There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

1. CASE
2. LOCATION
Denver, Colorado

10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient data for evaluation

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a large, fiery object falling toward the ground. It looked like an aircraft but was descending too fast. The object looked a bit like it was going to be a helicopter, but later movements ended this idea. The observers then thought the object looked as if it was going to crash, but it suddenly took off and disappeared from view. As the observers turned to go, it took off and finally disappeared from view.

Without an exact date it would be extremely difficult to determine any activity in the area which could have accounted for the observation. The information the case is being evaluated as insufficient data.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an information center located in Washington, D.C.

The text in the document is as follows:

Project Blue Book Information Center
Sarol
Washington, D.C., 20330

Gentlemen:

My wife and I observed a UFO in June of this year (1966), but afraid of ridicule, and not wishing publicity, we have hesitated to tell anyone other than relatives and close friends. After reading the articles about UFOs in the latest Science Digest and learning the address of your office, I decided to write to you in hopes the incident might be of interest.

First of all, I want to impress upon you that I have been connected with aviation over the years (as a passenger in earlier years, an airplane enthusiast in later years), so I am very familiar with types of aircraft, their behavior, and the behavior of objects which arc being observed in our skies. My wife is 29.

At this late date, it is impossible for me to remember the exact night of our experience - one of the things I learned you wished to know on a report - but everything else is vivid in my mind. The sighting took place between 8 and 10 p.m. The temperature was around nine o'clock, for that is the normal time we return home from visiting at the Lakehurst Institute. I do not remember if it were a Saturday or Monday night, but those were the only nights we have watched anearly television. We were at home, traveling north on West Curtis Street, when we first judged it to be about a half-mile to the north, at an altitude of about 1000-2500 feet, which would put the object at the northern limits of Crown Hill Cemetery. It was traveling from West to East.

The size of the object was so large, and its appearance of such a nature, that I thought it must be an airplane. However, for a few seconds I was certain the object was a falling plane, particularly because of the speed with which it judged to be coming down, This appeared to be accompanied by a blinding light near the object, and it's downward fall, which had been at first on a 20 degree angle, was now almost vertical, and I could attribute this only to a helicopter, especially when the object was descending very slowly after an earlier rapid approach.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. However, the image shows a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which contains detailed text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

My curiosity got the best of me, for I was wondering what a helicopter was doing in that area at that time, and wondering in general what was glowing so red from it, for the color no longer looked like a helicopter. It appeared to be one mile west on 25th Avenue toward the object. All the while, I kept my eyes glued on the object (as much as possible) while it was maneuvering. It was saucer-shaped, and seemed to be behaving strangely even for a helicopter. As I looked closer, I could see no loud motors or propellers, and it made no noise. Now and then it appeared to tilt toward the ground, and could easily recognize one by its "egg-beater" found. In fact, I never before I could see them. Further, the object seemed to be drifting, like a parachute. The possibility of it being a parachute material flown into the area, but this did not explain the strange actions. What transpired next convinced me IT WAS NOT any of these things.

The object was almost at roof-top level when we turned north on Wadsworth, and it was still to my left, although because of the turn we made, it was more to the front than before. In other words, in the further to the north we moved, it moved to a position almost directly in front of us. It faded away in size, despite the fact I was moving 50 mph in its direction. It finally headed due north on a line with Wadsworth, and grew smaller, giving every indication of moving at a high rate of speed. Suddenly, the object disappeared, as if it should maintain my 50 mph speed. My astonished way, I could no longer see it because the red glow "blinked off".

I watched all the news media to the week, one mentioned seeing the red balls. There was the air-crash reported, but it was definitely not the behavior, plus the fact that I heard no sound with the windows down, made me certain that the object was not a plane or helicopter. The sudden burst of speed without further loss of altitude explodes the paradrops idea. Finally, a peculiar noise was made when the object disappeared, not a plausible sound of any kind. I saw no report of aircraft in the area at the time. Nor was there any photographic reflection in the air and on the ground, for they have startled me at times before. I discovered it was a refraction in my auto window or windshield. I am forced to conclude that what I saw was some sort - a UFO. I might add that although I have never doubted the possibilities of such things, I have never before seen one that I could not give a logical explanation for. Being a scientist, I have always been cautious not to listen to any story of "object a mystery". Heretofore, the UFOs I have seen were unidentified only briefly, before being accounted for as something natural and easily explained. But this one, so real, so clear, and moving with such incredible speed, that I became as puzzled as I.

Cordially,

- page 3 -

