The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document, with handwritten text that is partially illegible.

FALLS CHURCH VA
OBJECT -.--,*,^i *-.
THE OBJECT THAT WAS OBSERVED WAS DISC SHAPED WITH LIGHTS ON THE BOTTOM WHICH APPEARED TO CHANGE COLOR FROM RED TO GREEN. IT WAS ABOUT THE SIZE OF A QUARTER AS OBSERVED AND WAS HOVERING ABOUT 40 FEET IN THE AIR OVER A HOUSE. IT REMAINED THERE FOR ABOUT 20 TO 25 MINUTES. SEVERAL NEIGHBORS ALSO OBSERVED THE OBJECT.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a report of a sighting submitted by Colonel [ ILLEGIBLE] to the USAF, describing the observation of three lights, one red and two white, appearing to be traveling in a definite pattern and in fixed formation. The report provides details about the size, speed, and behavior of the observed objects, as well as information about the sound effects associated with the sighting.

Report of sighting as submitted by Colonel [ ILLEGIBLE] to the USAF, 21 July 1952:

(a) Three lights, one red and two white, appearing to be traveling in a definite pattern and in fixed formation. Appearance as follows:

All objects same size with diameter about 1-1/2 to 2 miles. Estimated that a circular objects with diameter approx. 50-75 feet. Objects appeared to be low intensity, diffused brilliant light quite different from very bright, very white objects. They were in area between three objects, but number and locations could not be established conclusively. Although looked for this very carefully, never established conclusively.

(b) Sighted at 2025, 23 JULY 52, about 17 and 55 from West and at about 45 degrees elevation (near Falls Church, Virginia).

(c) First observed about 350 degrees azimuth. Traveled through about 5 to 10 degrees in about 10-15 seconds. Then faded up about 20 degrees and going down (at first gave impression of a'b about 15 degrees to horizon and going down 5 to 8 degrees).

(d) Sound: Irregular "sputtering" with low resonant pitch. Definite differences (different from usual aircraft). Sequence of sounds using different rises and levels showed distinctive pattern, what motivated his submission of report. Sequence of sounds, using different rises and levels, would be about as follows (example):

00032: 000 0 0 0
00000 000 00 000

Sound heard simultaneously with visual, continued throughout sighting, although in gradually diminishing intensity, and persisted for very short period after last from view.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a United States Air Force study of unidentified flying objects.

Transcribed text from the document:

(c) Observed with naked eyes.
(f) Observer reports no moon or clouds but slight overcast at "high altitude."
(g) Resident observer, his wife witnessed incident and agrees with all details except description of lower light which she remembers as orange instead of reddish white which she saw objects show before CRT began first observed it.
(h) Incident was reported to USAF Command Post immediately after sighting, but states that they evinced no interest in report.
(i) No activity observed in area at time of sighting; no other unusual activity noted.
(AFOAT), it, assigned to Dt USAF, DCS/O, Asst for Atomic Energy.

- page 3 -

