There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Project 10573 Record
1. DATE AND TIME OF OBSERVATION 
2. LOCATION
Saratoga Springs, New York
10. CONCLUSION
Possible (Aircraft ?)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object first appeared about 15 degrees above the horizon. It seemed to be a bright light, brighter than the surrounding sky at the time. It appeared to be some distance off, and remained in sight for about 10 minutes. Several degrees lower when it disappeared from sight.
18. PHOTOGRAPHIC EVIDENCE
None

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter on the letterhead of the Department of the Air Force, Foreign Technology Division. The letter is addressed to someone in Saratoga Springs, New York, and it references an unidentified observation that occurred on June 21, 1967. The letter requests the recipient to complete an attached Project Blue Book form 164 and return it to the Air Force.

Text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDSET/IUFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 21 June 67

TO: Jr.
Saratoga Springs, New York

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached PBJ Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PBJ Form 164 w/envelope

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph of a UFO sighting report from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a letter from Major Hector Quintanilla Jr., Air Force Research and Development Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, to an unidentified recipient. The letter describes a sighting of an unidentified flying object that occurred on June 21, 1967 in Saratoga Springs, New York. The letter provides details about the sighting, including the time, location, and the witness's observations of the object. The witness also mentions that several other people viewed the object along with them.

Text transcribed from the document:

Saratoga Springs, N. Y.
July 11, 1967

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Air Force Research and Development Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

I would like to report a sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object. It was sighted at approximately 9:20 P.M. EDT, on June 21, 1967.

It was a night approximately five minutes. There was a bright, clear sky with many stars and a full moon. It first appeared, at the area 15 degrees above the southern horizon, as a light brighter than the brightest stars. This object is appeared to stand still for a short time. When I first sighted it, it moved to the west and disappeared. It reappeared several moments later, several degrees higher. There was no sound and the object was a bright white in color.

I viewed this object outdoors in a residential section of Saratoga Springs. Through my 7x35 telescope, it looked somewhat like two rectangular lights joined together, the center part between them could not be distinguished before the object disappeared into the northern horizon. I saw a plane in the sky near the object.

The other people who viewed this with me were: [redacted]. I am twelve years old. My telephone number is [redacted]. Please do not misinterpret this report as a prank because of my age. Every word is in complete truthfulness.

Sincerely yours,
[redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 21 June 1967 Year

2. Time of day: 9 Hour 30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Saratoga Springs, New York Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 0 Hours 15 Minutes Seconds
a. Certain
b. Early certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Visual estimate
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No X

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember 

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: CONSIDERABLY BRIGHTER THAN AN AVERAGE SMALL BULB

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes)
b. Suddenly speed up and shoot away? (Yes)
c. Suddenly slow down or stop? (Yes)
d. Give off smoke? (Yes)
e. Change brightness? (Yes)
f. Change shape? (Yes)
g. Flash or flicker? (Yes)
h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes)

- page 5 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document. There is a hand-drawn sketch in the bottom portion of the page, but no photograph.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It seemed to disappear or just "went away". I went to get a few moment later.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes  No  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes  No  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Noise like a "Whishing Noise"
b. Color: Bright white and what

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Across all

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc.; and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
(Hand-drawn sketch showing an oval-shaped object with "LET'S FOLLOW IT" and an arrow indicating the direction it was moving.)

OCR Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It seemed to disappear or just "went away". I went to get a few moment later.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Noise like a "Whishing Noise"
b. Color: Bright white and what

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Across all

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc.; and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

never saw anything like it before

- page 7 -

The image contains a sketch and a compass diagram, but no photograph. The sketch depicts the motion of an object or objects, with instructions to draw a picture showing the changes in direction during the course. The compass diagram provides directional references to help describe the sighting.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with several questions and response fields filled out by the witness.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
5/70

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
YES NO 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES NO

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: (redacted)
ADDRESS: (redacted) 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: (redacted)
AGE: 17 SEX: Male
I have a very good knowledge of astronomy and aircraft, and I have never seen anything like this object before. It was round and came up from ground level at great speed and then went straight up and out of sight. It was very bright and gave off an orange glow and it went faster than any known aircraft. I feel it was probably a U.F.O. and I can make no other explanation for it.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
5/70

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Acting as an optical character recognition (OCR) system, the text found in the document is:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 July 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 10 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document. There is no photograph present in this particular page. The text on the page reads:

"December 30, 1957

Report on 21 June, 1967, Saratoga Springs, New York. I am in full agreement that the evaluation should be possible sightcers."

- page 11 -

