The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. T. GROUP  
2. LOCATION : HUNTER, N. Y.
3. DATE: 7 APRIL 1952
10. CONCLUSION: SATELLITE
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 12 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Course
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
9. CONCLUSIONS: Observer sighted a white flashing light with a period of approximately 2-3 seconds per interval. The object was traveling in a level course at an undetermined altitude. Observer states that "Not a bona fide satellite such having been observed by both previously also flashing."
COMMENTS: There are numerous other satellite that it could possibly have been.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memo routing slip from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO: USAF (SAFCIC)
Attn: Jo Turnure
INFORMATION
REMARKS
Attached is all the information which we have on Mr. M - - - sighting of September 4, 1957. He has not forwarded a PID form 16 to our office.
FROM: Frederick
W-P AFB, Ohio 45433
27 Nov 67
PHONE

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

OCR output of the text in the document:

Dear Mr. 

We are unable to identify positively the object you observed information.

The description you provided is consistent with rotating satellites or packages. It would be nearly impossible to determine which satellite component you might have observed since there are more than 4,000 man-made objects in space. 

The State of New York is heavily ringed by SAGE stations, but many of these stations reported unidentified flying objects. We did not receive any other UFO reports from the area.

In the future, if you should observe another unidentified object, please contact the nearest Air Force installation immediately; it will be glad to conduct an on-the-spot investigation.

Thank you for bringing your observation to our attention.

Sincerely,

DAVID L. STILES
Major USAF
Acting Chief, Civil Branch
Directorate of Information Services Division

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Congress of the United States House of Representatives, dated September 30, 1967. The text of the document is as follows:

Congress of the United States
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.

September 30, 1967

Colonel John Chapman
Air Force Liaison
House of Representatives
Washington, D. C.

Dear Colonel Chapman:

The enclosed letter was received by me from one of the most outstanding and reliable constituents in my District.

As he has asked me to check out the information which he has given in detail, perhaps you can provide a satisfactory answer.

Thanking you for your attention in this matter,

I am

Sincerely yours,

CARLETON J. KING, M. C.

CJK:rad

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

Congress of the United States
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.

September 30, 1967

Colonel John Chapman
Air Force Liaison
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.

Dear Colonel Chapman:

The enclosed letter was received by me from one of the most outstanding and reliable constituents in my District. He has asked me to check out the information which he has given in detail. Perhaps you can provide a satisfactory answer.

Thanking you for your attention in this matter,

Sincerely yours,
CARLETON J. KING, M.C.

CJK:med

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a letter from an individual to Carleton J. King, who was a representative of the Defense Department.

NEW YORK 12866
September 12, 1957

The Honorable Carleton J. King 
The House of Representatives
Washington, D. C.

Dear Carleton: 

I am enclosing a comprehensive report on
the UFO or UOF which you and I discussed on your
last visit to Batavia. You said you would
give it to the Defense Department. You may
from you soon or 'ill the Bluebook gobbie it up
in the meantime.

Best regards to Connie.  Keep well.

Sincerely

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from what appears to be an old report or document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

"IT incidant 5-31-?? 8:35 PM LAKE JACKSON, TEXAS 77566

Location: Greene County Towne of Martin
Investigator - Burke P. Foster
Hadnock, Pennsylvania Patrolman Police County
Witness on East Side of Hume in this town
Ground was 2.199ft. 7 oz. -- 5 oz. 11 D2 The Series V R2
Examination: Remaining on ground but was not destroyed. Marks left by trance with Beyreth at Trish Berken or similar group of mountains Examination: with watch time to be obtained for consumpent. I may by radio may be continued Expect. physical approxinatio approved by certain authorities. 

Hatch: Intranai 

Times received approximately ended between 4 and 5 seconds."

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing a sighting of a UFO.

NELSON D. GRISWOLD 
P. O. BOX 225 
LAKE JACKSON, TEXAS 77566

Traffic, no apparent change. The sighting was not observed again nor moved.

That it was anything more than some sort of natural occurrence I could not be sure.

There was no noise, no movement, no exhaust or lights, other than what you would expect from something like a Star suspended in the sky. It looked pretty close but from the long distance could be as much as 50 - 75" up.

With preliminary caution this subject is reluctantly reported. Any significant dimension, observation or measure which might assist in identifying the phenomena observed is regretfully omitted as my observations were of a necessarily casual nature and from a distance not conducive to accurate assessment.

Attest

9-8-67

- page 8 -

