There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, containing text with details about the observation, including the location, conclusion, and a brief summary and analysis.

PROJECT 10079 RECORD
1. DATE 
2. LOCATION
10. CONCLUSION 
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Date is not available. Observers saw some strange objects in the sky, but could not determine exactly what they were. No evidence of physical objects was found.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information division, likely related to Project Blue Book, regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon or UFO sighting. The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please do not answer any questions as to your personal details. The information that you give will be used for technical studies, and will not be used in any publications without your permission. We request this personal information to assist if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
Like 18 of May 1952, day 

2. Time of day: 
Hour: 1930 
Minutes: 30
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Daylight Saving f. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
Xenia, Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Minutes: 5 
Seconds: 30
a. Certain b. Fairly Certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was the motion determined? 
The object seemed to come in from the south, pause for a moment, then move off to the northwest at a very high rate of speed. It gave off a very bright light that seemed to go out as it moved away.

5.2 Was the object:
Steady, Flickering, Blinking, Fluttering

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): 
a. Day b. Night 
c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):
a. To your left b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

FTD FORM 164 - This form supersedes FTD 164, 1 Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars: (Circle One): a. None, b. Bright moon-light, c. Dull moon-light, d. Don't remember
e. Moon: (Circle One): a. None, b. Dull moon-light, c. Bright moon-light, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Some clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear, b. Cloudy, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Fog or mist, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Fuzzy, d. Gas or light, e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
About four times as bright as the North Star

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Clearly defined, b. Blurred, c. Like a bright star, d. Sharply outlined, e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break into parts or explode?
d. Change in brightness?
e. Change shape? 
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?
(Circle One for each question): Yes, No, Don't know

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a typed UFO report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Moved faster than I could see, gradually getting smaller until it disappeared.

15. Did the object seem to go behind something at any time? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. 
If you answered YES, then tell what:
It went behind some trees but it did not reappear on the other side.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:
It went behind some trees and did not reappear on the other side. I could not tell if it went behind a cloud.

17. Tell in your own words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Very bright, white light
c. Size - About the size of a small airplane
d. Shape - Round
e. Number - One

18. How much of the object is covered by the hand of the person, if you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About X of the object would have been covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, tail, lights, etc. and anything else that you noticed. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The object did not make any sound. The object was very bright, white light. The object was about the size of a small airplane and was round in shape. The object moved very fast across the sky until it disappeared behind some trees. I could not tell if it went behind a cloud. The object was moving from right to left.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes / No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes / No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? It seemed to be about 1/2 to 3/4 of a mile away.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________________

23. Where was the object located? (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West 
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes / No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window

Yes / No
Yes / No 
Yes / No
Yes / No

e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Camera

Yes / No
Yes / No
Yes / No
Yes / No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. 
It seemed unusually green (op tinman) thinish triangular shaped object which had some strange light running along the outer edges and emitting a red glow from the center of the object. The object seemed to be about 1/2 to 3/4 of a mile away and moving slowly from the northeast to the southwest almost directly overhead at an altitude of perhaps 1,000 to 2,000 feet. It was not an airplane, satellite, meteor or any other known object that I am familiar with. The object seemed to disappear into the distance and I lost sight of it after 2 to 3 minutes.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing sketches and text related to observations of an unidentified flying object.

THE OBJECT CEASED TO BE VISIBLE TO THE EYE WATCH PASSED AT 0110 CST APRIL 25, 1964. TEST CASE CLOSED.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a collection of UFO reports from the U.S. Air Force's investigation into unidentified flying objects.

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes   No  

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
MAJOR LEE CARTER, 1430 HIGHLAND DR.  XENIA, OHIO.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS - [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER - [REDACTED]
AGE - 32    SEX - M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I did not call any neighbors out to witness this because all the time to fear telling myself and daughter this experience they would think I was crazy so I decided not to call.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
16 July 1957, Lt. W.S.A.F.B.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The red and green lights which caused the sighting were about the size of a basketball, but much brighter. They came from the east and moved down at a 45 degree angle for about 1 minute, then moved back up at the same angle and disappeared. They moved in a jerky fashion, stopping and starting and changing direction erratically.  

At the time the white steady light appeared, it seemed to be the size of a basketball and appeared to be hovering or moving slowly. The area of the object took up less than the diameter of a pencil held at arm's length. The light fluctuated in intensity several times and then disappeared.

This is the only thing which I saw. It did not throw any light down and was not connected to anything else that I could see. When it disappeared, there was no trail or flash, it just went out.  I have no idea what it was.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 17 May 1967

TO: XENIA, OHIO 45385

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficiently scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached UFD Form 164 and return it to this office. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MARANT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1. ? ASTD TUPPER?L
? 87 D29 
? 10 dug
2. AIRCRAFT (POSSIBLE)

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire form for documenting UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions or publications, without your permission, so that if it is determined necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? May 4, 1957 
2. Time of day: 9:30 EDT
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near Xenia, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 minutes
5.1 How precise in sight determined? c. Fairly certain
5.2 Was it visible in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day b. Night: a. Bright b. Dark c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the OBJECT during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FID FPC 164 This form supersedes FID 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object at night.

8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Bright, b. Hazy, c. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds  
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Lights, c. Vapor-trail, d. Don't remember
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. About the same, c. Dimmer, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember
13. Did the object: a. Appear to stand still at any time? b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? c. Break up into parts or explode? d. Change brightness? e. Change shape? f. Flash or flicker? g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

The object apparently disappeared or changed direction suddenly, as indicated by the response "it disappeared, fast".

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: a cloud, according to the response.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: no information provided.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: bright light
b. Color: bright yellow, disc-shaped

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
No information provided.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
No drawing or sketch provided.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in this document is:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 15 - 20 miles approx.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) 
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Watching from an automobile?
f. Flying over a city?
g. Flying over open country?
h. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes No 
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 13 -

The image contains a sketch diagram and some handwritten text, but no photograph. The sketch diagram appears to be instructions for estimating the altitude and direction of an observed object relative to the horizon and compass.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw this object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 14 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR:

No.
Yes
Xylephine Donovan
Drive
Xenia 45385
Female
4/30/52

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular image, only handwritten text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract all the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 18 May 62

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Flight old of mission possible.

- page 16 -

