The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT RECORD CASE 
2. LOCATION
GREEN LAKE, WISCONSIN
10. CONCLUSION
ASTRO (VENUS) PARTIALY OBSCURED BY CLOUD DENSITY OF 300'
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated that the object was solid. Edges of the object were sharply outlined. The object came down into the clouds, was then briefly observed with the clouds, and then disappeared from view. The color was bright white, shading to white-blue bottom.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information division regarding unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 27 Apr 1967
2. Time of day: 10 :00 (Circle One:) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One:) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Green Lake, Wisconsin
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 00 Hours 15 Minutes 00 Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One:) a. Clear b. Slight Haze c. Bright d. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One:) a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many  
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Very moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
9.1 CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

9.2 WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Calm
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
_________

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other _________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
b. Suddenly speed up and slow down at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
c. Change direction? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
d. Give off smoke? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
e. Change brightness? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
f. Flash or flicker? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
g. Hover? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The object went down into the woods, then we could not see the object itself but could see the lighted area of the woods.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: Dark colored cloud shading, like a haze. 
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. 
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: The sound was quite The sound was steady, like the sound of a small gas engine.
b. Color: Bright bluish-green color. 
18. Wish to know angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in at arm's length much of the object was covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/4 of the object would have been covered by the match head.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 3 times the speed of light

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3/4 to 1 1/2 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour 
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (NO) c. Binoculars Yes (NO)
b. Sun glasses Yes (NO) d. Telescope Yes (NO)
c. Windshield Yes (NO) e. Theodolite Yes (NO)
d. Window glass Yes (NO) f. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. An unspecified lighted platter, hat nor specifically the same.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only illustrations. The illustrations include a sketch showing the angle of an observed object above the horizon, and a compass diagram.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you saw at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

This image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document. There is no photograph present on this particular page.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or date and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   YES  /  NO

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES  /  NO

32.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 17 SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
[Redacted]

- page 7 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten response to a questionnaire, likely part of a Project Blue Book investigation.

The text of the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 29 5 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire is a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The object which we first saw appeared as a bright and light brighter than other stars. When it got closer and when seen through the binoculars it appeared solid and had clear edges. 

We first spotted it in the car but could not the object as the car, a [REDACTED] house. We were in a field across the road from his house.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFPC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDZT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 21 April 1967

TO:
Green Lake, Wisconsin 54941

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficiently complete for a scientific evaluation. Please you complete the attached UFD Form 164 and return it to the Air Force.

ELARS C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
UFD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a report or document, containing handwritten text.

The text in the document is as follows:

Project Blue Book Office
AFSDC
Washington, D.C. 20330

Dear Sir:

May 7, 1967, at about 7:10, I and several others saw what appears to be a flying object. On April 26, 1967, at present it was going to house which is one mile west and one mile north of Green Lake. We went west a mile and then turned north and continued east on the road. At that time we sighted a bright object of fair size. It appeared from the ground and then seemed to move slowly upward and then disappear from sight. I would like to bring this to your attention.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a handwritten report or observation of some kind.

As requested, I will act as an OCR (optical character recognition) system and produce all the text found in the document:

It seemed to the north and was very clear. It was only clear to the north and remained in view for several minutes.
We watched it carefully and it seemed to be stationary. It was about the size of a large saucer and was light in color, yet it did not appear luminous.
It remained motionless for some time and then started to move slowly back and forth, moving very slightly up and down as it went. After several minutes it then moved quickly straight up until it was out of sight.
It seemed to be about the size of a large saucer and was dull in color, but did not appear luminous at any time. There was nothing unusual about its movement, just the up and down and back and forth.
The object was sharply defined and seemed to be about the size of a saucer. It was not luminous and remained perfectly motionless until it shot straight up and out of sight.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document or report.

The text found in the document is as follows:

The strange to white, all the time, as it was going, a dich at l'h
ing seem a blish alone gone.
i'd just stopped, then it lit,show if the north. and went dovv n, the
woods at hewed the seen more st
was worth white light then passed
some with gases and moved, no it  
and that did the same thing again.
The biggest was a 1 around
the seen any with of that standing
was almost full out of the
a gotten it seemed
to give it was not worth to
The top of 1.00 of the lighting
seven the inch here tasted for a
when the top kind but
over quite always away person
I shall nt appeared probably
now we for one of the type!

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Output of the text in the document:

One thing sure and certain that I cannot be confident that what I saw or most of the ones that I saw with was not taken too seriously that as I looked at it for about 15 minutes. (All was for more at the time as we were close by and could possibly haven seen as close as normal. I don't say he could see it so closely and probably know what it was. I would have considered it, hoping he will some day come out to have anything definite.

As for the one thing traveling that we, did have time and farther away that could be. It with the exception well as I have stated up to now. I would up to this date, and try comes out to.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing a sighting or report related to a UFO or unidentified aerial phenomenon.

The text reads:

"This is close to what the saucer appeared to look like. When it first came it was silvery and the middle had a pronounced bulge. The bottom had a bluish glow. It was the same shape. Please answer"

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I can output the following text found in the document:

"We wanted to notify us that it because of a strange sighting that happened and again the changing colors lights on the we call them a object so cannot say that we just happened to notice it in the sky. 
It seems that the object hovered and were and the varied in color
very slowly until this as no joke what we actually saw was a bright object hoverable it seemed to stand still all over  
against over in the sky and it disappeared  it long with other paper to know just what it was we saw
Thank you very much
Harris Reid"

- page 15 -

The image contains a sketch of a UFO sighting. The sketch shows an oval-shaped object in the sky, as described in the text below the image. The text states that this is a "never-before-published photo" taken by Shirley Coyne, a Minnesota deputy sheriff, while on a hunting trip in October 1959. The text also mentions that the sketch was made from an "aggregate description" of the sighting by five witnesses shortly after the incident.

SHOOTS UFO PICTURE ON HUNTING TRIP
Shirley Coyne, Minnesota deputy sheriff, claims that this never-before-published photo, left, of a UFO was taken while returning home from a deer-hunting trip last October. The sketch, above, of the alleged UFO was made from an aggregate description of the machine given by the five witnesses shortly after the prolonged sighting.

- page 16 -

