The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is a Project 10073 Record form, which includes details about the sighting, such as the date, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, and whether there were any photos or physical evidence.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE/TIME GROUP: 02/03/56
2. LOCATION: Tulsa, Oklahoma
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: NE
8. PHOTOS: [] Yes [X] No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [] Yes [X] No
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

COMMENTS: This case was not received until 11 Jan 56.
NOTE: The observer lives only 10 miles from an airport, and the description of the object is very similar to that of an airplane with its landing light on.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
Day - Month - 1967 - Year

2. Time of day: 10:10 minutes (Circle One): A.M. 

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
Nearest Postal Address - City or Town - State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 
c. Not very sure

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
d. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? 
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: 
a. Bright
b. Cloudy
NIGHT: 
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): d. To your left

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from a UFO report document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. A few
b. Many
c. Numerous
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds  

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
THE ENTIRE SIGHTING WAS IN SIGHT AT ALL TIMES

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a brush tip
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know 
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with a handwritten questionnaire and a simple hand-drawn diagram.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes - It just disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know. 
If you answered YES, then tell what: it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what: it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound.
b. Color: Pale yellow, creme white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
All just the right size.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The hand-drawn diagram shows a simple arrow pointing towards the right.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and answer options.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 10 - 15 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 - 1 MILE

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor d 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? __ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No 
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
1. DISTURNCE __ GEE LIGHT AND FLICKER LIGHT
2. APPEARED LARGER THAN A BALLOON - BUT IT MOVE ALONG

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch showing the position of a sighted object in the sky. The sketch includes a compass rose and instructions for the observer to indicate the position of the object using the compass. There is no photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED] Last Name [REDACTED] First Name [REDACTED] Middle Name
ADDRESS [REDACTED] Street [REDACTED] City [REDACTED] State 
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED] AGE 19 SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
___ Day ___ Month ___ Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: ---- -- --- ----
 Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The text in the image appears to be a handwritten response to question 35 of the questionnaire. It describes information that the person completing the form feels is pertinent and not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or their narrative explanation of their sighting.

- page 8 -

