The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, displaying a form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT:  RECORD     
1. LOCATION: 

10. CONCLUSION:
UNIDENTIFIED.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
From the statements of the witnesses, a bright light was observed flashing on and off at intervals. It was estimated to be at an altitude of approx. 700 to 1,000 feet and 1/4 to 1/2 mile in diameter. It was observed for approx. 20 to 30 minutes and was visible through breaks in the clouds. No further details or explanatory facts are available.

7. COURSE:

8. PHOTOS:
[X] Yes
[] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE:
[] Yes
[X] No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

17 May 57

Wright-Patterson-MAJCAPT/SAFOIC/LJL/73079/31 July 67

JUL 21 1957

Dear Mr.

Reference your recent correspondence in which you described your unusual observation of May 17, 1957.

Investigation into reports did reveal a probably explanation. The Federal Aviation Agency at Harkins Field, Washington, Virginia, reports the sighting of a strange sight 172,172 azimuth (235A) toward an electrical navigating light, was reported to have departed 009 degrees at 5107 pm on March 17, 1957. This appears to have been the phenomenon observed and temporarily considered unusual.

We cannot conclusively identify the object you observed; however, the evidence suggests your observation may have been of a normal situation which is consistent with past descriptions of airplanes in normal flight situations.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

FARNEST E. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Complaints Evaluations Division
Office of Information

Mr. ****** ******
Washington, Virginia 22207

HAF-OTCC                                   HAF-OTCC

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document. The image appears to be a typed letter on Department of Transportation letterhead regarding an unidentified flying object sighting in Jackson, Mississippi.

DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
AIRPORT TRAFFIC CONTROL TOWER
JACKSON, MISSISSIPPI
June 9, 1967

IN REPLY
REFER TO

Colonel James C. Manatt
Inspector of Technology and Subsystems
Directorate of Technology and Engineering Division (ATEC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

ATTN: SPDSJ/UFO

Dear Colonel Manatt:
This has reference to your letter of 31 May 1967 regarding the report of an unidentified flying object sighted in the Jackson, Mississippi area on 17 May 1967 at approximately 2030 hours.
During the period 15 May through 21 May 1967 a Cessna 172, N5121A, towing an electric sign was operated over the City of Jackson. The owner of the aircraft is Mr. W. J. Brennan, Radio Station WJDX, Montgomery, Alabama.

Sincerely yours,
Joseph B. Brogdon
Airport Traffic Control Tower

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TERS/USCP(MS) quintana (Jo:916/rad/29 May) 31 May 1957
Request for Information

FAA Control Tower
ATTN: WASH Supervisor 
Hawkins Field
Jackson, Mississippi 63735

1. Our office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object sighting which took place in the Jackson, Mississippi area on 17 May 1957 at approximately 2030 hours. This particular sighting occurred approximately 10 miles west of the Jackson, Mississippi area and was observed for a period of approximately 15 minutes.
2. If any records are available, request positive or negative radar confirmation of any unidentified objects. Any assistance you can provide will be appreciated.

FOR THE COMMANDER
JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is a letter dated May 19, 1967, from an individual in Arlington, Virginia, addressed to the Chiefs, Civil Branch, Community Relations Division, Office of Information, Department of Air Force in Washington, D.C. The letter states that the individual is enclosing two copies of a statement prepared by themselves regarding an unidentified flying object, and they trust the recipient will find the statement adequate for the immediate purpose.

Here is the full text of the document:

Chiefs, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information
Department of Air Force
Washington, D. C. 20330

Dear Sir:

I am enclosing two copies of a statement prepared by myself relative to an unidentified flying object. I trust you will find the statement adequate for the immediate purpose.

Sincerely,

[Redacted]

1 Incl (in dupe)
Statement dated 19 May 67

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing an unusual flying object sighting.

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

This will serve to report the sighting of an unusual flying object at 3:30 p.m. on 13 May 1967 near Jackson, Mississippi, which I observed at about 5:10 p.m. The details of my observations are given below.

I am a professional hydraulic engineer, Grade GS-16, employed by the Corps of Engineers, U.S. Army, Washington, D.C. 20016. My telephone is Ext. 59641. My title is Technical Director. On 13 May 1967, I was sent to the Waterways Experiment Station at Vicksburg, Mississippi for three days temporary duty. On returning, I left Vicksburg about 5:00 p.m. and the object described above was first observed by me from the automobile on the way to the Waterways Experiment Station at Vicksburg. I was to drive me to describe my observations. I was on the Vicksburg-to-Jackson road where I was to spend the night. Mr. ***** was then to pick up passengers at the Jackson General Airport.

As stated above, we left Vicksburg about 5:35 p.m. and arrived in the Jackson area about 6:30 p.m. Our rendezvous with Jackson was from the west moving east along Highway 80. This highway is very congested and it takes some time to weave through the traffic. Shortly after 6 p.m. when we were about 4 miles west of Highway 80, I noticed an unusual object in the sky to the north, or off Highway 80. I finally turned due north (left, off Highway 80) and arrived in downtown Jackson, where our rendezvous point with Mr. *****. I do not recall the name of the street on to which we turned from Highway 80.

While still on Highway 80, the driver of the car, Mr. *****, said to me, "What is that thing flying up there?" He pointed about 15 degrees to the left and about 25 or 30 degrees above the horizon. I saw then a very strange object. It appeared to be very high - possibly a mile away, and it was not moving, that is, it was stationary with respect to the ground. It was very bright - for an aircraft) keeping about the pace of our car which was moving about 60 to 65 miles per hour.

It is my thought that what I saw was not a conventional aircraft. What I saw was a series of lights arranged in an irregular manner under the vehicle. What I saw was a series of lights on the CBS Times Newspaper Building in Times Square, New York City. In fact, I spent probably 30 seconds or more trying to read the advertisements. It was completely dark by this time, 6:30 p.m. or maybe 6:40, and the various lights were very clearly seen. I found, however, that I could not "read" any of the advertisements. I point out that this was an unusual object and I will be glad to discuss it further if you so desire.

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

the moving lights as they did not seem to actually form letters. The movement of the lighted band was clock-wise looking upward from the ground. To have seen an advertisement, it probably have rotated in the other direction. The lighted band did not seem to me to be circular but, rather, four sided, as the lights seemed to form a corner, such as the lights on a building. The lighted band seemed to move, or circulate, at about the same speed as the lights usually formed letters of the roman alphabet. If they were forced to estimate, I would probably say the vertical length of the band was about 3 to 4 feet and the horizontal length about 20 to 25 feet. The object moved closer to us, of course, as it approached Highway 80.

I feel sure that the entire object was not rotating as there was a brilliant light (unblinking) several miles out in front of the craft which held its position and stayed in the same attitude relative to the craft as it approached us. The craft or object moved forward only as the entire craft moved forward.

As stated earlier that my immediate impression on seeing the lights was that this was the object I had an article on earlier regarding flying objects. I said at that time saw any the body of the craft, so I could not state anything about the size, color of the craft, helicopter, or other form of craft.

We continued to observe the craft for two or three minutes. It appeared to change its course to the east before actually crossing Highway 80 and then appeared to increase its altitude. We lost sight of the object while we were traveling in traffic to make a left turn off Highway 80. At that point the craft had moved eastward and was no longer visible.

In this case or the case of the traffic prevented report of the aircraft, I did not see that anyone else in the immediate vicinity was driving any attention to the area.

As we drove into downtown Jackson where I left the car and signed into a motel, I recalled this incident to a friend. He does not recall the details. I have no other witnesses to this statement.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image is a scanned document page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book report.

Text from the document:

I am submitting this statement as I read some months ago that the Air Force was desirous of having reports of unexplained sights or objects that might be of interest in establishing probability is a very simple explanation. I left Jackson by plane at 7:00 a.m. on the next Thursday, 18 May 1967, and I do not know whether there were other public reports of this incident.

If this statement is deemed worthy of investigation, I would appreciate receiving information on any findings resulting from such an investigation.

Arlington, Virginia 22207

- page 8 -

