There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 18/10/1952
2. DATE/TIME GROUP: 18/10/1952
3. LOCATION: Des Plaines, Illinois
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Sighting
5. PHOTOS: None
6. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 15 mins
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: CIVILIAN
8. BASIS SIGHTING REPORT: 1) VISUAL SIGHTING
9. COMMENTS: This sighting is virtually the same as the one reported near Zion, Illinois at 23:55 hours on 18 October 1952 and is believed to be the same object. It was reported seen by a number of people in Des Plaines, Illinois. No details of description are given. The object appears to be a visual sighting only. The time is approximately 500-700 mph.
10. WNY: Nothing conflicting with air safety evaluation.
11. CONCLUSIONS: Nothing conflicting with air safety evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image contains two sketches or illustrations, but no photographs.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was at when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions and checkboxes.

As an OCR system, the following text is present in the document:

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Overcast
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 3-2-55 March 22 1955

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? No

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? (Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a historical document, likely related to UFO sightings or reports.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)      Yes      No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  approw 3 g 04

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)      Yes      No

41. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
PLEASE state the following information about yourself: 
NAME:  [REDACTED] Last Name     [REDACTED] Middle Name
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] Street, Des Plaines, Illinois
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
I'm instincI Ively cautious and conservative so I may be underestimating the speed and distance it was othe rwise I would say it was traveling approxamitely 800 to 1000 mph and was about 3 to 4 miles away. It was a very brief sighting as I caught it out of the corner of my eye and it disappeared instantly.

42. Date you completed this questionaire:  1/1/54      Month       Year

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form.

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information be filled out completely, the following space is given to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size may be attached if they are needed.

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:

On 9 September 1947, September 17, 1952 at approximately 8:35 p.m. I was out in the Northwestclirection. It was traveling at approx. 600-700 m.p.h. 
I was able to see the object through the binoculars from our bedroom window. It passed quickly over the horizon. When I looked back, the horizon haze was still reflecting the glow from the object for about one minute. The glow was greenish-white and did not blink.

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch or drawing of a saucer-shaped object with the text "what happened?" written below it. There is no photograph present in this image.

WHAT HAPPENED?

- page 6 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The photograph shows an elongated, oval-shaped object hovering in the sky.

Text from the document:

The United States Department of Defense
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sirs:

The image shows that it may be the same for years you have had various reports of Unidentified Flying Objects from throughout the United States. Since you may consider credibilpreciate, while others you may believe. You may make your own conclusion of my reports.

This object was sighted by my father at 5:00 P.M. traveling in a East - West-Northeast direction. The object was traveling at a high rate of speed, approx 500-600 M.P.H. It was traveling towards the area known as Des Plaines, Illinois.
 From this information, you may come to believe that it was a declining phenomenon. There are three reasons why this is impossible:

1) This sighting lasted only a short time and left no physical or photographic evidence.

2) This object DID NOT HAVE any of the required running lights that are called for by the Federal Aviation Agency. It was a yellow-orange color.

3) This is possibly the most important. It was not the shape of any aircraft I know. I have heard about or read about. This object is dismissed as unknown.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

"I therefore report that a light, in the sense that it will help you to place a certain gas in the U.S.D.D. number.

Thank you for your time and consideration.

Very truly yours,"

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Secretary of Defense Routing Slip, which is a form used for routing documents within the Department of Defense.

SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ROUTING SLIP
TO: All the addressees listed on the form, including the Secretary of Defense, the Assistant Secretary of Defense, the Administrative Secretary, the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of the Air Force.
ACTION: The actions listed include Reply Direct, Information and Retention, and Comment And/Or Recommendation.
There are no other visible text elements in the document.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified flying object. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes and will be confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
DAY: 19  MONTH:   6   YEAR: 50
2. Time of day: Hour: 7:30   Minutes: 30   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: 2029 Lincoln Blvd., Des Plaines, Illinois
5. How long was object in sight? Hours: 1  Minutes: 30  Seconds: 
How was time of sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Clear b. Cloudy     NIGHT: a. Clear b. Cloudy c. Hazy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the side of you c. To your right

FTD FD-31 164 This form supersedes ATIC 121-R which is obsolete.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, featuring a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

9. IF YOU saw the object of night, whar did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Many b. Few c. Bright
9.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Dont remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Seem to jump into parts of sky or disappear?
d. Change brightness?
e. Change shape?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

The text output from the document is as follows:

9. IF YOU saw the object of night, whar did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Many b. Few c. Bright
9.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Dont remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Seem to jump into parts of sky or disappear?
d. Change brightness?
e. Change shape?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

- page 11 -

The image appears to contain a black-and-white photograph of a handwritten or typed document. There is no photograph or image of a UFO visible in this particular page. 

Here is the text I was able to extract from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate trails or vapor trails.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                  b. Like a bright star
                  c. Sharply outlined
                  d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with various questions and space for handwritten responses.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length. If the length of the match head covered the object, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. The document appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report, containing a questionnaire with questions and answer options.

Here is the text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One:)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One:)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF YOU were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One:)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest 
28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One:) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One:)
a. North b. East c. South d. West 
e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One:)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the horizon (elevation). If you guessed the number of degrees it was from the horizon (elevation), it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _____ degrees.
b. From horizon _____ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _____ degrees.
b. From horizon _____ degrees.

- page 14 -

