The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

PROJECT 10273 RECORD
1. CASE
Crosby, North Dakota
10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched an object which was bright, reddish in color, appeared to be disk-shaped, and traveled rapidly for a distance of about 3 miles. The object disappeared abruptly, without any sound or trail. It was in view for approximately 30 seconds - 1 minute.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) report from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQURTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

14 FEB 1967

TO: LT. COLONEL BAGWELL 
(1) DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT:

(1) Shape: Circular.
(2) Size: Appeared to be 5 to 10 feet long at approximately 1 mile distance.
(3) Color: Bright white (like a mercury vapor light).
(4) Number: One (1).
(5) Formation: None.
(6) Speed: Slow.
(7) Maneuvering: Hovered, small flashes of light observed and drifted.
(8) Time: None.
(9) Items: None.

2. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE:
Object observed from kitchen table looking out window.
(1) Azimuth: 330°
(2) Elevation: 35°

When sighted, headed northeast and disappeared beyond horizon.

PEACE...IS OUR PROFESSION

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

(1) One (1) minute.
Manner of observation:
(1) Ground/Visual.
(2) Seen.
(3) 2:45.
4. Time and date of sighting:
(1) 2/18/52 was at 2:45.
(2) Daytime.
5. Place: (2) miles southwest of Crosby, N.Dak.
6. Identifying information on observer(s):
(1) The observers name was [redacted]. This person was located on a car 1/2 mile west of Crosby, N.Dak.
(2) N/A.
7. Weather and winds: 
Cloud. (1) Clear except for one cloud. Object did not pass behind cloud.
(2) The following weather information is needed for a report on UFO sightings: Gunnery, Temp., Vis., Sky cover, Press.
a. Wind Direction: T
Surface: 1725 12 105 - 1330 4 095 - 1225 4 100 - 1130 5 100 - 1325 4 100 - 1500 4 100
b. Ceilings: - No. 2 NW - Visibility: Seven (7) miles.
8. Amount of cloud cover: 12.1%.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Extracting the text from the document:

21 January 1956
Project Blue Book
Crosby, North Dakota

Name:
Address:
Telephone Number: 
Reason: Unknown due to time report was received.

Special Agent A. Char Jr., USAF, Chief, Counterintelligence Division, informed this investigation was conducted by Teletype, and other individuals in reports were represented by Teletype as seemed to be a reliable persons. The two individuals in reports were Lt. Colonel and Mrs. Cyrus W. Gibson.

Home:
/s/ CYRUS W. GIBSON, Major, USAF
Commanding, 96th Bombardment Sqdn.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
Day: 3 Month: May Year: 1950
2. Time of day: 8:20 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Crosby, North Dakota
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Fairly certain b. It was estimated c. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only an old document from Project Blue Book. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Partially transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: unseen clearly against light

12. The edge of the object was: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly appear and rush away? Yes No Don't know
c. Move slowly? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
--------disappeared and moved out of sight

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what:
if moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ---------
b. Color ---------

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Sketch or describe what will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

OCR output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Disappeared and moved out of sight

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what:
if moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ---------
b. Color ---------

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Sketch or describe what will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. 

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 to 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North e. South
b. Northeast f. Southwest
c. East g. West
d. Southeast h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No
(Circle One)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a cigar shaped object, yellowish in color, approximately 50-100 feet long, travelling at a very high rate of speed

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a diagram and text. The diagram shows an illustration of a compass and a sketch depicting the motion of an object observed.

The text from the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "1/2" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, where a witness has filled out a questionnaire about their sighting of a UFO or similar object.

Transcribed Text:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES No
31.2 Please list their names.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME First Name Last Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 10 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not contain any photograph. The page is a questionnaire or form with questions, but the space for responses is blank.

As an OCR system, the text contained in the document is:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:      Day      Month      Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter dated 17 March 1957 from the Department of the Air Force to an individual in Crosby, North Dakota regarding a UFO observation report.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFOSR)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

CITY OF: TDST/UFO
SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 30 Jan 57
TO: Crosby, North Dakota 58730

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached Form 14c and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MARANTT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems
1 Atch
PTD Form 14c w/envelope

- page 12 -

