The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from the Project Blue Book record, which is a report of a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. GROUP
2. NEWBURGH, N.Y.
3. LOCATION
NEWBURGH, N.Y.
10. CONCLUSION
ASTRA (CONCLUSION) PART OF - DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15-25 MINUTES
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Visual
7. COURSE
Stationary
8. MANEUVERS (STATIONARY)
Stationary
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was a silver oblong, about the size of a silver dollar, low in the sky over the horizon. It was motionless and visible for about 15 to 25 minutes, during which time it was observed by several persons. The object was partially obscured by trees, but was seen to be lit up on the underside and had a dark upper portion. The light on the underside was bright enough to light up the surrounding area like moonlight. The object remained stationary and then disappeared abruptly and instantaneously. Object became motionless and then disappeared.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old project Blue Book report, specifically a UFO sighting report form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement or opinion expressed in this questionnaire unless you indicate that it may. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2. Aug 1957 

2. Time of day: 10:00 Minutes a.m.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Marlboro, Orange Co., New York (State & County)

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By Clock

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes 

6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. DAY: b. Bright c. Partly cloudy
b. NIGHT: b. Partly cloudy c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your left e. Behind you 

FTD FORM 52 164 This form supersedes PID 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a form that has various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object at night, including questions about the appearance of the object, its behavior, and the weather conditions at the time.

Output of the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
1. None
2. A few
3. Many
4. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
1. Bright moonlight
2. Dull moonlight
3. No moonlight - pitch dark
4. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Slightly overcast
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared to be a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: [Handwritten text]

12. The shape of the object was: 
(Circle One): 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know 
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

The image contains a handwritten document with a sketch drawing, but no photograph. 

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Suddenly at great speed

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color Bright white, like a bulge, pulsing or flashing

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was drifting or moving.

The sketch contains a drawing of the observed object, along with additional notes describing its appearance and behavior.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2,500 FT, directly WEST

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One) a. In the business section of a city?
a. Inside a building FIRST b. In the residential section of a city? Newburgh, N.Y.
b. In a car c. In open countryside?
c. Outdoors d. Never on surface?
d. On an operation e. Flying over a city?
e. At sea f. Flying over open country?
f. Other g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North e. South
b. Northeast f. Southwest
c. East g. West
d. Southeast h. Northwest
24.2 How far were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

(d) Binoculars (Yes) No
f. Telescope (Yes) No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Object resembling a long cylindrical container with a cluster of 4 or 5 Lights at the top, slowly moving along at an altitude of around 2,500 ft. directly west.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and illustrations related to a UFO report. The diagram shows a compass and instructions for estimating the height of an object above the horizon and its position relative to the compass.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book with a questionnaire filled out.

Transcribed text:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
(Redacted) Newburgh, Orange Co.
New York, 12550

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME (Redacted)
ADDRESS (Redacted) Newburgh, Orange Co.
New York, 12550
TELEPHONE NUMBER (Redacted)
AGE 50  SEX Female
I have had unusual (unnatural) 50 yrs of age for observing and appare(nt) at an unusual hour of striking observation (stated)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
3. 6       1. 27             1. 57
Day      Month        Year
Eight parties, including authorities, were notifying and investigating, Navy.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with a printed form and handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7-22-1971
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire as a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Seems to feel that we seek the publicity. We have gone to only the U.S. Air Force Reporting with this case, and obtained was not a fair, open, factual, investigation as we had requested. We felt that is shown to what. We wish I did state to help this office further in your future and we know for sure that any further information to be furnished.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

OCR Output:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT/UFO                                                       14 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 20 Mar 67

TO: Mr. & Mrs.         
Newburgh, New York 12550

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided has been reviewed. Request you complete the attached USAF Form 164 and return it to this Headquarters for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems
1 Atch
USAF Form 164

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: The object was shaped like a toy top, after it turned, it was cigar shaped.
2. Size compared to a known object: The object was described as being very large, approximately 200-300 feet.
3. Color: Silver-White, extremely bright.
4. Number: One
5. Formation, if more than one: N/A
6. Any discernible features or details: Described as having an antenna structure on top, a dark spot in the center.
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
8. Sound; if heard, describe sound: None.
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: Bright, white shafts of light on either side of dark spot. Object was very bright red on the bottom.

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Husband when outside to check temperature and saw bright, large object. He called his wife and daughter.
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: Same area as where first observed.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: Not provided.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a textual description of a UFO sighting.

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Object was reported to make a sharp left turn to a west direction staying in the same relative position.
5. How did the object(s) disappear: The object became motionless and then disappeared instantaneously.
6. How long (were) the object(s) visible: 15 to 25 minutes.
C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground - visual
2. Optical Aids: 7x50 binoculars.
3. N/A
D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time -date group of sighting: 01302, 20 March 1967
2. Light conditions: Night
E. Location of Observer(s):
Town of Newburgh, one mile East of Stewart AFB, NY
F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Civilian
2. Name: Mrs. ___ (husband) ___ (daughter)
3. Age: 50 67 18
4. Mailing Address: ___ Newburgh, New York 12550
5. Occupation: Housewife
6. Estimate of Reliability: Reliable in that they say something. The actual time and duration may not be reliable.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) by the United States Air Force.

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions:
2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:
01302/30 March 1967
0/8 18/01 24/4 3054
Det 11, 12th Weather Squadron (MAG), Stewart AFB, NY

3. Ceiling: None
4. Visibility: 8 miles
5. Amount of cloud cover: None
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None
7. Vertical temperature gradient: Definite temperature inversion at 6000/8000 feet.
H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: None
I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon release in the area which might reasonably account for the sighting: There was operation reports no traffic or balloon REASON or KNGON reports no traffic.

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer: John F. Brooks, Captain.

With the existing information, I cannot make a judgement on what these people saw. Their home is nearby under the final approach for Runway 27 at Stewart AFB and their descriptions sound like aircraft in a landing configuration with landing lights on. The family is convinced that they did not see an aircraft and there was no time and duration is questionable. If it is unreliable, then a landing aircraft becomes a possibility.

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: Attached is a narrative written by daughter of blank also included are her drawings.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document page containing handwritten text.

Transcribed text:
Beginning March 11, 1947
Carlos B.
The scrap Book of the Unidentified Flying Object
Newburgh, New York

- page 14 -

The image contains several sketches of unidentified flying objects, including elongated shapes and circular objects. The text below the image provides a detailed description of the observed phenomena, including the date, time, and location (Newburgh, New York).

Time: 8:00 pm
on this day of march 19, 1947 at 8:00 pm.
sunday night. object appeared to be a pinkish-white color, slightly luminous. it had a round white center, and a red tail and on the left side - red lights. on the right side - white + red lights. second appearance - shape was a white + red flatter shape in the middle. it seemed to be traveling at a rapid speed, and was sighted only for a few seconds as it passed over and disappeared. the witness states that the object made no sound and had no visible means of propulsion.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

E U F O

- page 16 -

