The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT BI ULK BOCK RECORD
1. DATE T:I!:JLGROUP 2. LOCATION
27 FUB 55 ROCKINGHAM, N.C.
3. SOURCE 10. CONCLUSION
CIVILIAN (PHOTO NOT) - CONCLUSING PART
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
1 Observer was a outside who he observes object coming toward him. The object was first circular in shape but as it came aweayed, it appeared to float at a distance.
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 MINUTES
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
VISUAL
7. COURSE
ERRATIC
8. PHOTOS
NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
NO

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing instructions and questions related to an unidentified flying object sighting.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
2-28-50 at Lexington, Missouri

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes / No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes / No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
(Redacted)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: (Redacted)
ADDRESS: (Redacted)
TELEPHONE NUMBER: (Redacted)
AGE: 55
SEX: F
(Redacted additional information)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: 2-28-50
Month:
Year: 1950

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a photograph, though it does not contain any visible objects or UFOs. The image shows a blank, empty sky with some faint lines or markings that appear to be scratches or damage to the photograph. There is no text or other information visible in the image.

TRANSCRIPT OF TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

NONE

The document provided does not contain any text that can be transcribed. The image shows a blank, empty sky with some faint lines or markings, but there is no textual content visible in the image.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a blank page with some black marks in the top portion.

Output from OCR:

Page 8

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter dated May 29, 1967.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Dear Sir,

Recently I sent you three negatives and two prints of a U.F.O. that I observed on March 13, 1967. I am certain it is as it was well worth send me my negatives and prints if possible. The negatives just send time no prints. If I may be so bold to ask you would you make only print singles by inches, and return to me as soon as possible.
Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]
Lexington, Missouri

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a document page that appears to be from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

SAFOTCC/FS CASEY/VAN/700979/7 MAY 67

A REPORT ON THE ANALYSIS OF AN ALLEGED UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT (UFO)

This report discusses the analysis of a photographic negative submitted in relation to an alleged UFO sighting. The report provides details on the characteristics of the object observed in the photograph, including its size, shape, and lighting, as well as the results of the photographic analysis.

CONCLUSIONS:
1. The object is of an unknown nature.
2. The object appears to be approximately 10 feet in length.
3. The object has a cylindrical shape with pointed ends.
4. The object emits light from the rear.
5. Filters used.

PLEASE REFER YOUR PERSONNEL TO THE AIR FORCE.
Sincerely,
G. F. TERRY, LTC
OFFICE OF INFORMATION
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE

- page 7 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a text-based document that describes the contents of the case file, which includes "two (2) 5x8, b&w photos" and "two (2) 5x10, b&w photos".

This case includes:
two (2) 5x8, b&w photos
two (2) 5x10, b&w photos
two (2) 5x10, b&w photos

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, likely a UFO report, with handwritten text.

The handwritten text on the page states:

Wave 3     5 175 Made

Lexington, Mo 
12 March 1967

- page 9 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a UFO sighting. The photograph shows a dark, elliptical object in the sky above a silhouetted building or structure.

OCR Text:
There is no additional text visible in the provided image besides the image itself.

- page 10 -

The image appears to show a black and white photograph of what seems to be a UFO or unidentified flying object in the sky above a landscape with trees in the foreground.

Project Blue Book
Lexington, Missouri
xxxx-xx-7471144

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a letter from Lt. Colonel Barnett B. Young of the U.S. Air Force Community Relations Division.

The text of the letter is as follows:

AUG 1 1967

Dear [redacted],

Reference your observation of March 12, 1967, and subsequent photographs of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Photographic analysis revealed that a certain amount of vertical distortion was present in the original "negative" or image of this object in the foreground. The vertical panning suggests that the object was sliding or falling and not hovering across the sky. The photography also indicates that the object was between the house and the observer, signifying that the object is much smaller than the fifteen or twenty feet in diameter reported in your observation.

We are including all of your negatives and prints along with an additional print of each negative.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

BARNETT B. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments:
Location: Lexington, Missouri 64067
SAFO-OIC

- page 12 -

The image appears to be a photograph containing a silhouetted object hovering above a landscape. The object appears to be oval or elliptical in shape. No other details are discernible in the low-quality image.

UNCLASSIFIED FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AF69

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

1. Date film received: 20 November 1953
2. Location: Lexington, Missouri
3. Date of Sighting: 7 June 1953
4. Time of Sighting: 7:45 p.m. Central Daylight Time
5. Duration of Sighting: 30 seconds
6. Weather Conditions: Clear and calm
7. Description of Object: The object appeared to be a bright, shiny, elliptical-shaped object which moved in a straight line at high speed.
8. Number of Objects: One
9. Course of Object: Straight line, south to north.
10. Altitude of Object: Estimated at 3,000 feet.
11. Angle of Elevation: 45-50 degrees.
12. Speed of Object: Extremely fast, estimated at 1,000 mph.
13. Aircraft Identification: None
14. Ground Marking: None
15. Witnesses: 5 adult witnesses

- page 13 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be a black and white aerial or satellite image. The photograph shows a portion of the Earth's surface, with some dark, irregular shapes that may represent landforms or terrain features. The image is labeled "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" and is classified as "UNCLASSIFIED".

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 14 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a UFO or unidentified aerial object in the sky above a landscape. The object is oval-shaped and stands out against the cloudy sky. In the lower part of the image, there is a silhouette of a rooftop or building in the foreground.

OUTPUT OF TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 15 -

The image contains a photograph of 2 black and white prints and 1 negative, which are described as poor quality. The document appears to be a Project Blue Book report on an unidentified flying object sighting in Lexington, Missouri, dated March 12, 1967. The report discusses the analysis of the subject photography, which indicates a certain amount of vertical banding that is evidenced in the imagery. However, the report concludes that the photography is not genuine.

Transcription of the text in the document:

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION: LEXINGTON, MISSOURI 
DATE: 12 MARCH 1967

PHOTOGRAPHY
IF ______ IR _______ QUALITY: POOR

1. PURPOSE: This report is in answer to Work Order Number 57-65 submitted by Major Quintanilla (ADEPT) requesting an analysis of subject photography to determine the identity of a "flying" object.

2. ANALYSIS: A certain amount of vertical banding is evidenced in the photography. This is common with close-in photography in poor light. The vertical banding suggests that the object was stationary and not "flying" across the sky as the source document indicates. This banding, together with the overall poor quality of the photography, leads this analyst to conclude that the object was not an "unidentified flying object" but rather some other phenomenon.

3. CONCLUSIONS: Based on the foregoing observations, it would appear that the photography is not genuine insofar as it would represent an "unidentified flying object" as the source document is concerned.

TYPED ANALYSIS BY: 
THOMAS W. DAVIS
Intelligence Research Specialist

APPROVED BY:
GEORGE C. MONTEITH, Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Dear Major

I have some very interesting data of an object that I lost around 12-15-63 about five minutes after a fire in the afternoon. The object was hovering above the trees and was about as big as a basketball and was about 10 feet above the ground. It was a glowing green and was going to the southeast. It was moving a lot and I was manning to the southeast. It was soming very fast and seemed to be about 20 feet long. I did not get my camera. The day off you are not interesting because the recorder's react did not come in the stone.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of an old document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

Type of object: Unspecified
Brand name: Unspecified
Location: Lexington, Missouri
Date: Unspecified
Radar film: Unspecified
Magnetic film: Unspecified
Visual sighting: Unspecified
Additional details: Unspecified

- page 18 -

This page from the Project Blue Book report does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or form for gathering information about unidentified aerial phenomena.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be used in connection with any further investigations, analyses, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? March 2, 1957 Day Month Year

2. Time of day: 10:47 Hour Minute (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific 
   (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Redacted Nearest Postal Address City or Town Redacted State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 21:15 Minutes Seconds 
   a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimated due to clock observance

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy 
   NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
   (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 22 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 19 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, consisting of a questionnaire with various questions and multiple-choice options for the observer to fill out.

OCR output:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Change direction? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 20 -

Based on the image, there is no photograph or image present. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which contains a questionnaire with various questions and spaces for responses.

The text from the questionnaire is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
<blank response>

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the hand of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
<blank response>

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
<hand-drawn sketches of two UFO shapes>

- page 21 -

This page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document does not contain any photographs. 

Text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About a hundred ft

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES NO
b. Sun glasses YES NO
c. Windshield YES NO
d. Window glass YES NO
e. Binoculars YES NO
f. Telescope YES NO 
g. Theodolite YES NO
h. Others

26. In order that you can a picture of what you say, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
it appeared to be a round or oval sphere, with no visible means of propulsion, and moving silently at a high rate of speed. it appeared to be reflecting the sun's rays as it moved across the sky.

- page 22 -

