The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, consisting primarily of text with various fields and labels.

10. CONCLUSION
Pen. Belton - Sun set no it?

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Subject of report was a light in the object was a bright spot. Object in side to side motion at varying speeds, possibly came to a sudden stop.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report. I will now proceed to extract the text from the image:

"We had to dom and completely disappear a few seconds. We had a bright appearing, and my father, and I, watching said he saw what appeared to be at least three solid fragments and some smoke where the object disappeared shortly after it disappeared. I chased the time of an accurately set electric light switch, but disappeared about 3 to .10 (pius or minus 15 minutes for human error). We saw nothing more of the object. We think the object was probably a rocket or satellite of some kind, but wonder why it went so slowly and then disappeared."

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

McMinnville, Tenn. 37110
June 7, 1967

Project Blue Book Information Office
Suitland, Washington, D.C. 20390

Dear Sirs:

Yesterday my Father and I witnessed a phenomenon in the sky slightly after 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday, May 31, 1967, just outside McMinnville, Tenn. My father is a photographer and he immediately took several pictures of this object which hovered very low over a field near our farm.

The object appeared to be approximately 40 to 50 feet in diameter, disc-shaped, with a dome on top. Its color appeared to be a metallic silver. It did not have any visible means of propulsion, but was moving, swaying, and somewhat toward the south. It only remained in view for approximately 2 to 3 minutes. Had it gone on it would have passed somewhat north of a planet which was visible at the time.

My Father and I returned home immediately and watched it through field glasses, though he saw some reddish color on it. I would appreciate any information you could provide regarding this sighting. Would you also let me know if there was any other sightings in this vicinity that you have on record?

Also, if possible, may I have a copy of the photographs my Father took? At approximately 11:25 p.m. (plus or minus 15 minutes) the light suddenly disappeared, as if turned off. However, my father continued taking pictures for several minutes, as he said he saw that it looked "like at least three portholes or openings in the object."

These things disappeared within approximately 10 minutes.

I would appreciate any information Project Blue Book or some other appropriate agency in the Eastern U.S. could provide regarding this sighting.

Yours truly,

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be two celestial bodies, labeled as "Jupiter" and "Venus". The object labeled as "Jupiter" is depicted as disappearing or "Disappeared", while the object labeled as "Venus" is described as an "Unidentified object".

Jupiter
Disappeared
Venus
Unidentified object

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDDT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 24 May 1967

TO: McMinnville, Tennessee 37110

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided has been evaluated and can provide no identification for the observation. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

GEORGE G. MARAN, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified flying phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any published information unless you specifically request that it be used and you authorize such use. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 24 May 1950
2. Time of day: 7:30 P.M. (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? McMinnville, Tennessee
5. How long was object in sight? (Test Duration) Hours 10 Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was it a sight determined? Yes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day b. Night c. Twilight d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

OCR output:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified flying phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any published information unless you specifically request that it be used and you authorize such use. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 24 May 1950
2. Time of day: 7:30 P.M. (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? McMinnville, Tennessee
5. How long was object in sight? (Test Duration) Hours 10 Minutes Seconds 
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was it a sight determined? Yes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day b. Night c. Twilight d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire filled out regarding the sighting of an unidentified object.

Nearly as bright as nearly Venus

8. IF you saw the object at night, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. STARS (Circle One): 
a. Brighter than usual
b. Dimmer
c. Fewer
d. More
e. Don't remember

b. MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Faint moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow  
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Vaporous
c. Bluish
d. Don't remember
e. Other

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and then slow down at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Change brightness at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off sparks? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape or color? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object make a sound behind something or start time, accountable to wind? 
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particular a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what was in front of it.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: Were
b. Color, possibly changing reddish at times.

18. We wish to know the angular size, size of a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and how much of the object was covered by the match head.
As much as I can say about the object would be that it seemed to be encircled by the match head which is much bigger at arm's length than the object itself.

19. Draw a simple sketch (if will show the shape of the object or objects). Please indicate on the sketch any details of the object that were mentioned in your report, such as exhaust trails or vapor trails.

South   North
         
         Western  Sky

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a series of questions and answer choices for the witness to fill out.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (daytime) 
d. Outdoors (nighttime)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Where you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? __ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A planet such as Jupiter, moving, or a satellite moving extremely slowly.

- page 9 -

The image contains a compass-like illustration and a sketch with a curved line and various angular measurements, but no photograph.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw this object.
30. 
28. Here is a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

South
Planet Venus
North

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a sketch of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give details and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
312 Please give their names and addresses.

ADDRESS NA McMInnvllle
TELEPHONE NUMBER
I have had a strange thing happen to my father, I have written to my father and he has warned many other relatives.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object? Project BLUE BOOK 
SA FORT DAVIS, Tex. 76530 Jun 1967 Wash. D.C. 20330

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5-13-77 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire is as narrative explanation of your sighting:

Shortly after 8 P.M. on the date mentioned, my father and I began watching the western sky. We noticed several [brightly] lighted objects which appeared to be moving in an irregular pattern. These objects would become larger and smaller in size, and the western sky was still rather bright. Only the planets Venus and Jupiter were visible in the west, along with the object(s). We watched these objects for approximately 10 to 15 minutes. At times they appeared to be maneuvering, moving rapidly up and down, and darting about in seemingly unnatural motions. I had the impression that it was moving, not just "being moved", toward and away from our position at a rapid rate of speed. It continued in an apparent erratic course, moving up, down, and from side to side, rather than in a straight line. When it would seemingly disappear, it would reappear almost instantly at another point in the sky. We could not hear any sound associated with the object(s). The experience was so unusual that it remained in our minds as an unsolved puzzle, which we discussed at length. It appeared to be a solid, metallic object, reflecting light, and would have passed for a very large jet at great distance but for the odd, jerky motions it displayed. I feel that it was definitely not an aircraft or any known celestial body.

- page 12 -

