The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a report form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10579 RECORD
2. LOCATION
10. CONCLUSION
Possible explanation.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was observed for a short time and was lost. Cannot say with a great degree of certainty what the object was. Conventional aerial phenomena could have been the object as the object was not seen clearly enough to determine its true nature.
7. COLOR
8. PHOTOS
( ) Yes
( ) No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
( ) Yes
( ) No

- page 1 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs, only a typed form with questions and checkboxes. 

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 12 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or illustration. The sketch shows a horizon line with various angle measurements and a compass rose.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

27. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, likely a report or questionnaire related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Transcription of the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or location. 
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF YES, list their names and addresses:
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
Yes No

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS NAUVOO, ILLINOIS
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 12 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
JUNE 19, 1969

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, possibly a questionnaire or report related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: JUNE 1964 Year.

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter addressed to "Dear Gentlemen" dated June 2, 1949.

The text of the letter is as follows:

Dear Gentlemen:

We are writing an order to obtain information on sightings of U.F.O.'s. We are interested in other reports about them and would appreciate any information you can give us. We believe we have seen some and would like to report it.

Yours truly,
[Name redacted]

- page 6 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a sketched UFO or unidentified aerial object. The object is depicted as a disc-shaped craft with a dome on top.

"Is a freind of mine, the said, He saw a picture of what he said
he saw and all about a picture of what d said, well this
separately,"

- page 7 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO or unidentified flying object. The sketch shows an oval-shaped object with what appears to be a circular window or porthole on the side, as well as a smaller object below it. The text "Bobo" is written above the sketch.

Transcription of text from the document:

(No text found)

- page 8 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO sighting or observation. The sketch depicts several circular objects in the sky, along with a description of the sighting. However, there is no actual photograph present in this image.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Radad Y.
SOME OTHER UFOS WE SEEN
MORE

We look pictures of these but it hasn't been developed yet. We will send it as soon as possible.

They were moveing with a very high speed.
---------
Sky at night

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TSD/UTO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation

TO: NAUVOO, ILLINOIS 62354

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have recorded is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID Form 164 and return it to us.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PID Form 164 w/envelope

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?: SUNDAY, 1-9-57
2. Time of day: 9:00 AM or (Circle One): P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?: NAUVOO, ILLINOIS
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined?: BY A WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?: Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky?: (Circle One): a. Clear b. Bright c. Partly Cloudy d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?: (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

Extracted text:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. Less
c. No change
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moon
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some specific object: Shiny paperclip

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke or a trail? Yes No Don't know
e. Change in size? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 12 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch, which appears to depict a spacecraft, along with some text that describes the object's movement and characteristics. The text indicates that the object was seen moving behind a tree or other obstruction.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:  IT MOVED BEHIND A TREE.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Sounded LIKE BEES
b. Color Metallic RED

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the objects that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially note any vapor trails. 
Place an arrow outside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

SPACECRAFT SENTER
ABOUT ONE HUNDRED FEET IN DIAMETER
DRAFT: RAIN WHAT THIS WAS

- page 13 -

