The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project 10073 record, which is likely a form or document related to UFO investigations conducted under Project Blue Book. The text on the form provides details about the case, including the location, conclusion, and a brief summary and analysis.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. D.A ___ GROUP 2. LOCATION PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA
3. DATE / HOUR 04/07/53 / 2345
10. CONCLUSION AIRCRAFT
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
THIS CASE FILE

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea 
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing an illustrated sketch and handwritten text.

The text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the shift.

90°  |  75°
  |
60°
  |
45°
   | 30°
     |  15°
       |   0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or times and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
I had not noticed any particular strange object at the time. My wife and I were at home that night.  However, later after the sighting I have wondered if we did see the object briefly without knowing at the time what we were seeing.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] 
AGE: 35
SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
1917
Day Month Year
Officer [REDACTED], A/C Chief, [REDACTED]
To whom reported

- page 4 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 4-5 Day 4 Month Year 57

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

A peculiar incident occurred in the early part of the morning hours of April 9, 1957, when I was awakened by a brilliant light shining through my bedroom window. Upon investigation, I observed a brilliant bluish-white light hovering over a pasture in the distance, approximately a quarter to half a mile away. The light seemed to be about the size of a small automobile and was hovering silently about 30 to 40 feet above the ground. It remained stationary for several minutes, then suddenly darted away at a very high rate of speed, making an abrupt 90-degree turn and disappearing from sight in a matter of seconds. The following morning, I went to the area where I had seen the light and found that the grass in a circular area about 30 feet in diameter was flattened, as if something heavy had been resting there.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document or report.

PRODUCED TEXT FROM OCR:

I am enclosing herewith a copy of a report which has been turned over to me by Mr. _________________, of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, concerning his observations of a strange aerial object which he claims to have sighted over Pittsburg, Pa., on April 7, 1959.

Mr. _________________'s report is essentially as follows:

At approximately 8:50 P.M. on the evening of April 7, 1959, the witness was standing near the rear of his home at 7________ Street, Pittsburgh, Pa., looking northward. He noticed a bright object high in the sky which appeared to be moving slowly. He observed the object for several minutes and noted that it seemed to change colors from white to red and back again. The object was silhouetted against the night sky and appeared to be elliptical in shape. It moved in a straight line for a time, then suddenly accelerated and disappeared from view. The witness states that he has no explanation for what he saw and that he has never before observed anything like it.

The report is of interest inasmuch as it is one of a number of reports received by this office concerning strange aerial objects sighted over the Pittsburgh area during recent months. In the absence of any conclusive proof or scientific analysis, however, this office can make no definite determination as to the nature or origin of the object described. The report is being filed as part of the records of Project Blue Book for such future reference as may be warranted.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433 

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:

TDSYT/UFO 			3 APRIL 1967

SUBJECT: UFO OBSERVATION: 2 APRIL 1967

TO:
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15239

Reference your unidentified observation: The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it to the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

"MEMO FOR THE RECORD:

Observed saw an illumining colored object with bright red lights. The object was not making any sound when the witness could travel. It looked to be about 700-800 feet high and was about 200 feet in diameter. There was a craft on top and the witness could tell that the object looked like a saucer. The witness heard no sound at all during the observation. The witnesses name is as follows:

Pittsburg, Pa."

- page 8 -

The image contains a photograph or illustration of a "flying saucer from Mars" that was reportedly discovered. The text describes the characteristics of this object, including its wingspan, speed, altitude, and illumination. There are no human faces visible in the image.

The full text transcribed from the document is as follows:

FLYING SAUCER FROM MARS DISCOVERED

An on-the-spot Institute investigation recently verified the existence of a "flying saucer from Mars," which has accounted for many UFO sightings in the Pittsburgh area. The object is a Citabria Champion advertising plane flown by Fred Eller, Connellsville Airport, and bears the above quoted inscription with the qualification "MA," in small letters after "Mars." Mr. Eller owns AAA Sky Adds, Inc.

The wingspan of the Citabria ("airbatic" spelled backwards) is 36-1/2 feet. It usually flies at an altitude of about 1,000 feet, around 70 mph, and can stay aloft over five hours. Mounted below the wings is a framework of wires to which are soldered 7 rows of 36 GM1 bulbs, the size of a flashlight bulb. A heavy tape with holes punched in it is used to spell out a message, runs through a machine inside the plane which makes the bulbs light up in a certain sequence, to make the message move across the lights. An air siren mounted below the plane is sometimes used to attract attention.

In a strong headwind, at an airspeed of 30 mph, the Citabria can appear to be standing still. Seen on edge, its lights, moving from one side to another, can give the appearance of a flattish object with a row of lights around the rim. The engine of the plane is inaudible at a distance from which the moving lights can be easily seen; thus, many people to contend that this silent, disc-shaped object with a rotating rim covered by equally-spaced lights. When the plane is flying directly toward or away from the observer, especially in a misty atmosphere, its appearance can be quite eerie. It can, as several reports have stated, definitely "not resemble any conventional aircraft!"

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a document or report. The text on the image reads:

"TDPT: Lt Col Smith

Request surface wind direction and velocity for Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, April 1967, 2000 hours, EST.

TDPT (UFO) Lt Mareno 23 Apr 69 

70916"

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force's Environmental Technical Applications Center (ETAC).

The text in the document reads:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
ENVIRONMENTAL TECHNICAL APPLICATIONS CENTER (ETAC)
REPLY TO
ATTN OF: STAG/SAD (59922D/SSgt Jandura)   7 May 66
SUBJECT: Request for Weather Data
TO: FTD (CPTR-4)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, Ohio 45433

1. Surface wind data required to complete the evaluation of a reported
UFO sighting at Pittsburgh, Penna on 7 April 1967 at 2030 hours, was not
available; however, as a possible aid to your evaluation, the following
surface wind data is enclosed.

2. Data sources were the ETAC surface history files.

FOR THE COMMANDER
JOHN T. McCABE, Colonel, USAF
Chief, Environmental Applications Div.

- page 11 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report detailing an investigation into a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

The puzzling thing about the entire case is how Mr. ---- came into possession of the rather remarkable color polaroid photographic prints. What were the circumstances under which the photographs were taken, and how were they contoured? Somebody sent to a fair amount of trouble, but why? I questioned both the sheriff and asked the reporters to find out also, whether Mr. ---- was ever known to have bought photographic supplies in the local stores, and whether he knew anything about photography himself. The reply to this as far as could be determined, was negative - he had not. This is very interesting, but it should not be interpreted as a determined attempt to add significance to what might otherwise be a psychology master's degree thesis!

It should be pointed out that the "sighting" was by no means the only case reported in that area. There follow copies of a space of reports, apparently all through the year, and as late as November 1967, when somewhat similar luminous body sighting. "It was big enough to have a car in," mentioned by one of the witnesses.

I believe there is a moral to be drawn from the wellknown Air Force Project Blue Book cases, and here a typical investigation on this case. From very early in the examination and study of this case, we had a lot of later trouble could have been saved. We still don't know how the pictures came into being.

21. 2 April 1967, Shively, Kentucky.
The evaluation "possible aircraft" seems okay. The sighting fits a pattern of the unusual, but we do not know how much the young boys "read into" what might have been a perfectly ordinary sighting. They are familiar with the UFO literature, and could have given a highly preferential interpretation to their sighting. The sighting was of short duration, only 20 seconds or less, hardly enough time to make a cold appraisal at a time of high excitement. Proper investigation at the local level could have easily determined how much of this was interpretation and how much was fact.

22. 14 April 1967, Pit-tsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The evaluation "aircraft" on this is ludicrous, if any credence whatever is given to the sanity and reliability of the observer. If it was an aircraft, then it created in the mind of the observer an entire fantasy, because as the observer stated, "there is no object I've ever seen similar to this object I saw." Or could even compare to it."

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. I will now transcribe the text from the document:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 10

Statement, included at Blue Book, to the effect that the "object" was not moving to except when the witness would travel in the car" is absolutely incorrect, if the witness is to be believed at all. Witness stated that the object suddenly speeded up and "when it was approaching me it had only vibrant red light that was visible". There is nothing I know of, or that I've ever seen with red lights that were as "brilliant" as Brilliantly.

Finally, witness became frightened because object appeared so close directly over her car and yet there was no sound at all. Unless one is willing to call this an absolute hallucination, and that there was no physical conflict present whatever, the conclusion "aircraft" simply won't hold up.

This case is an extremely interesting for me to interview the witnesses, as there were two rather than one as stated. They were independent and talked about it only after each had seen it separately.

I will make this personal investigation and report later.

23. 3 April 1967, Roseville, Michigan.
I would agree with the evaluation of possible birds, but suppose to be fair we should also add: possible unidentified data insufficient, no followup) The card indicates one object, and the report, however, clearly indicates that 10 to 12 lights were observed flying in V formation. This actually strengthens the "possible birds" evaluation.

24. 4 April 1967, Wheeling, W. Virginia. 
This is not in my files.

25. 5 April 1967, Westminister, Colorado
I suppose the entirely correct, but the data itself is interesting in that there were 13 witnesses. Here is one case the Gordon Committee should have looked into since there was sight at their backs diur. Also the object was visible for 15 minutes, and it was observed through a telescope. As a matter of fact, when I am in Boulder this July I will look into it myself, but for the statistics, the evaluation "insufficient data" certainly holds.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be connected with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? March 24, 1969
2. Time of day: 7 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. What was the direction of the object? [Redacted]
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. Behind you d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As per your request, I will now act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds  

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor
d. As a light, / point
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text not legible]

12. The size of the object was: (Circle One): 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flicker or blink? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 15 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text and a series of questions related to the observation of a UFO.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
it just seemed to fade away - very fast but gradual, there one minute and gone the next.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It seemed to move behind a cloud, but I'm not sure. It's hard to say for certain because it happened very quickly.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?  
(Circle One):   Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It seemed to move in front of a cloud, but I'm not sure. It's hard to say for certain because it happened very quickly.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - It made no sound at all
b. Color - Bright silver, metallic in appearance, no color changes

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match stick. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match stick?
Difficult to estimate, but it was a fairly large object, maybe 30-40 feet across.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.
[Hand-drawn sketch shown]

- page 16 -

