The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The text on the page is as follows:

NAME OF OBSERVER

DATE OF OBSERVATION

LOCATION

DESCRIPTION OF OBSERVATION

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS

SEE COMMENT SHEET

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a handwritten document. 

Dear Major Quintanilla:
I write this letter to tell you of one of my experiences with U.F.O.'s. As you know, I could not report this at the time as my friends and their mother was standing beside me. About a month earlier we had organized a party, the details of which I shall fill you in on.
One night, we were sitting outdoors late at night and were watching as a light appeared which seemed to be hovering at a high altitude and its moving was very fast. It would hover or appear to be stationary for a few seconds and then dart off at tremendous speeds only to reappear at another place some distance away. This went on for some time and then it disappeared. We were all amazed at what we had seen and discussed it at length afterwards. However, no one said anything about it at the time as we thought we might be ridiculed.
I am now coming forward with this report in the hopes that it may be of some value to you and your work.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely a page from a Project Blue Book report.

a man-driven jet about 500 feet entered the northeast quadrant of the city traveled parallel two miles and turned around they did not attempt contact with me and nothing more they rose as if on elevator slowly disappeared in the direction from which they had appeared the f.c.o. which could only be seen as a tiny speck in the sky was gone in a flash could not be seen after passing zenith stopped watching after 1947 and do not recall any more information on this case

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document about a UFO observation.

TDZR (UFO) Maj QUINTANILLA/70916/mha/29 Nov 67
UFO Observation, August 5, 1967
New York, New York 10031
This replies to your letter of November 15 on unidentified flying
objects (UFOs). We assigned a preliminary investigation of your sighting
and will file your letter for information purposes. At this time
there is insufficient information to indicate that a definite identification
can be made. This office will continue to evaluation your report as soon as possible. This enables
Air Force officials to perform a comprehensive investigation.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Directorate of Science and Applications
Production Reprocessing Division

- page 4 -

