The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a project conducted by the United States Air Force to collect and investigate reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
2. LOCATION: Rochester, New York
10. CONCLUSION: Sighting: (INSUFFICIENT DATA)
Objects: (INSUFFICIENT DATA)
The case was not submitted until July 17, 67 at which time the original report was not submitted.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
The observer sighted a large yellowish-white object that looked like an inverted soup bowl. The object traveled NE and disappeared over the horizon.
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page from an old UFO report document. 

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
went the horizon

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Metallic 
b. Color red luminous

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 
A quarter of the UFO

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

North-west

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? __ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No c. Binoculars Yes No e. Theodolite Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No d. Window glass Yes No f. Telescope Yes No  
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. A disc would do.

- page 3 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document featuring sketches and instructions related to observing and reporting UFO sightings.

TEXT OUTPUT:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown: Place or "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90*      75*      60*
                  |
                  |
         45*      |
         |        |
      30*        |
      |          |
     15*         |
     |           |
    0*           |
                Radius             
                of the UFO

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 25 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Redacted]

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically page 7.

Text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 June 1967
35. Information which you feel pertains to your sighting and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document with text describing photographic data related to a project.

PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA
1. Type and make of camera General Electric II
2. Type, focal length, and make of lens 1?2
3. Brand and type of film Kodak 127 black & white 
4. Shutter speed used No
5. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop No
6. Filters used No
7. Was tripod or solid stand used No
8. Was "panning" used No
9. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the ground N.W.
10. If supplemental information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutter speed readings of the camera.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document from Project Bluebook, the United States Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects. The text states that a photograph was taken in Rochester, New York on February 24, 1966 with an inexpensive camera using 127 size black and white film, but the letter indicates that the photograph is not the result of mistaken observation or natural phenomena.

Project Bluebook
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

A photograph was taken in Rochester, New York, at 8:45 p.m., February 24, 1966 with an inexpensive camera using size 127, black and white film. I am submitting it to you for evaluation.

Being the photographer, I can assure you that the photo is not a hoax, and, that the incident recorded is undoubtedly an unusual natural phenomena. Accompanying me when the photo was taken were Mr. Ron and Mrs. Evelyn H. of Rochester, N.Y.

Thank you for your cooperation.

Very truly,
Rochester, New York 14613

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that mentions "This case includes Four (4) 4x5, B & W photos", but no actual photographs are present in this particular image.

This case includes
Four (4) 4x5, B & W photos

- page 9 -

The image contains two photographs that appear to be part of a report or document from the Foreign Technology Division of the United States Air Force.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

The text in the image reads "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC" and "UNCLASSIFIED".

- page 10 -

The image contains two black-and-white photographs. The photographs appear to be part of a document from the Foreign Technology Division of the Air Force Systems Command (AFSC). The photographs show what seem to be aerial phenomena or unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 11 -

The image contains a photograph, but it does not appear to contain any human faces. The photograph appears to show some kind of unidentified flying object observation and subsequent photography from a report related to Project Blue Book.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

TDST/UFO(Maj) Quintanilla/70916/mbe/5 Oct 67)
UFO OBSERVATION & PHOTOGRAPHS, 
Rochester, N.Y. 15 July 1966

1. Reference your recent observation and subsequent photograph
of an unidentified flying object. The negative was submitted to
Wright-Patterson AFB, Photo Lab for analysis. 
Examination revealed a far too dense image definition which precluded
positive identification. A positive print was therefore provided.
2. If the original copy negative, there-fore, it does not contain the granular structure
of the original evidence presented as actually identical specifications
in terms of determining the exact stimulus.

3. If you ever acquire another UFO as you contact the
nearest APRO. Each base has its own UFO investigator and such
a person is in a better position to conduct an on-the-spot
investigation.

JAMES C. MARANT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Negative

- page 12 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a night sky scene. There is a small, bright, circular object or light source in the center of the image. The background appears to be a dark, starry sky with some trees or other objects visible. There is no text or other identifying information visible in the image itself.

TECHNICAL ANALYSIS DIVISION
MICROFILM INSPECTION BRANCH
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph or image. It depicts a nighttime scene with what looks like a dark sky with some stars or light sources visible. There are also some indistinct shapes or objects in the foreground, possibly trees or other vegetation. The image is blurry and low-quality, making it difficult to make out any clear details.

UNCLASSIFIED
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC

- page 14 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph or visual element. It is a document titled "PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT" that appears to be part of Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads as follows:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NR 67-67
DATE OF REPORT 8 September 1957
SUBJECT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION Rochester, New York
DATE 24 February 1967
PHOTOGRAPHY
AF Kodak 127 B/W Copy Negative
IR Quality Poor
1. PURPOSE: This report is in answer to Work Order Number 67-117 submitted by Major Christerson, ADET/UF, to determine the identity of an image shown in a copy negative furnished by the Air Intelligence Information Service, New York.
2. ANALYSIS: Lack of image definition precludes identification of the "object". A reliable sensometric examination could not be made because the image is a copy negative and therefore does not contain the granular structure of the original.
PHOTO ANALYZED BY: THOMAS S. DAVIS 
Intelligence Research Specialist

APPROVED BY:
WILLIAM E. TURNER
Major, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

WILMER PRICE, JR.
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 15 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically a FTD Work Order.

The text in the document is as follows:

FTD WORK ORDER
Date Issued: 22 AUG 67

FROM:
FTD W.O. No.: 6,010,2,1,2
Month: 8
ATTACH: 1
Request Photo Analysis Be Accomplished on the Attached Negative to Determine What this Unidentified Object May Be.
24 FEBRUARY 1967 SIGHTING, ROCHESTER, NEW YORK.
REQUEST ALL MATERIAL BE RETURNED UPON COMPLETION OF ANALYSIS.

TO:
12. DDC Dir. Symbol
13. M-H Estimate
14. Monitor 
15. Phases
16. Div. Precedence
17. Div. Chief/Div. Sig.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TDET/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70916/mhs/7 Sep 67)
UFO Operation and Photograph
Rochester, New York 14613
Reference your recent correspondence concerning the status of your photograph which was submitted to our office for analysis. I regret the delays however, at times a backlog does occur and our photographic laboratory must depend on another installation for a portion of the analysis which has been submitted to the photo analysts and we should be hearing from them in a couple of weeks. We will then return your negative with our analysis.
JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter with text discussing a UFO sighting report.

August 28, 1957

Dear Sirs:

I have sent a UFO FTD Form 64 and a negative to you over four weeks ago and I have not had an answer as of yet.If you do not have the analysis of the UFO sighting done within the next few weeks I would like the negative back. If it is done please have the analysis and the negative sent tqae as soon as possible. 

I would appreciate it very much.

Sincerely,

- page 18 -

The image contains a photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

TDT/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70916/mans/1 Aug 67)
UFO Observation, February 24, 1966

Mr. Rochester, NEW YORK 14613

Reference your recent correspondence in which you mentioned your unidentified observation of February 24, 1966 and subsequent photographs. Additional information on your sighting and your original negative. Return these to me for a scientific investigation. Request that you enclose and return them with your original negatives. Upon completion of our findings, we will return your negatives along with our findings.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

2 Atchs:
1. UFO Form 14 w/envelope
2. Photo Data Sheet

- page 19 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information, likely part of a report from Project Blue Book, which investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

The text on the form is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? March 24, 1966
2. Time of day: 8:53 PM
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Redacted] City or Town, [Redacted] State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 minutes, 30 seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: c. Bright NIGHT: b. Bright Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire-style form with various questions about the observed object and its characteristics.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. Few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. He moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. As a light e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: [blank]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes NO Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes NO Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes NO Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes NO Don't know
g. Flash on and off? Yes NO Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes NO Don't know

Not assigned to stand off of guard

- page 21 -

