The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book record card. There is no photograph or image present in this particular page. 

PROJECT BLUE BOOK RECORD CARD
Witnesses: WILLIAM A BOYLE, OHIO 
DATE/TIME GROUP: 7 MAR 53 / 1835L
LOCATION: SULPHUR GROVE, OHIO
SUMMARY: 
1. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
2. DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING:
"1 white, yellow, red object"
10. COMMENTS:
"SEEMED TO BE STANDING STILL IN THE SKY"

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The filename indicates that this is page 2 of the document data/scanned/19XXs_scanned/xxxx-xx-8773634-SulphurGrove-Ohio.pdf2.txt.

The text on the page appears to be a "Tentative Observers Questionnaire" with various sections and questions related to observing unidentified flying objects. The document is divided into "SECTION A" and contains questions about the date, time, location, and other details regarding the observation of the UFO object.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The image appears to be a questionnaire or form used to gather information about a reported UFO sighting.

Page 2

4. How did you happen to notice the object?

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
   Day - Month - Year

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? 

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount of time spent on each.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes or No.
   IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions.
   7.1 What direction were you moving?
       (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
   7.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
   7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
       (Circle One): Yes or No

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text that resembles a questionnaire or interview form.

8. What direction were you facing when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

8.1 What direction were you facing when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above two questions. (5 and 9 are most certain):
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes or No U.K.

10. How was the object seen?
(Circle One): a. Through window glass b. Through windshield c. Through binoculars d. Through telescope e. Through sun glasses f. Through open space h. Other __________

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Few clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind b. Slight breeze c. Strong wind d. Don't remember

11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry b. Fog, Mist, or light rain c. Raining or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold b. Cool c. Warm d. Hot e. Don't remember

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

SECTION G

12. Estimate how long you saw the object? Hours Minutes Seconds
12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
a. Certain b. Fairly sure c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent?

14. Did the object at any time:
14.1 Change direction? (Yes) No Don't know
14.2 Change speed? (Yes) No Don't know
14.3 Change size? (Yes) No Don't know
14.4 Change color? (Yes) No Don't know
14.5 Break up into parts or explode? (Yes) No Don't know
14.6 Give off smoke? (Yes) No Don't know
14.7 Change brightness? (Yes) No Don't know
14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate? (Yes) No Don't know
14.9 Remain motionless? (Yes) No Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know
15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light?

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
16.1 Sound - _________
16.2 Color - _________

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were travelling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text.

Text from the document:

Page 5
18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know 
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Volleyball
b. Baseball
c. Basketball 
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk
f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Invisible
j. Other
19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain
20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? ___ feet or ___ miles
20.2 How far was it from you? ___ feet or ___ miles
20.3 How fast was it going? ___ miles per hour
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess
21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly
b. Gradually
c. Other
d. Don't remember

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It shows sketches and diagrams related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) report from Project Blue Book.

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

Overhead
Horizon
Your eye

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at the position when you last saw it.

Overhead
Horizon
Your eye

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a page from an old UFO report form from Project Blue Book.

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

SECTION II
26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this? (Circle One): Yes No
26.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name - First Name - Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street - City - Zone - State
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
What is your present job?
Age:
Sex:
Last School Attended:
Year of last attendance at this school:

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual depiction. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force study of unidentified flying objects.

The text on the page consists of numbered questions and response options, as well as a space for further comments. The questions are related to whether the witness saw the object alone or with others, and whether others also saw the object.

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No
29.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One): Yes or No  
29.2 Please list their names and addresses:

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important. Use additional sheets of the same size paper if necessary.

The handwritten text in the comments section appears to be a description or further details provided by the witness.

- page 9 -

