The image does not contain any photographs. Based on the text in the document, I have produced the following output:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. REPORT
2. LOCATION
10. CONCLUSION
HOAX
After receipt of observers led a 164 was sent to the witness this line map 123 was returned and their report investigated both forms were filled out by the same person.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY ANALYSIS
Observer sighted an object that was like a flying saucer. The object was first sighted coming from the south toward the north and in a northwest direction. The object appeared to be about 30 to 50 feet in diameter and traveled at an altitude of from the beach over the sea and about 300 ft to 500 ft high.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a sketch and a compass diagram. The text in the image is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR Text Output:
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
4-20-50

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Betty Poley and her aunt
in this town.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Betty Poley
ADDRESS Washington, D.C. 20016
TELEPHONE NUMBER HO. 3-3750
SEX F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Sheriff at Bethany Beach
Day Month Year
4-20-50

- page 3 -

The shared image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon that the observer had seen.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 4 6 67
2. Time of day: 3 30 minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? At a cottage on the beach
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 minutes 8 seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): b. Brighter

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: A bright light like a star.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Furry or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember
Like very bright but not flame

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes
d. Give off smoke? Yes
e. Change brightness? Yes
f. Change shape? Yes
g. Flash on and off? Yes
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes

OCR Output:
9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): b. Brighter

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: A bright light like a star.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Furry or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember
Like very bright but not flame

13. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes 
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes
d. Give off smoke? Yes
e. Change brightness? Yes
f. Change shape? Yes
g. Flash on and off? Yes
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten responses to various questions about an unidentified flying object sighting.

Transcribing the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, suddenly - I could not follow it - it vanished by going straight up so fast I could not follow it.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): 
Yes - It moved behind something. No_ Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
A dark cloud that I could not see through - I could still see the object but it was obscured by the cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes - It moved in front of. No_ Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
A dark cloud as it went out of sight.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound - just like a light tank looking steady at about 10,000 ft.
b. Color: Bright silver or white - glowing very bright. 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 
Match the 1/2 length of the object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
(Drawing provided, shows a circular or oval-shaped object.)

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? About 1,200 miles per hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 300 - 350 yds.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other Looking out of my office window

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other Yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Thin, wedge-shaped, metallic-appearing object moving swiftly through the sky near the horizon. No visible means of propulsion. Gave an impression of being under intelligent control.

20. DO you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES   NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  about 1,200 miles per hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)  YES   NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  about 300 - 350 yds.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors on opr,te
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you  
(Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other  Looking out of my office window

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? 
(Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?  miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   YES   NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    YES   NO
b. Sun glasses   YES   NO  
c. Windshield     YES   NO
d. Window glass  YES   NO
e. Binoculars     YES   NO
f. Telescope      YES   NO
g. Theodolite     YES   NO
h. Other   yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Thin, wedge-shaped, metallic-appearing object moving swiftly through the sky near the horizon. No visible means of propulsion. Gave an impression of being under intelligent control.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

First right ed celestial 6-10-56 sec return

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Slight d

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
First right ed celestial 6-10-56 sec return

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
Slight d

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
N. O.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) (Yes) No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) (Yes) No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Friend name and address redacted

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Redacted
ADDRESS: Redacted Street, Redacted, DE 19998
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted AGE: 57 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
The day I saw it, I reported it to Bethany Beach Police.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions and blank spaces for the respondent to fill out.

As per the request, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   27 day   March   1957

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 10 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Department of the Air Force letterhead, dated December 14, 1957, regarding a UFO observation reported on June 4, 1957.

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, June 4, 1957

TO: Sgt. G. A. Young
Dayton Police Department
Room 154
335 West Third Street
Dayton, Ohio 45402

1. Reference your telephone conversation with 2nd Lt. Carmon L. Marano on 12 December 1967. The enclosed PTD Forms 164 were allegedly completed by two different persons, the handwriting appears similar - Request your opinion as to whether both forms have been prepared by the same person or not.

2. Thank you for your time, efforts and assistance in providing additional information on this report.

     VICTOR J. QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
     Chief, Aerospace Technologies Division
     Production Directorate

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a scanned copy of a letter from the City of Dayton, Ohio Department of Police regarding a "visual examination of hand writing specimens on enclosed F.T.D. Forms 10-C" related to a UFO investigation.

CITY OF DAYTON OHIO
DEPARTMENT OF POLICE
SAFETY BUILDING - 335 WEST THIRD STREET - PHONE 223-1231
COL. R. M. IGELBURGER
Director of Police

December 20, 1967

Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technology Division
Production Directorate
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Attention: TDPT/UFO

Dear Sir:

SUBJECT: Visual examination of hand writing specimens on enclosed F.T.D. Forms 10-C. This refers to your letter of 13 December 1967 in which you requested the assistance of this Division in the aid of enlarged photographs normally used for this purpose. However, it is indicated in the information filed the shape of Henry Beasv and Cleve Narion were both written by the same person. There are many points of similarity that were found.

As indicated in the request on page 6, item 13 of each set that a report was made in the people of Bethany, Delaware, under date of June 1, 1967, one at 10:50 p.m. and was other at 10:30 p.m. Both have been prepared in the same manner, and it is my belief that the possibility exists under this evidence the two statements may have been prepared by the same person.

Hoping I have been of some assistance in this matter and assuring you of my continuing cooperation in matters of mutual concern, I remain,

Very truly yours,

Sgt. G. A. Young
Investigative Unit
Forensic Section

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF:	TDI/UFO

SUBJECT:	UFO Observation, June 4, 1967

TO:	Mrs. -------- Avenue, NW
	Washington, D. C. 20016

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as a witness to an unidentified flying object.
If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 4 June 1967, could you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it
in the envelope provided.
If you were not a witness to this sighting, 
would you please make a statement to that effect on the attached form.
The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this
Observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

JUNE 4 1967

SEP 28 1957

UFO Observation, June 4, 1967

Washington, D.C. 20016

1. The Aerial Phenomena Branch is investigating an unidentified flying object sighting that occurred near Bethany Beach, Delaware, on June 4, 1967. The observer gave your name as a witness to this incident.

2. If you would complete the enclosed PID Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided, the information would be helpful in our evaluation of this sighting. If you did not observe this incident, please state so in replying.

3. Thank you for any assistance you can provide.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology & Subsystems

1 Atch
PID Form 164

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information form, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomenon that someone has observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 14 JUNE 1947
2. Time of day: 3:30 AM
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? BETHANY BEACH, DELAWARE
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) ABOUT 15-20 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? ESTIMATED 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): DAY: a. Bright, b. Cloudy; NIGHT: a. Bright, b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. In back of you, c. To your right, d. Overhead, e. Don't remember

FTD GCT 23 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 15 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from a UFO report document containing a questionnaire with handwritten responses.

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many  
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember  

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate to heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor trails

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know 

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
(handwritten) Appeared brighter than airplane lights

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes
d. Give off smoke? Yes
e. Change brightness? Yes
f. Flash or flicker? Yes
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Slowly, suddenly, or gradually disappearing?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes  No  Don't Know. 
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:  It moved behind a branch of tree on a beach.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes  No  Don't Know. 
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:  In front of overcast clouds - dark at times.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  No descernible sound
b. Color  Dark like an orange but reddish

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?  about 3/4 to 1 inch of match head

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 17 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Approx 150 Miles

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1200 ft to 15-20 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other (Describe if possible)

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other (Specify) a tree branch/screen (Good)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: Like a close ranging red gaseous sphere.

- page 18 -

