The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a record of a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE: 1/5/52/5  
2. LOCATION: Lawrenceburg, Indiana
3. CONDITION: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15-20 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: From Southeast to Northeast
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

CONCLUSION: SATELLITE: Echo I

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observed a bright blue-white light traveling from the southeast. It was traveling rapidly and disappeared like a star-shell.

COMMENTS: Echo I was going SE at 26-28 deg long, 10 deg lat at 0922 EST. It went into the earth shadow about 3 minutes later.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPT (UFO) Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/Lab/1 Dec 67
UFO Observation, October 4, 1967
1. This replies to your request for an evaluation on your unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting of October 4, 1967. It is probable that this object was at 80 degrees azimuth and 40 degrees altitude (Western Indiana) and should have been visible in the Western sky. The object gave no radar return and no visual observation was made by military assigned aircraft in the area at this time.
2. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a scanned document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about an unidentified object you may have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 4 October 1967

2. Time of day: 3:20 Hour 20 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central d. Pacific Eastern

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Lawrenceburg Indiana

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 Minutes 0 Seconds
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. NOT very sure
   d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Hard to explain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No X

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   a. Bright
   b. Cloudy NIGHT

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you
                 b. In back of you
                 c. To your right
                 d. To your left
                 e. Overhead
                 f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

3. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Fewer
b. More
c. Many

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dim
c. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Drizzle or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:
A LITTLE BRIGHTER THAN VENUS

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES
d. Give off smoke? YES
e. Change brightness? YES
f. Change shape? YES
g. Flash on and off? YES
h. Disappear and reappear? YES

- page 4 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There does not appear to be a photograph present on this page, but rather a hand-drawn sketch at the bottom of the page.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 7 Real Dimenaional - it just disappeared - as if watching it go away or something on the horizon, then disappear.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound NONE b. Color White blue

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? ALL

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch at the bottom that appears to show a roughly circular object with a trail behind it.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form with several questions related to the sighting of a UFO.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? It was traveling as fast as a Jet.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airport? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No 
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Satellite

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and instructions for an exercise. The diagram includes a compass rose and a sketch of an object in the sky, along with instructions for the observer to imagine the object's path and position.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point marked "A" and are looking at the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

A compass rose is shown below the diagram.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

East (arrow)

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

OCR Output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point marked "A" and are looking at the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object. 

90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

East (arrow)

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
NC

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Lawreence burg Indiana 47025

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street Lawrenceburg City Indiana Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
AGE: 44 SEX: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
Had seen 5 or 6 other also reported them.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 8 -

The image appears to contain a document with a black-and-white photograph or sketch at the bottom. The document does not seem to identify any human individuals. Instead, it contains text responses to various questions, including the completion date of the questionnaire and additional information about the sighting that was not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire.

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 Oct 1962 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: Please note three rear portion of object

- page 9 -

