There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing text and a form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT RECORD
1. LOCATION: Walker Valley, New York
10. CONCLUSION: 
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
For several seconds on the evening of January 16, 1951, at 7:00 P.M., a UFO was observed by several witnesses. The object was described as bright and metallic in appearance. It was seen to move rapidly in a straight line and then make a 90 degree turn before disappearing from view. The witnesses were unable to estimate the size or altitude of the object. No physical evidence was found at the site.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT OUTPUT:

460300C
UFO Report - Rat Your Life, 14 Jun 67
FTD (CDER/UFO)
Preliminary analysis on report accomplishment of 4 May 1967 indicates that the observer was watching a helicopter.
FOR THE COMMANDER
D. C. BOYD, Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Operations & Training Division

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

3533 ODC 
UFO Report

FTD (TDETA)

The attached UFO Report is submitted in accordance with Paragraph 3, 
AFR 80-17.

FOR THE COMMANDER

D. C. BOYD, Lt Col, USAF 
Chief, Operations & Training Division

1 Atch
UFO Report

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: Red flashing light in sky - motionless. Estimate 20 miles away.
2. Size compared to a known object: At that distance it looked like the red flashing light on top of a police car when it is approximately 100 yards away.
3. Color: Red
4. Number: One
5. Formation, if more than one: N/A
6. Any discernible features or details: round but flat - dome on top.
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
8. Sound; if heard, describe sound: None
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Looking out kitchen window bright red flashing light attracted attention - it was West of observer.
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: 5 degrees above the trees.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: Approximately 20 degrees and in the East.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Motionless for approximately one hour then dipped down and moved very slowly Northwesterly.
5. How did the object(s) disappear: After one hour followed in the car and lost it and reappeared home. Saw these higher and 20° in the East. Then it suddenly disappeared.
6. How long (was) the object(s) visible: Approximately two hours.
C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground - visual
2. Optical Aids: None
3. N/A
D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 00452, 4 May 1967.
2. Light conditions: Completely dark - clear night - no moon.
E. Location of Observer(s): Route #52, Walker Valley, New York at home.
F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Civilian
2. Name: [redacted]
3. Age: 33
4. Mailing Address: [redacted] Valley, New York.
5. Occupation: Salesgirl and housewife. Works in Middletown, N.Y.
6. Estimate of Reliability: Seemed level-headed and reliable. Husband and three sons also saw it.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with text describing weather and wind conditions at the time and place of a sighting.

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: Calm, silent night, bright stars.
2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office: Clear, 15+ miles visibility. At 00:052 the Weather Office in Stewart AFB carried high, thin overcast and 20 miles visibility. At 00:452 they reported clear and 15+.
3. Ceiling: None
4. Visibility: 15+
5. Amount of cloud cover: None
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None
7. Vertical temperature gradient: No strong inversion. Surface to 5000', -4°C.
H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: Strong wind shear 2000' to 8000'
I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting: None reported.

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
Major Dennis G. Harris
46044 Air Base Group
Plans Officer

Mrs. stated that she had thought people were imagining things when they reported anything like this and she hesitated a long time before she reported this to Stewart AFB. I asked her if she had seen a helicopter and she replied that this was her first thought but decided it couldn't be since there was no sound.

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: None.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

TERY/UTO (Maj Gaintanilla/70916/mha/12 Jun 67)
UFO Report (Your Ltr, 5 Jun 67)

JUN 14 1967

1. Your UFO Report, on a unidentified flying object observation of 1 May 1967, is being referred to your office so that your UFO investigating officer will have the opportunity of evaluating the information contained in this report.

2. The information in this report is not only confusing but worthless as it does not contain sufficient specific and detailed information needed when filling out a UFO report. It is quite apparent that someone is screening the reports and sending them in without any thought as to their content.

3. We do not intend to accept the "weak excuse" however, as an example of incomplete information we would like to bring to your attention the information contained in paragraphs 3, 4, and 5, we cannot determine in which direction the object was moving, its distance, and elevation of the object was 50 above the trees. How tall are the trees?

4. Request you reaccomplish this report in accordance with all the provisions of AIR Force Regulation 60-17.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

COORDINATION:

TERY/UTO     DATE  

/s/ Wiliam Dean                DATE  15 Jun 67

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text document.

TSPI/UFO
13 July 1967

UFO Report (Our Itr, 14 Jun 67)

...03 AS GP (GRC)
This office returned a report on an unidentified flying object observation of 4 May 1967, for reacccomplishment. As of this date, we have not received this report. Has the observation been identified through reaccomplishment, or is it carried as unidentified at your level? Request the status of your report.

FOR THE COMMANDER

GEORGE S. HOLLDAMUSECK, Colonel, USAF
Acting Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an official document or report related to a UFO observation.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4603D AIR BASE GROUP (ADC)
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 12550

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:  4603CDC                                                               20 July 1967

SUBJECT:  UFO Report - Ref Your Ltr, 14 Jun 67

TO:        FTD (IDEP/UFO)

Preliminary analysis on report reaccomplishment on UFO observation of 
4 May 1967 indicates that the observer was watching a Helicopter.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

D. C. BOYD, Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Operations & Training Division

- page 10 -

