There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TO CONFIRM
PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA:  f 19520501)
ANALYSIS: The image did not contain a photograph, only text. 

OCR OUTPUT:
PROJECT BLUE BOOK RECORD

DATE OF INCIDENT: 15 Mar 1952, California

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: NOT ESTIMATED

TYPE OF OBSERVATION: GROUND-VISUAL

PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: YES

DESCRIPTION: The observers stated that they were looking at an odd-shaped object in the sky, at about 10° in the air. The object remained stationary for approximately 30 minutes. They stated that the object appeared to emit light at various points and would turn dark and then light up again. It was estimated to be about the size of a medium-sized transport plane. They said several other little people were on the ground watching the object. The observers stated they did not approach the object, but watched it from about 100 ft away. They were afraid to get too close. After about 30 minutes, the object took off at a high rate of speed and disappeared from sight.

- page 1 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image shows an illustration or diagram, but does not contain any human faces or people that can be identified.

The text in the document states:

pointed at the running toys. Before they knew what happened, they were standing right next to the "blast". It was as if they were in a trance. At this time they could not move. The man said, "I will not harm you." He snapped his finger and the toys were out of the trance. Johnny was very scared. The man said, "Come." They all went up the ladder into the craft.

They stated that the craft was about 6 feet high and a little bigger than a station wagon car (about 2 feet overlapping the side of the car, but round). When they got inside there was only about a foot headroom for the boys. The entire wall around the inside of the craft was a gigantic computer with many buttons and blinking lights. There were three more little people inside.

The "little people" were about 2 to 2½ feet tall. They looked like human beings except for their size. They had 2 antennas coming from their head and a "glass bubble" over their heads. They were all wearing "skirts". They only had four fingers. They stated that there were "3 boys and one girl." They said they looked like small girls and boys.

When they entered the UFO, the little people bowed to them. At this time the little girl took Johnny and showed him the computers. Johnny stated that nothing was said between them. Tony stayed with the # three little boys and talked." The following events were told to me by Tony but are not in the proper order since he kept on going over and over these events constantly putting in more details.

The little boys from the UFO stated that they "visited the Air Force would quit shooting down their space ships because they wanted to land and make friends." Tony asked where they had come from and they said, "Alpha Centauri." Tony said that they told him they were going to the moon in 15 minutes and it only took 2 hours to get to Alpha Centauri.

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a UFO report document. The text in the document describes an encounter between two boys, Tony and Johnny, and a UFO. It mentions that the UFO rose off the ground and that the boys tried to interact with it, including pointing a "ray gun" at it. The text also mentions that the boys saw various controls and features on the inside of the UFO. However, the image does not contain any additional photographs beyond the one shown.

The text of the document is as follows:

The little boys from the UFO then gave Tony a "ray gun" and pointed to an old abandoned station wagon outside of the door. Tony aimed and pulled the trigger. The car "disintegrated." They then went inside toward the "computer buttons." They pointed to a button. Tony pushed it - the door shut and the "flying saucer" rose off the ground. They couldn't tell me how high.

At this time Johnny was directed to get into a miniature model of the flying saucer which stood in the middle of the floor. He said there were a lot of little controls on the panel. He sat in a small "leather chair" but had to crouch way up to fit himself in. The little girl pointed to a button but Tony rushed over and pulled Johnny out of the Miniature craft, stating that something might go wrong. (Johnny said the craft was just big enough to fit one of the little people.) Tony said they had better go at this time.

The "little people" wanted the two boys to take the ray gun. They refused. The "little people" then offered for them to take the "miniature flying saucer", but the boys again refused. Tony asked them what he should do with the pictures he had taken. They said to show them to a lot of people. Johnny and Tony left at this time.

The boys stood about ten feet from the UFO as it raised its ladder, closed its door and started up. The boys said that a lot of heat came out of the holes and their shirts were being blown by the motion of the craft.

The UFO slowly raised straight up to a height of about 50 feet. Tony ran underneath the UFO to take "this last picture." At this time a lot of fire came from the sides of the UFO, where the holes were, and it went at about a 45 degree angle into the clouds. It disappeared into the clouds in about 5 seconds. The time this complete story lasted was about one-half hour.

- page 3 -

The image contains a handwritten text that describes an incident involving some boys who claimed to have seen a flying saucer. The text mentions that the boys showed a picture postcard with an image of a flying saucer to the narrator. However, there does not appear to be any photograph or image included in the document provided.

The text produced by the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

The boys ran up the road and entered the tavern where Johnny's father was. Tony was very excited. Johnny was more scared. Of course, nobody would believe them but the boys said they had pictures of it. They then went to the S & C Grocery Store to tell Tony's mother. She didn't believe them either. Tony's father came in a little later, and did not believe their story. The boys told it several times that they had pictures of it.

That evening the boys went to *** grandmothers home across the street. A neighbor, Mrs. ***, was also there. The boys told their story to the women and they talked a long time about the incident. Mrs. *** called a Mrs. *** and told her about it. The boys talked to Mrs. Barnes on the phone and were told that she had had contact with the Venetians and had many books and tape recordings by experts in the field and even some from the Venetians. Mrs. *** gave them a picture postcard with a picture of a flying saucer on it. The boys showed it to me and said the UFO strongly resembled the one they had seen.

On Friday, 2 June, Mr. *** took the roll of film into Tyler's Photo Store in Grass Valley for developing. The proprietors said they could be picked up on Sunday.

On Monday, 5 June, both Mr. *** and Tony went into Grass Valley to pick up the pictures. As soon as they received them they opened the envelope and looked at the pictures. Only three had turned out (been printed). Tony was excited. His father could do nothing else but believe him at this point. Mr. *** carried on his own investigation, questioning the boys over and over, adding them back to the scene. The more he believed them.

NOTE: The boys told many people about their experience and showed the pictures around. Many people then started to claim that they had also seen flying saucers and space ships and had contact with people from outer space.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document.

in the past. They had all been afraid to report the sightings because of
what people might think.

This concluded the story to this point. Johnny and Tony both left for
school after the interview. I talked with the father. He said that he did
not believe the boys at first, but he had to believe them after he saw the
pictures. I asked if I could see the negatives. He showed them to me.

Besides the negatives of the three pictures which were printed, there was
also another which seemed to show the UFO hovering above a "station wagon
automobile." I asked if I could take the negatives with me for investigation
and analysis. He said that his son did not want to give the
negatives up but would give me the pictures. He had promised his son that
he would do this.

I left at this time and traveled into Nevada City, about 17 miles South
of San Juan. I went to the School's Picnic Area and contacted Tony's teacher.

***NAMES REDACTED*** is a teacher-principal at N. San Juan Elementary School.
He lives at ***ADDRESS REDACTED***, Nevada City, Calif. 95959; phone - ***PHONE NUMBER REDACTED***.
The teacher said that there was much talk in school about UFOs. The boys
told their story to him on Friday, 2 June. They showed him the pictures on
the 5th. They asked him what he thought it was. The teacher replied, " An
upside-down cup on an upside-down saucer." He laughed. Tony told him what
it was. The teacher questioned him extensively stating, " I used all the
psychology I knew to get it out of them but they told the same story as they
had told me. I felt they were telling the truth but was very unsure."

We looked at both boy's school records. Tony is an average student with a
DIA of 94. He is above average in Science, with a B average. Johnny is just
an average student, not excelling in anything. The teacher said that Johnny
is a very quiet child, he lost his mother about a year ago and his father has
7

- page 5 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a document or report related to a UFO sighting. The document mentions details about a person named Tony who was interested in UFO affairs, as well as a sighting that occurred with some boys who went to a grocery store. The text also mentions that a photographer was present to take comparison pictures at the scene. However, the image does not contain any identifiable human faces.

Text extracted from the document:

been known to drink quite a bit. He further stated that Tony had been a good student in Science, "always bringing in projects or items of interest."

He said that Tony has been outwardly interested in UFO affairs for about the past three months and his last book dealing with UFO's.

Mr. Briscolar at this point didn't know what to believe.

Before I left I saw Tony and asked if he would reconsider giving me the negatives. After I pointed out the importance of having them, he said yes.

NOTE: Tony was not very interested in talking at this time.

ALSO NOTE: Tony did not reveal to the teacher that he had had contact with the people in the UFO and had actually talked to them.

I called Mrs. --- that evening and told her that I would be up by 0930 the next morning, Saturday, 10 June and requested that she have the boys there. She said, "Ok."

I left the next morning about 0800 hrs and arrived in N. San Juan about 0915 hrs. I took a base photographer with me to snap comparison pictures at the scene. We arrived at the Grocery Store, but the boys were not there. 

They had gone into Grass Valley with Mr. --- Johnny's father, and were expected back at any time. We waited for over an hour and then decided to go to the scene ourselves. We went down and took pictures at the scene. (See explanations attached to pictures.)

We went back to the store about 1100 hrs and the boys still were not back. Both Mr. and Mrs. --- were there. They both expressed the desire to keep publicity down to a minimum on this matter and pledged full cooperation.

NOTE: The boys said that the UFO had made a round imprint in the ground where it landed. The father said when he went up there you could see it faintly. I could not see any imprint. The photographer also could not see an imprint. Tony stated that a ground/earth cover had been over the area where the UFO landed.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing handwritten text.

area and the tracks were visible to me. He further stated that many of the area boys and girls had been down there playing.

ALSO NOTE: When we were leaving the scene of the UFO landing, I told the boys that they could reveal any or all of the above information to anyone they chose. I pointed out the disadvantages of revealing all of the information. They stated they did not want to tell it all. The boy (Tony *) then said, " Do we get any money for this?" I failed to respond.

At 1100 hrs on Saturday morning again, the boys still had not returned. We decided to interview some of the area people. We first went to the home of Mrs Louise E. Clark, Box 85, N. San Juan. Her home was the closest structure to the scene, about 400 yards. A small hill and many trees concealed the landing sight from her home. She stated that she had been in grass Valley that day and did not see anything because of her absence. She further stated that if it came back she would call us.

We went to the home of ****, N. San Juan. She is a very old woman ( estimate late 70's). She was in the process of moving but consented to talk with us. She confirmed her talks with the boys on the evening of 1 June. She also stated that she had called ****** because ****** had had "very" contacts with people from outer space - "the Venusians." She said that she was very much a believer in life on other planets and believed in flying saucers. She said she had not seen them as such but knows personally, many people who have seen them and had contact with its occupants. I must have looked doubtful, because she asked if I wanted to see in the Bible where it stated there was flying saucers. She said she had many books written by a Michael X. (a mystic authority on flying saucers). She said they were all packed away. She further stated that she had just come back from the mountains and had seen strange lights many times during the night.

- page 7 -

The image appears to show a typed document or report page, but there is no photograph present. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

Mrs. Rodenberger stated that Mrs. ***** could be contacted in Tyler and could give us much information, including books and recorded tapes left by the Venusians.
***** San Juan was in the residence visiting at the time. (It may be noted that she was laughing quietly all through this interview.) She said that she had been in the ***** Grocery Store and saw the boy with a book about UFO's. She asked him where he had gotten it from and that she would like to read it. Tony told her that he had gotten it from a school, but he would not give it to her. She further stated that the parents were resentful for asking questions. She apologized and left.
We went to ***** home, ***** N. San Juan, the grandmother of Tony. She would not answer any questions put to her. We asked her if she had a book by Michael X. She said she had lent it out, but would not reveal the name of the borrower. Asked if she believed in flying saucers, she responded, "Of course, didn't you see the pictures?"
The keys had still not returned to the store. We went to Tyler,a little village about 5 miles southeast of N. San Juan. We contacted ***** and asked to talk to her. She was in her late 70's, estimate. She took us into her home and seemed very excited about us being there. She showed us all her books - dealing with flying saucers, mystic powers and religion. Her home was filled with many religious pictures, etc. She said that she was a member of a group known as the Understanding Group which was formed in 1954, and had its present headquarters in Merlin, Oregon. She had been a member of the club since its formation and had gone to every meeting.
She stated that had guest lecturers and many tapes were played, stated to have been left by the Venusians. She had many booklets distributed by a Venusian to various people dealing with the beliefs in flying saucers, life on other planets and mystical powers. She said that she use to hold meetings.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The document appears to be a typed report or text regarding a UFO sighting incident.

in the area which were attended by approx. 6 people, including and She had also gone into Nevada City and Grass Valley to guest lecture, but because of lack of attendance and interest, gave that up. She gave many descriptions of the people and crafts, explaining that they were very versatile and could do almost anything, including speaking any language. She said there was a meeting every year at Giant Rock, Calif., the scene on many UFO sightings and contacts with Venetians. She told two stories of note. About the tapes, she said at one meeting there was a sealed tape on a table and that the following day there would be a recording on it. (This happened at one of the meetings and was demonstrated by a guest lecturer.) The next day the carton was still sealed and when they opened it and played it, there was a complete recording by the Venetians. When asked if she had ever seen a flying saucer, she replied, "Oh yes." About 0400 one morning she could not sleep "for some reason unknown to her." She got up and went outside and there was a very beautiful, clear sky. She said to herself "If I could only see a flying saucer" and just like that "a big silver space ship appeared for about 5 seconds and then disappeared into the sky." When we asked her if we could see her tapes, she stated because of lack of use, she had given them to her son Santa Rosa, Calif. 95403 (phone - ) He used them and gives many lectures in that area. She said she would call us when he came into the area again. She said she had not talked to the boys yet but wanted to. She told us many more religious mystical stories before we left.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The document appears to be a typed report or transcript discussing a UFO sighting incident.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:
on the door and Mr. Bradford finally appeared. (He was drunk and didn't walk or talk very straight.) He said he had returned 2 hours ago and let the boys off. They never returned to the Grocery Store, where our military vehicle was parked. Mrs. [Redacted] did not know of their whereabouts and did not seem particularly concerned that they had not returned. I asked if I could have the negatives at that time. She stated that Tony had changed his mind again and did not want to give them up. I asked if he could call me that evening.
Tony called that evening and when asked where he was, he stated that he did not know we were looking for him. He said he did not want to release the negatives.
(Before I left N. San Juan that afternoon, I was approached by a [Redacted] Old Main Street, N. San Juan, who said he had seen a UFO 14 years ago in this farmer's field and it looked like the picture. He said there were no windows or people visible to him. It made a strange sound and was shiny "aluminum." He said it was 20 feet across with a rounded dome and was flat on top. He also said it 10-12 feet high. He said that he was backing down a hill very fast when it landed. (He described the top of the UFO very vividly - a difficult feat if he was backing away and down for the object.)
I was absent from the area from Sunday until Tuesday evening for the UFO Conference at the University of Colorado, Boulder, Colorado. I returned late Tuesday evening.
I had been called many times by the Grass Valley Newsman, [Redacted], a UFI representative very interested in playing the story and pictures up because "there is a lot of money in it for me" and if it is released.
(Second 3 as pronounced) The boys did not testify on and the tape extensively. There was a filmed report and interview with the boys.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

PERSONAL COMMENTS AND CRITIQUES
1. There were many contradictions in the story's story.
2. Although Cony was very excited, Johnny limited himself to a few statements and explanations and never deviated from the few words he said.
3. Because of the religious/mystic cult with which the area is completely saturated, the reliability of the boys and people in the town is lowered considerably.
4. The boys later stated where the ear was and Tony could not tell me where. He said they went to the top of the hill from another route, not down.

- page 11 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this page. 

The text in the document is as follows:

SAF-OIC/Miss Turnure/76326/Nov. 20, 1967

Dear [redacted],

This letter is in reference to your observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) and the subsequent photographs you took on June 1, 1967.

Your three photographs are returned herewith. A detailed analysis cannot be made without the original negatives.

If you would like to have your photographs analyzed in detail, please complete the attached data sheet, and return it with your original negatives in the enclosed envelope.

Sincerely,

DAVID L. STILES
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Directorate of Information
Office of Information

3 Attachments:
1. Prints (3)
2. Photographic Data Sheet
3. Postage-free Envelope

North San Juan, California 95960

SAP-OIC
Coord Cy - SAP-OIC
Desk Cy - SAP-OIC
Activity Cy - SAP-OIC
Reader Cy - SAP-OIC
Payback

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, providing details about a reported UFO sighting.

the road and therefore did not see the car. They said it was an abandoned car. The negative showing the UFO hovering over the car was the only one Tony would not release to the press at all. (I suspect, but could not tell from the negative, that it was a double exposure.)

5. In reference to the pictures, the distance and size relationships simply do not correspond. The pictures taken from the hill were taken at a distance of about 150 feet, yet no trees appeared in the picture. Also note the size of the rocks on the ground. If you notice our pictures, the detail was not nearly as close as theirs was. Also note, the picture taken standing on the rocks and dirt - notice the size of the rocks in an enlarged picture. If the object was the size they said it was, they could not have possible gotten the camera to fill the frame of the picture, and without any trees at all in the picture, and still gotten the details they did of the terrain.
This was supported by many people, including the Base Photo Lab.

6. Many times when the boys were questioned on their story, they would omit details saying they were confused, and couldn't remember. 

7. Tony talked with his father privately for advice every time he was in a "jam". They were highly evasive and suspicious as to these talks.

8. As is this article in the paper the UFO was predicted to return. The father said the boys had contact on Tuesday with them again (13 June) and it was rumored that it would return on Saturday, 17 June.

9. The description of the inside and outside of the craft was shaky and contradictory. Notice the distance and travel time relationship for the moon and Alpha Centauri.

10. The way the family responded to reporters and held on to the negatives. According to the last article, it seems like they were holding out for money. Mr. ****** went there and gave them a $350.00 check for the negatives stating that they would also receive a Polaroid Camera and $150.00 the next day. If this is true, it suggests that they were more interested in profiting from the incident than in simply reporting what they had witnessed.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UPI printed them they would then give the boys a $2000.00 check. The boys handed them over asking what would be done with them. Mr. [REDACTED] said they would be subjected to photo analysis before printing. The [REDACTED] then returned the check and took back the negatives. 

11. The extreme interest Tony has in Science and his recent interest in the subject of UFO's.

12. Other criticisms may be drawn from the contents by yourselves.

FINAL CONCLUSION
I believe that the whole story is a complete hoax. The pictures were taken at close range of an upside-down cup or bowl over an upside-down saucer. (There seems to be a shadow on the top of the "UFO" which might be the printing which appears on the bottom of cups.) The story was all thought up in an attempt to get money out of the press from the publicity. The above is my own conclusion from the investigation and should not distort any further investigations.

JOSEPH H. KINDERMAN, 2nd Lt., USAF 
Base UFO Officer 
445 Combat Defense Squadron

- page 14 -

The image contains a photograph showing several blurry spots or objects that appear to be the subject of a UFO sighting, as indicated by the text in the document. The text describes how some boys in North San Juan, California reported sighting and photographing a UFO, and that their parents have been instructed not to discuss any information about the sighting. The text also mentions that the boys took a picture of the UFO.

SECRECY MARKS AREA
BOYS' PHOTOS OF UFO

NORTH SAN JUAN - The Air Force, which gave a group of school boys a scolding and photographing ban on an unidentified flying object, plans to present the pictures at a meeting in San Juan Capistrano next week.
The pictures show a mysterious object described as "resembling a Texas longhorn calf." Meanwhile, parents of the boys have been instructed not to discuss any information.
The supposed flying object was sighted last week and John, one of the boys, took a picture of it.

- page 15 -

The image contains a photograph of a newspaper article or report titled "Flying Object Tale Excites Town; Return Is Forecast". The article discusses sightings of a strange aircraft near North San Juan, California, as reported by local residents. It mentions that Air Force officials have taken photographs and interviewed witnesses, but have not disclosed any information about the sightings. The article also mentions that a "Spruill boy" saw the aircraft and described it as hovering and then gently setting down in an open space. Additionally, the article refers to the analysis of the photographs by a Fred Langdon, who compared the object to a "cavalry hat" that measured about 6 feet across.

Text extracted from the document:

Flying Object Tale Excites Town; Return Is Forecast

NORTH SAN JUAN, Calif., June 11 (AP) - This community of 120 residents still is talking about the strange object sighted near here and the residents are convinced the object will return.

Sprull and John Bradshaw, who saw and photographed it, said Air Force officials have taken the photographs and interviewed them, but declined to disclose any information about the object.

The residents say the object descended slowly, hovered and then shot away. They say if the same object returns, as they say it will, they will notify the Air Force again.

The stir in this Sierra foothill town began Tuesday when the Sprull boy said he saw the strange object near the cemetery. Bradshaw, who is an insurance agent, and his wife were walking near the cemetery and also saw the object.

Sprull said he and his wife were in their back yard when they saw the object. "It came down very slowly as if it was going to land, then it just took off," Sprull said.

"The aircraft was described by Sprull as white, as if it had taken off almost straight up. But then it moved off at an angle," the article states.

The article also mentions that the object was about 5 feet in diameter, according to the Sprull boy, and that it was "the best he had ever seen".

- page 16 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a newspaper or magazine article about a UFO sighting by a youth and a nun in Nevada County. The article is titled "Youth, Nun Report Sighting UFO With Occupants In Nevada County" and provides details about the incident, including descriptions of the object and its occupants as seen by the witnesses.

UFO, Occupants Are Reported By Boy, Nun

From Page A1:
The article states that Tony, a 13-year-old boy, reported seeing a UFO with occupants on Saturday. Tony's parents whispered to him that they had told the police, wondering if he should tell them what he saw. Tony announced "The time has really come for me to release the pictures." However, Tony said he could not take the pictures as a photo he had taken for investigation had been confiscated. 

The article goes on to describe Tony's account of the UFO sighting, including details about the object's shape and the beings inside it. It notes that Tony apparently enjoys telling the story, but the reporter wanted to keep the negative attitude the article was taking.

- page 17 -

The image contains a photograph showing an article from The Sacramento Union newspaper dated Friday, June 16, 1967. The article is titled "The Saucers Come in Sets Like Dishes" and discusses a sighting of unidentified flying objects by residents of North San Juan, California. The article describes the objects as "small, medium and large - look like human beings, flying in a zig-zag pattern", and mentions that a 12-year-old resident photographed the objects.

The Sacramento Union
Friday, June 16, 1967

The Saucers 
Come in Sets
Like Dishes

NORTH SAN JUAN (UPI) -
They come in three sizes -
small, medium and large - look
like human beings, flying in a 
zig-zag pattern. A 12-year-old 
resident of this town of 150, said
he photographed an unidentified
flying object landing in the 
hydraulic mining area north of
the Nevada County community
two weeks ago.

He took six pictures of the 
object landing, taking off and
hovering over the objects. They
also were seen by several adults
over an abandoned car. The
auto has disappeared.

An unidentified flying object
also was sighted by an unidenti-
fied man from Mt. St. Mary's 
Academy in Grass Valley.

Tony and the nun exchanged
information about the descrip-
tion of the saucer creatures -
they resemble human beings. 
The youth said they had chil-
dren with them and have made
previous contacts, he said. He
said the saucer people talked
with him and told him two of
their ships had been shot down
over nearby military missile
installations.

Tony told the nun, "They'll
be back this month," later be 
said the saucer will land Satur-
day.

Joseph H. Nix, an information
officer at Beale Air Force Base,
said another officer had taken 
some material gathered about
the sighting to a conference be-
was scheduled to attend at the
University of Colorado.

Tony's parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Seymour Sprull, operate a small
grocery store in North
San Juan.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, describing an interview with a film developer in Grass Valley, California. The report discusses an incident where some pictures were taken of an unidentified flying object, but the report states that the pictures were not tampered with and were not included with the report. The document also mentions that the camera used had a fixed focal length and that there were no further developments to report at the time.

ADDITIONAL TEXT FOUND IN THE DOCUMENT:

ADDITIONAL COMMENTS:

The film developers in Grass Valley were interviewed by me and the photographer on Saturday morning, 10 June. They said that the pictures were not tampered with at all and the only thing they did was to develop the film.

The 79# camera which the boys used has a fixed focal length.

After the report was prepared, there was another article in today's Sacramento Bee newspaper about this article. The general text of the article was that the "Flying Saucer" was reported and the pictures were shown on the screen. He said that since the pictures were already out, he thought he may as well verify. He further stated that because of the fixed focal length of the camera and the quality of the pictures, it appeared to be a less than 3 feet diameter object. Because a picture taken not at infinite focus, he polished off the wire and lenses in the two pictures not included in this report, and stated that there were no indications in the area of the images that corresponded to the area of the UFO landing.

Any further developments will follow.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with text information only.

BASE UFO OFFICER INFORMATION: 
Joseph A. Kinderman, 2ndLt
Aerospace Security Force Officer - Air Police
456 GD80, Beale AFB, Calif 95903
Duty Phone - 634 2457 
Home Phone - (916) 742-3102

- page 20 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document. There are no photographs present, only text describing several photographs that were apparently part of the original report.

The text output is as follows:

PICTURE ANALYSIS:
PICTURE #1: (A) This is a picture taken from approximately 150 feet away. #1 represents the shadow I questioned on the top of the ufo. (B) This is another picture from the same distance. #2 represents the double exposure(?) #3 again shows the shadows of the craft. (C) This was supposed to have been taken after the craft was about 50 feet in the air above where it represented the "lift-off" that cause our #2.
PICTURE #2: (A) Taken from the top of the hill and pointed straight down. (B) was where the boys were standing and they felt the wind from the UFO that came by. (C) Also taken from the top of the hill pointing up by the dirt road. This shows the path traveled by the UFO in landing. #2 is where the UFO was.
PICTURE #3: This picture was taken from the top of the hill where the boys said they took the pictures. #1 represents the route traveled by the UFO in landing. #2 is where the UFO settled.
PICTURE #4: Taken standing on the ground where the UFO sat. It represents the tracks of the UFO. It was a few feet away as compared to the size in the boy's picture #4.
PICTURE #5 & 6: The boys said they came to the area from point A. They took pictures 1,2,3 from point B. They went to point C. The UFO came over the evergreens from point D and landed on point E. (The distribution overlap to give an overall view.)
This page had two other negatives which were not printed. One shows the object as described in the picture. There were also what seemed to be wires in the picture, not just the UFO. There was a final picture which later disappeared which the UFO moving over it. The wires were again visible in this picture.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document containing text describing a UFO sighting investigation.

The text from the document is as follows:

The following is the follow-up report completing my investigation of the recent UFO sightings in N. San Juan, Calif., on 1 June 1967.

The attached newspaper articles are an example of the extensive coverage given this "sighting". By reading over the articles, you can see the many inconsistencies in the boys' story.  

I will supplement the attached articles with the developments in the local area.

June 16 was the last day of events I included in the last report. As you can see in the paper articles, the "return of the Centurians" received a lot of publicity. The news on TV covered this subject and displayed the prints over again the next day. The UFO never did return although many people did show up for the "event".

The TV continued to report that the pictures seemed to be authentic although there were many inconsistencies, E.G., distances, terrain, objects in the pictures, and where the pictures were taken.

On 17 June, I contacted the base and tried to get some information out of us. We revealed only what had been told before and also talked about the UFO Conference in Boulder, Colo. He called Dr. Saunders on the same day and asked many questions. The article resulting from this telephonic conversation appeared in the 20 June edition.

I contacted Dr. Saunders the next day and, after reading the article to him, found out that he was severely misquoted.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only text. Acting as an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

Becky:

Please send a copy of your letter to [redacted] to:

2nd Lt Kinderman (CDSO) 
456th Combat Support Group (SAC)
Beale AFB, California 95903

Also, would you make a Xerox copy of your reply and forward it to us.

Thanks,
Marilyn

- page 23 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page, only text.

TV station, stating that they had not paid anything for the pictures. 

He appeared again the next evening with his final report on the UFO sighting. The boys had given them a space helmet and vest supposedly given to them by the "Centaurians". Mr. [redacted] had the helmet and vest analyzed and found that the helmet was made of a "cheap plastic" and the vest was a synthetic rubber. He gave the chemical names of the components of each object. The chemist also stated that the helmet, to the best of his knowledge, was a toy - manufacturer unknown. He further stated that if the helmet was given to the boys by space people who were advanced enough to travel that far and land on the earth, they would not make a protective helmet out of such cheap material. The TV would not commit to a true or false conclusion and left this up to the Univ of Colorado and the Air Force. His whole newscast was very skeptical in nature.

A final newspaper article appeared in the Grass Valley - Nevada City UNION on 22 Jun. It was accompanied by a rather humorous, or satirical, report on another sighting. Contents of this article were not investigated.

This concludes my report. Any further developments will be forwarded to both offices.

JOSEPH A. KINDERMAN, 2LT, USAF
Eecle AFB UFO Officer

- page 24 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to show two flying saucer-like objects in the sky. The caption below the photograph indicates that the "Flying Saucers in North San Juan" were reportedly photographed by boys who claimed to have seen such craft.

Text extracted from the document:

Flying Saucers in North San Juan?
Boys Say Pictures Show Such Craft
Are North San Juan's flying saucers real? Schoolteachers believe it, members of a religious order believe it and the Air Force is investigating it. 
The UFO "sighting" began June 15, when 15-year-old Tony Broom and his companion, Johnny Bradshaw said they saw a saucer land in a hydraulic mining area north of town.
Take Pictures
The boys, armed with a 73-cent Brownie camera, purchased for the purpose, took pictures of the object on the ground. In the air, and next to Tony's saucer grade teacher, Harold Trizzolara.
When contacted, Trizzolara stated that the saucers but the pictures clearly showed an aircraft foreign to any pictures he had seen of earth-type aircraft.
Yesterday at North San Juan two members of a religious order visited Tony. North San Juan residents believe it.
An investigator for a UFO investigation organization examined the ground where the craft had landed, listened to Tony's story and apparently concluded the craft and its occupants had landed there.
The Air Force is the mean-while investigating the saucer incident. Personnel from Beale Air Force Base examined the ground, talked to the boys and had the pictures examined.
Their conclusions, if any, have not been released yet. Copies of the pictures, the boys say, are available for discussion at their store, the S&C Market at North San Juan.
The Sprulls, polite and patient but becoming somewhat exhausted by the deluge of questions, appear to be glided to some, extend on the information regarding the saucers.

- page 25 -

The image contains a newspaper article with a photograph, but the photograph does not appear to show any human faces. The text of the article is as follows:

UFO's Plan Revisit To North San Juan
(NORTH SAN JUAN, Calif. (UPI) - Flying saucers people said they saw here medium and large - and they may visit again this Saturday, according to a town Saturday, according to sources.)
Tony told the man they'll be back this month, and said the "saucer people" will land Saturday.
The Air Force isn't taking this seriously, said an information officer at Beale Air Force Base, and material gathered about the sightings will not be taken to a conference at the University of Colorado.
But there's no doubt in the minds of Tony's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Tony Sprull, who operate a small grocery store here.
He also took a picture of the object, which was shaped like a "frosted doughnut" and was hovering over an abandoned car. The auto has disappeared.
Tony said the UFO also was sighted by an unidentified nun from Mount St. Mary's Academy in Grass Valley. He said they exchanged information on their sightings and agreed that the saucer people resemble humans and had children with them.
"They even talk like humans," he explained.
Tony Sprull, a pint-sized resident of this community of 150, said he took five photographs a week ago as it landed, took off and hovered over a by-dramatic mining area.
He also took a picture of the object, which was shaped like a "frosted doughnut" and was hovering over an abandoned car. The auto has disappeared.
Very said the UFO also was sighted by an unidentified nun from Mount St. Mary's Academy in Grass Valley. He said they exchanged information on their sightings and agreed that the saucer people resemble humans and had children with them.
"They even talk like humans," he explained.
The Air Force isn't taking this seriously, said an information officer at Beale Air Force Base, and material gathered about the sightings will not be taken to a conference at the University of Colorado.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a newspaper article with the headline "North San Juan Boy: Saucers May Return".

North San Juan Boy: Saucers May Return
NORTH SAN JUAN (UPI) -- that the saucer people, recently said the saucer people come to see humans and had children with them. They even talk like humans, explained the boy who said the saucer people told him two of their ships have been shot down over a California mining town Saturday, a 12-year-old over military missile installations. They told the lad "they'll be back this month," and then got more specific. He said the saucers will land Saturday, he took six photographs of the Unidentified Flying Object which is round, landed. The Air Force isn't taking any chances, Joseph A. Nile, information officer at nearby Air Force base, said, but there's no doubt in my mind of Tony's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Russell Spruill from Mount St. Mary's Academy. "Tony knows things that none of us know," said Mrs. Spruill as they exchanged information on their sightings and related incidents.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned newspaper article. I will now proceed to extract all the text from the document:

Earth Love, Too

Hippies, Hot Dogs
Will Greet Saucer

NORTH SAN JUAN, Nevada Co.--A flying saucer expected to land here tomorrow will be greeted by hippies offering love, hot dogs and possibly a handlull of other people who also believe the tale, have refused to tell exactly when or where the saucer will land, but the fact it will land tonight again.

The "Easterners," they South, said he saw the flying saucer over the town on June 2 and was told it will land tomorrow.

"The scouts have reported some with a handful of other people who also believe the tale, have refused to tell exactly when or where the saucer will land, but the fact it will land tonight again."

One believer, Mrs. John Bernes, said she could not understand why it would not land. "After this, the very existence of some people on the area will be vindicated," she said.

"But they come and go as they wish," she added, without explaining her statement.

According to the "locals" Place," the town's only tavern with dining and plumbing. skeptics gathered and tried to discuss the matter, but the crowd refused to let them.

Occasionally, however, a skeptic weakened. "If they were really there, one asked, "why didn't they get in touch with us?"

The supervisors only meet on Tuesday and their agenda already was full, someone answered.

An unidestified district who now camp in mountains surrounding North San Juan, regard the landing as their "biggest challenge."

"Maybe I'll try to meet it myself," said one member of his hand will be on hand and "praying to offer the saucer people their best wishes."

Although no one has reported seeing a flying saucer, it is supposed to find, Nevada City or Calif. 49 is supposed to land, it will return soon. If it comes, it will return to the hydraulic diggings area.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NORTH SAN JUAN AWAITS RETURN OF SPACE SHIP

North San Juan residents tomorrow will be awaiting the return of a flying saucer from the Alpha Centauri. The saucer, scheduled to land near here sometime for tomorrow, will be making its second trip, according to reports from the North San Juan residents. The first time it landed was on June 2 and was photographed by Tony Barilla, a 12-year-old North San Juan youth.

The return of the space ship has predicted by North San Juan residents, who reported that the Alpha Centaurians have made several visits to the area. Alpha Centauri is a star in the galaxy which is closest to our solar system, only four light years away.

FEW GATHERING TO SEE RETURN OF SPACE SHIP

Early reports from North San Juan today indicate that Alpha Centauri will have a few on hand to greet them. The Centaurians are scheduled to return to their star base in Alpha Centauri, a 25 million mile trip from their stop near San Juan sometime today.

According to the reports a pair of Sacramento residents with reservations at Haber's Skyways plan to hold an sighting. The saucer, first reported spotted June 2 by two boys, is reported to be returning to its home base in Alpha Centauri, 4.3 light years from earth and the nearest star to earth not including the sun. 

Habel Pinaglia, owner of Habe's Place and staunch advocate of civil rights said that if they did show up he would have no objections to serving them.

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to extract all the text from the document:

THE SACRAMENTO BEE
Saturday, June 17, 1967

North San Juan Awaits Saucermen
NORTH SAN JUAN, Nevada Co. - Visitors from as far away as 225 miles are expected to converge here tomorrow for the "investigation" between earth people and some "saucermen."

It is here for Alpha Centauri, home base of a flying saucer, which is due to make its appearance here tomorrow, weather permitting.

"What they might do is-it will probably occur without anyone else being the wiser," explained Tony Sargill, a prominent Psychologist. 

If a Centuarian, long disgusted with what others might call "nuts" arrives, chances are he will decide to return home without making contact, said Mrs. Sargill. "She remarked that they will probably remain away from here "for a long time before they return."

Nevertheless, Mrs. Sargill said it is "not true" Tony predicted the second landing. She refused to comment further. Newsmen, however, have heard Tony telling others the saucermen would return.

North San Juan Awaits 
Flying Saucer Landing
From page A1
The Centuarians, according to reports, are masters of the sky and can land their ships with "little overt action." According to Tony Sargill, Psychiatry reveals all the bad publicity given UFO's in the past few days is only a government attempt to divert attention from what may happen here tomorrow.

"What they might do is-it will probably occur without anyone else being the wiser," he explained. 

Disguise Selves
"Disguise Selves"
According to Tony Sargill, the Centuarians are planning to disguise themselves as humans in order to walk among the audience without being detected. He claims they will use their telepathic powers to "blame" them if they didn't land.

"What they might do is-it will probably occur without anyone else being the wiser," he explained.

Long Time Disgusted
If a Centuarian, long disgusted with what others might call "nuts," arrives, chances are he will decide to return home without making contact, said Mrs. Sargill. "She remarked that they will probably remain away from here "for a long time before they return."

Nevertheless, Mrs. Sargill said it is "not true" Tony predicted the second landing. She refused to comment further. Newsmen, however, have heard Tony telling others the saucermen would return.

- page 30 -

The image contains a photograph of two men sitting on a porch. The caption below the image states that the men are "On the porch at Babe's Bar in San Juan" and that the "hot stove league" is speculating on the "flying saucer furor". The individuals in the image are identified as Wayn e Holden, Tom MacDonald, Gordon Goodin, and Otto Trueschench.

The OCR output of the text from the document is as follows:

THE SACRAMENTO BEE
Sunday, June 18, 1967

While Babe's Bar Booms

North San Juan Still Awaits Saucer

Not only did the saucer not a surge in activity, the town's lone block-long main the show some general alien "flics who were to be on hand community was one of the are pikes. They had come specifically to had Prices that were not too see what was going on," said a gree the ling on their usual about this. 
"We weren't overly excited," Babe. "Others did not."
Wayne Holden, Tom MacDonald, Wands that saucers were expected Gordon Goodin and Otto Trueschench to be swooping down on them as the watched from the porch all summer. But all this speculation did not result in any sightings, Babe said.
"We don't believe the idea of flying saucers and such things," he said. "I'll believe it when I see it."
Waynb Holden said: "As far as I'm concerned, there's nothing to these stories. I've never seen an object I couldn't identify as an airplane or something like that."
When the saucer was supposed to come on Saturday, Babe had a cup of coffee in his hand and was waiting on the porch for it to appear. But it didn't.
"And if it had," he said, "I would have had a heart attack."

- page 31 -

The image contains a newspaper article with a photograph of a telephone booth. The article is titled "North San Juan Waits In Vain To See Saucer" and describes how a Catholic nun from St. Mary's Academy in Grass Valley reported seeing a flying saucer, but the people in North San Juan waited in vain to see the saucer.

OCR Text:
THE SACRAMENTO BEE
Sunday, June 16, 1957

Bar Is Handy Oasis
North San Juan Waits
In Vain To See Saucer
Then a Catholic nun from St.
Mary's Academy in Grass Valley reported she had seen and talked with the flying saucer, the
whole affair began about two
weeks ago when two boys
said they had seen a flying
saucer. They said they were
at first surprised and then
alarmed at the sight. One of
the boys, a 13-year-old, told a
California Highway Patrolman
of seeing the flying object on
June 12, yesterday the people
who came to North San Juan
to see the saucer were disappointed. No saucer appeared.

The lay then reported that it
was coming back the month
of July, so the people waited.
But as June 17, yesterday,
rolled around, no saucer appeared, and the disappointed
people began to go home.
The town that normally has a
couple of hundred residents
was the scene of more than
a thousand visitors the last two
weeks, all looking for the flying saucer. The bars were doing a landoffice business.
The one point still in doubt Bars the that the stories still are very difficult to obtain.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Output:
Monday, June 19, 1967
Grass Valley-Nevada City, California

THE UNION
California

Flying Saucer 
Disappoints 60
at No. San Juan

North San Juan's bid for a flying saucer failed to materialize Saturday as fewer than 69 persons were on hand to greet the Centaurians, according to predictions made by 12-year-old Tony Spirulf.

Tony, who said he had received orders from the leaders of the space ship operated by the Centaurians on June 2, had predicted Saturday's landing.

The predicted "close encounter" never occurred as townspeople, instead, stood around asking each other what would happen next even though some members set up cameras and discussed what to do if the Centaurians did show.

A few hippies were on hand, for the most part they stood in the sun, talking of the predicted saucer of was a non-happening.

No new predictions on the space ship's return or possible visitors are forthcoming.

The only positive statement made during the day was by a television newsman with a dead line to meet. About 3:30 the television cameras showed up him and he said "Well, the saucer should be here by now."

He refused to elaborate on his knowledge of the answer landing time.

AWOL Charge

Paul Terrance Cuthrie, 704 Franklin Ave., was arrested by Nevada City police at his home about 3:30 a.m. yesterday on a charge of being away without leave from the U.S. Army. Cuthrie is being held pending his release to military authorities at Beale Air Force Base.

A Linda woman was hurt about 1:15 a.m. yesterday in a one-car accident on Highway 20, 5 miles east of Doolittle Gate Road to Beale Air Force Base. The CHP said the woman went off the road near a curve and overturned, according to reports.

- page 33 -

The image appears to contain a typed letter or report discussing the analysis of photographs of an unidentified flying object (UFO) taken on June 1, 1967. The letter states that the photographs were examined by Air Force Photo Analyst personnel, even though the original negatives were not submitted. The letter provides comments on the photographs, noting that the "fire" seen in one of the photographs appears to be behind the object as viewed from the bottom, and that the holes visible in the additional photographs do not show any holes. It also mentions that a brilliant light would have been shining from the ground up to illuminate the bottom of the object and cast a shadow onto the "fire." The letter concludes by requesting that the recipient complete the attached Photographic Data Sheet and return it with the original negatives.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

Proposed reply to on his UFO sighting of 1 June 1967

Dear Mr. 

Reference your unidentified observation and subsequent photographs of an unidentified flying object (UFO) taken on 1 June 1967. The photographs submitted to the Air Force were examined by Air Force Photo Analyst personnel even though you did not submit the original negatives. Without original negatives and the focal length of the camera a detailed dimensional analysis cannot be performed. However, photo personnel did offer the following comments:

Of interest was the fact that the alleged "fire" as noted in one of the photographs, is behind the object as viewed from the bottom. This is evidenced by the shadow cast by the object onto the "fire". Since the "fire" is coming from holes on the top edge of the object, the holes would be visible in the two additional photographs. There are no holes visible.

It should also be noted that a brilliant light would have to be shining from ground up, not only to illuminate the bottom of the object but to have the object cast a shadow onto the fire.

Although we are unable to positively identify the object, the existing evidence does not support the conclusion that the object was extraterrestrial in origin.

If you wish the Air Force to perform a more detailed analysis, please complete the attached Photographic Data Sheet and return it with your original negatives in the self-addressed envelope.

We are returning your three photographs.

- page 34 -

The image appears to be a newspaper article from "The Sacramento Bee" dated Tuesday, June 30, 1957. The article is titled "Spurious 'Spec-l-Men'? 100 UFO Experts Call Saucer Photos Fakes" and discusses how a group of UFO investigators have concluded that photographs of a flying saucer near North San Juan, Nevada County are fakes. The article mentions that the boy who took the photos said he photographed the saucer and the article's author, Wallace A. Legorio, states that the investigators agree the photos are fakes. The article also mentions details from a conference held by UFO investigator Lt. Joseph A. Kinderman, who reported that the photos were examined and deemed to be fakes. The article does not contain any photographs.

THE SACRAMENTO BEE
Tuesday, June 30, 1957

Spurious 'Spec-l-Men'? 100 UFO Experts Call Saucer Photos Fakes
By Wallace A. Legorio

MARYSVILLE -- The nation's top unidentified flying object sleuths agree, at least unofficially, that photographs taken by a 12-year-old boy of a flying saucer near North San Juan, Nevada County, are fakes. The boy said he photographed the saucer and the object as it occupied two trees. I have not ordered further tests because they are not that interesting.

Saunders also said the pictures were shown to an unimpressive group of UFO investigators attending the conference. 

When Saunders learned the photos taken in North San Juan had been purchased by a Sacramento television station, he said, "I hope they didn't pay too much. They would have paid too much, however, at any price."

Tony Spruill, 12, who claims he took the pictures, today insisted they were not fakes. He was told experts called them fake.

- page 35 -

The image appears to contain a newspaper article with a photograph, but there is no photograph shown in the provided image.

OCR output:

THE UNION Thursday, June 22, 1967 California

Lizzie Glotzrnier Reports Seeing Flying Saucers

Grass Valley - Nevada City

said a gesture of goodwill Miss
Glotzrnier has started an organiza-tion to aid their acceptance into earth society.

The society, the National As-sociation for the Acceptance of Centaurian People (NAACP), has already splinted off into a non-profit making group which will arrange for living contracts between earthlings and Centaurians.

The splinter group, Miss Glotzrnier said, has adopted the name Nevada Centaurs, LP.

Persons interested in the group may contact Miss Glotzrnier through telepathy.

UFO Experts Say NSJ Photos Complete Fakes

The photos, taken into custody
by the Air Force, show several unidentified flying objects experts at the University of Colorado at Boulder.

Dr. David Saunders, who heads
the university's UFO center,
called the photographs fakes
when he first saw them and
added the features were not of sufficient interest.

The photos, taken by two
amateur photographers, were presented the Air Force Base at St. Joseph A. Kingerman, not because of their value, but because the conference was called by Dr. Saunders anyway.

The photos were taken by two area residents and they revealed to officials that officially they had talked with the occupants of the flying saucers. who spoke English and promised to return on Saturday. They did not return.

North San Juan, a saucer sighting has been eclipsed by a saucer landing, has gotten back yard sunbathing.

The alleged shaped objects have been seen for a few moments above her home, left and then returned.

When the saucer returned. Miss Glotzrnier said, a strange voice announced they were the Centauri, the nearest star to the Earth besides the sun.

The occupants, Miss Glotzrnier said, were complaining of the saucer's cramped quarters and expressed a desire to converse with other earthlings.

The Centaurians, according to Miss Glotzrnier, described themselves as people who live on land and in trees. She said they refused to elaborate on their appearance.

The Centaurians, Miss Glotzrnier said, are shy of people who recentannounce the starsin the sky.

According to Miss Glotzrnier, a North Street bar in Grass Valley was the only place they had been able to find where they were accepted without trouble.

They seem to speak our language there," she said "they

- page 36 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to depict a flying saucer-like object moving from North San Juan to Nevada City, where it was captured on film by Lizzie Glotzmer. The text above the image states "New Flying Saucer Pictures Produced in County", and the text below the image provides more details about the sighting.

OCR output:

New Flying Saucer Pictures Produced in County

FLYING SAUCER moved from North San Juan to Nevada City where it was captured on film by Lizzie Glotzmer.

- page 37 -

The image contains a photograph of a saucer-shaped object hovering over the Nevada City Freeway, according to the text description. The text states that the object hovered over the freeway for several hours before zooming off into space, and that the witness, Lizzie Glotmier, provided the pictures to the Air Force. The text also indicates that the saucer picture has been verified as authentic by over 100 experts.

SAUCER-SHAPED OBJECT hovered over Nevada City Freeway for several hours yesterday before zooming off into space. According to Lizzie Glotmier, who witnessed the event, several earth-moving machines have vanished from the site without a trace.

SAUCER PICTURE has been verified as authentic by over 100 experts. Lizzie Glotmier has made the pictures available to the Air Force.

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a handwritten text that describes the contents of a case file, stating that it contains 3 4x5" negatives and 81 8x10" photos.

This case contains 3, 4x5" negatives and 81, 8x10" photos.

- page 39 -

The image appears to be a grainy black and white photograph of what resembles a circular or oval-shaped object floating in a forested or natural setting. The object takes up a large portion of the frame and appears to be the primary focus of the image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC 
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 40 -

The image appears to be a photograph or graphical representation of a circular, unidentified object. The object is depicted in the center of the frame against a dark, grainy background. There is no human face or other identifiable features visible in the image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 41 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of a large, irregularly shaped object. The object appears to be white or light in color, and it is set against a dark, blurry background. The image is classified as "UNCLASSIFIED" and is part of a document from the Foreign Technology Division of the US Air Force.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 42 -

The image appears to show a grainy, black-and-white photograph of a circular object against a dark background. The object appears to have a distinct ring or halo around it, and the overall image quality is rather poor, likely due to the age of the document.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 43 -

The image provided appears to be a scan of an old document, likely from Project Blue Book, that does not contain any visible photograph. The image is a blank, grainy screen or document with the text "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" and "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 44 -

The image appears to be a page from a project blue book report, specifically a photo analysis report. The report is for an "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT" sighted in North San Juan, California on 1 June 1967. The photography section indicates that the photos analyzed were "Frames 1a, 1b, and 1c - Attachments to 'UFO Report of Investigation' by 2d Lieutenant Kinderman, dated 16 June 1967."

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 67-68
PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT: 11 September 1967
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION: North San Juan, California
DATE: 1 June 1967
PHOTOGRAPHY
AF P NRS : Frames 1a, 1b, and 1c - Attachments to "UFO Report of Investigation" by 2d Lieutenant Kinderman, dated 16 June 1967
1. PURPOSE: This report is written to fulfill a request submitted by Major Quintanilla, TDEU/UP, to analyze the referenced photography to determine if possible what the unidentified object may be. If the object cannot be specifically identified it was requested that the approximate dimensions be given.
2. ANALYSIS: The imagery which appears in the attached photos appears to be genuine imagery. The object(s) cannot be identified of described, however, is still the "UFO" as annotated on the photographs. Frame 1a is behind the object as viewed from the bottom. This is evidenced by the shadow cast by the object on the ground. The light is coming from the owner's left, which suggests the object was casting a shadow onto the ground. It should also be noted that a brilliant light would have to be shining from the ground up to illuminate the bottom of the object, but no light was mentioned in the investigating officer's report.
3. It is necessary that the original negatives and the focal length of the camera be obtained before a detailed dimensional analysis can be performed.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:
ROBERT D. MYERS
Intelligence Research Specialist

APPROVED BY:
WILLIAM L. TURNER
MAJOR, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

WILBER PRICE, JR.
CHIEF, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 45 -

The image appears to contain a photograph showing some kind of aerial phenomenon. The image is blurry and difficult to make out clearly, but it seems to depict a cloud-like formation or possibly a disturbance in the sky. There are no obvious human figures or identifiable objects present in the photograph.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 46 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph depicting a snowy winter landscape. The image shows a forested area with tall, snow-covered evergreen trees lining the banks of a frozen river or lake. There are no human subjects visible in the photograph.

TEXT OUTPUT:

North San Juan, California
CASE NO. 9078459
DATE OF SIGHTING: 13 Dec 60 
LOCATION: North San Juan, California
TIME: 5:45 PM
DURATION: 2 minutes

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S): Witness observed a silvery disk-shaped object maneuvering over the town at an estimated altitude of 10,000 feet. Object was silent and made no trail.

DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S): Object was first noticed moving from north to south at a high rate of speed, made an abrupt stop, hovered briefly, then accelerated rapidly and disappeared from view to the southwest.

EXPLANATION: Unknown - Possible Satellite or Aircraft

INVESTIGATOR'S REMARKS: No further details available. No physical evidence.

- page 47 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be a snowy, wooded landscape. The photograph is framed and embedded within the larger document.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
Originating Agency: North San Juan, California
Date of Report: 

The testimony of the witness indicates that on the night of [redacted], at approximately [redacted] hours, an unidentified aerial object was observed near the town of North San Juan, California.

The witness reported seeing a brightly lit object hovering silently above the trees for several minutes before suddenly accelerating and disappearing from view. No sound was reported from the object.

The witness, who wishes to remain anonymous, claims this was not the first time they had observed such an object in the area. They have reported these incidents to the local authorities on previous occasions.

This report has been forwarded to Project Blue Book for further investigation.

- page 48 -

The image contains two black and white photographs. The photograph on the left appears to show a snowy landscape with trees in the foreground. The photograph on the right depicts a wooded area with snow-covered trees.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (UFO) SIGHTING REPORT

Date: xx-xx-19xx 
Location: North San Juan, California

Description: At approximately 4:00 pm on [DATE] a local resident reported seeing two unidentified flying objects hovering over the wooded area north of the town of North San Juan. The objects were described as circular in shape, approximately 30-40 feet in diameter, and emitting a bright light. The objects reportedly remained stationary for several minutes before accelerating rapidly and disappearing from view.

Investigator's Notes: The witness appears to be a credible local resident with no history of false reports. The location described is a remote, wooded area north of the town, which would be consistent with the reported sighting. No other witnesses or corroborating evidence was identified at this time. The case remains unresolved.

- page 49 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph depicting a snowy, forested landscape. The photograph shows a snow-covered forest with tall pine trees in the background, and a frozen body of water or stream in the foreground. The scene appears to be a rural, wintry landscape.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

June 3, 1956

Mr. Douglass Weaver 
3124 West Poplar Street 
North San Juan, California

Dear Mr. Weaver,

This letter is in response to your report of a UFO sighting on May 27, 1956 near North San Juan, California. After reviewing the details you provided, we have determined that the object you observed was likely a weather balloon or similar high-altitude research craft, and not an unidentified flying object.

While we appreciate you taking the time to report this incident, Project Blue Book is unable to definitively identify the nature of the object you saw. However, based on the information you provided, it does not appear to have been an extraterrestrial spacecraft or any other type of unidentified flying object. 

Please let me know if you have any other questions or concerns regarding this matter. I would be happy to discuss this further with you.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
Richard F. Haines
Project Blue Book Coordinator

- page 50 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph or scan of a document. The image does not contain any visible human faces or identifiable individuals. The image shows a landscape or terrain that appears to be barren or rocky, with a hazy or unclear background. There is no additional text or information visible in the image itself.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

North San Jaun, California
 September 23, 1959

On September 23, 1959, at approximately 11:30 a.m., a cigar shaped object was sighted in the sky over the North San Jaun area of California. The object was observed for approximately 25 minutes before it disappeared from sight. The object appeared metallic in nature and was emitting a white vapor trail as it moved slowly across the sky. No sound was detected from the object.

This incident was reported to and investigated by the United States Air Force Project Blue Book, the official government agency responsible for investigating unidentified flying objects.

- page 51 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters 4602d Combat Support Group (SAC), Beale Air Force Base, California, regarding a UFO sighting report.

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4602D COMBAT SUPPORT GROUP (SAC)
BEALE AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA, 95903

AFTO 4560.3B (2/Lt Kinderman/2475) 16 Jun 67
SUBJECT: UFO Report of Investigation

To: University of Colorado (ATTN: Dr. Gordon) Wright-Patterson AFB (SAFOI/IOUP)

The attached report is the result of a UFO sighting in North San Juan, California. 2/Lt Joseph A. Kinderman, Base UFO Officer, has conducted the investigation and prepared the report IAW AFR 80-17.

Encl: 1 atch
Report of Investigation

PAUL E. HOPKINS, Major, USAF
Commander

- page 52 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

The following report is submitted for your information and follow-up investigation and represents a complete account of the recent UFO sighting and following investigation in the area. (All times in this report are Pacific Daylight Saving Time.)

At approximately 2230 hrs on 7 June 1967, I received a telephone call at my home concerning the sighting of a UFO. Mr. [REDACTED] called me from Sacramento, California and reported that two young boys had taken some pictures of a UFO in the N. San Juan area of California. He gave me the names of the boys - [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] - and said they may be contacted at Roy's Cafe or the B & G Grocery Store in the town. He said that he had recently been through the town visiting friends and that there was a lot of talk in N. San Juan and Grass Valley about the sighting. He was in Sacramento when he called and also stated he knew the individuals concerned.

I was contacted by Mr. [REDACTED], father and owner of the [REDACTED] Grocery Store, on 8 June at 1500 hrs. He confirmed the report and asked if I knew what it was. After answering "No," he asked me to investigate the sighting. I made arrangements to see them the following afternoon, 9 June at 1300 hrs.

I received a call later that evening at 1930 hrs from Mrs. Spruill requesting that I come around 1600 or 1700 hours since the boys would be at a school picnic and would not be home until that time.

I received a call at 2000 hrs that evening from Mr. [REDACTED] of the [REDACTED] Junior High School requesting that I give him information on the sighting. I would not and could not give him any information since I had not investigated the sighting yet.

The next morning, 9 June, at 0730 hrs I received a call from Lt. Joseph Nix of the Base Information Section wanting to know if I knew anything about the sighting.

- page 53 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. 

the sighting. I told him the little I knew. Lt. Mix stated that the area newspapers were calling and asking about the sighting. Lt. Mix stated that he would call them back in about an hour and only reveal the names of the boys involved. He suggested that I investigate the sighting immediately in order to get there before the newspapermen. I called Mrs. *** at 0745 hrs and requested to interview the boys that morning. She agreed.
I arranged with the Base Motor Pool to get a vehicle and left the base immediately. I arrived in N. San Juan at approximately 0915 hrs. The boys and parents were waiting for me in the S & G Grocery Store. I asked if the boys shouldn't be at school and they replied that she would take them to school after I talked with the boys.
I talked to the two boys together at this time. (I later felt that this was an incorrect investigative procedure for evident reasons.) I talked to *** first. He stated he was 12 years old and was in the sixth grade - one day from graduation. I asked him to describe the object he saw. He stated it looked like a saucer-shaped object with a rounded part on top. He got mixed up looking for words and asked if I would like to see the pictures. I said, "Yes" and he brought them to me. (See the attached prints.)
I asked him to back up and describe the whole incident from beginning to end. He said that he and ****, 9 years old, a third grader and a neighbor, had gone to the area after they got home from school at approximately 1600 hrs. The area itself is approximately 1/2 mile from the main route through town. There is a very dusty road leading to the area. 
The boys had taken a camera to the area with the intention of taking pictures of *** dog, Gingy. They used a Babette Camera, made in Hong Kong and distributed from the Toy House in Sacramento, Calif. The camera takes 16 pictures and was made of very weak plastic, coating 79¢. They used Kodak VP 127 film, Black and white film.

- page 54 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. However, it does contain text describing a UFO sighting incident.

Transcription of the text:

It was approximately 1630 hrs. The day was very cloudy (complete cloud-cover) and it was cool, about 45°. They were sitting at the peak of the hill looking at the dog. Suddenly the dog started barking. They noticed nothing until this time. They turned their heads and saw the UFO coming in from the Northwest over an evergreen tree at about 100 feet in the air. They said that it was making a very funny sound, "Like they had never heard before."
It was pulsating and at a high pitch. Tony said it hovered over the tree for a few seconds, then tilted and headed for the cleared area. It was generating a lot of heat because the air was wavey near the UFO. It slowly came to a rest on the ground.

NOTE: The sighting occurred on Thursday, 1 June.

At this time Tony asked if he could talk to his father privately. After a few minutes he returned. His father told him to tell the complete story as he had told his father. He was hesitant, but continued.

Tony said that the UFO was a dull gray or dull tan. He described it exactly as the one picture shows and added. There were small holes all around the bottom rim "about a foot in diameter." You could not see these in the picture because of the angle taken,he exclaimed. Johnny was very scared and started to run, falling down the hill into the brush. He waited when he saw Tony taking pictures at the top of the hill. Tony further stated that there was a "flare of" window from the top of the UFO to its rim. He said you could not see clearly through this "glass" but he could see four small shadows. These, he said, were little people he later found out. Tony said that he took six pictures but only three came out.

At this time Tony jumped off the hill and also fell through the brush. He and Johnny ran up the road away from the UFO. Although they were running away from the UFO they said a door opened, sliding into the top of the UFO.

A little man came out after a ladder had unfolded down to the ground and he walked around the UFO for a short time.

- page 55 -

