The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, specifically a "BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS" for an incident that occurred in New Rochelle, New York.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

PROJECT RECORD 
9/6/1952 New Rochelle, New York  
10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRAFT) with landing light

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated that the object appeared as a bright light, brighter than a star. The object appeared to be circling and making a pass over a building. The observer was unable to determine what the object was. Sound: none. Color: white.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image contains only handwritten text.

-----

Dear Sirs:
Project Blue Book
Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
 
Mayo Clinic
Rochester, Minnesota
 
I have information which I believe would be of interest to your organization concerning an incident which occurred at New Rochelle, New York on May 3, 1967.
 
As you know, we have been investigating a number of such incidents in this area and I do not believe that the phenomena observed on the above date has any explanation at this time. The form report # 93017451 of the incident is attached.
 
I do not wish to make any public release of this information at this time as I would prefer to wait until a more thorough investigation can be made. However, I felt it my duty to bring this matter to your attention as soon as possible.
 
Thank you for your consideration.
 
Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 11 Day MONTH YEAR
2. Time of day: 9 Hour 0 Minute (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEW ROCHELLE, City or Town STATE or COUNTY
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hours 0 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? I looked at my watch to check the time
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Clear b. Hazy c. Cloudy NIGHT a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not appear to contain any photographs. 

Transcribing the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Moonlight, but pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or many clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Few mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Some XXXX through ground dark at night, occasionally extremely bright vision.

12. The edges of the object were:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes No Don't know
c. Drift slowly away? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke or exhaust? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 4 -

Based on the image, there is no photograph present on this page of the Project Blue Book report. The page contains a series of written questions and answers related to the observation of an unidentified object.

Transcribed text:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): YES. NO. Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: The back of a small building, and it disappeared.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): YES. NO. Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: _________________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _______Noise_____
b. Color _____white light with traces of yellow_______

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match or pen's length in line with a known object and compare how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
No, this was not done, its size is not sure.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Continues on another page)

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The image shows a page from a document that seems to be a questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No
e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: IT LOOKED LIKE THREE IARGE BRIGHT LIGHTS ABOUT 500 YARDS AWAY. THE LIGHTS WERE SLIGHTLY LARGER THAN THE STAR AND WERE WHITE IN COLOR BUT FLASHED AT INTERVALS, EVERY 7-10 SECONDS, THRU THE BRIGHT FLASH-LIGHTS WERE VISIBLE, THEN THE LIGHTS WOULD DIM DOWN TO A FAINT GLOW AND THEN FLASH UP AGAIN BRIGHT. THE LIGHTS WERE APPROXIMATELY 75-100 FEET APART AND HOVERED IN THE SKY FOR ABOUT 15-20 MINUTES, NO SOUND WAS HEARD.

- page 6 -

The image appears to contain a diagram and some handwritten text, but no photograph.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curve's line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place on "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. 

My impression that it was a single object with division of light. However, it could have been separate objects moving in the same direction and I wouldn't say definitely.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
"I have seen similar objects before in the same general area, but not exactly the same. This happened much farther away, approximately between the 1st and 15th of November, last year."

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 17 SEX F

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Report to: Police New Rochelle, N.Y. 10805

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 - 15 - 61
Month Day Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The objects extremely bright glow (described as like a bright blue flash) attracted my attention. When it began to flick up-and-down at a rapid rate, it began to flicker, and the flashing lights were recorded there were several other objects similar to what I have described, but I chose to explain this one in detail because of: 1. its closeness, 2. extreme behavior, 3. increased size & prominence. 4. favorable weather conditions.

Dear Major (Bluebook), 
This is the information I would greatly appreciate your looking into. Your assistance in this matter would be most welcome. Thank you.
Sincerely,
[REDACTED]

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The document appears to be a typed letter from Major Victor Quintanilla of Project Blue Book, regarding a UFO observation reported on April 19, 1967 in New Rochelle, New York.

The text of the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT/UFO
UFO Observation, 19 April 1967

New Rochelle, New York 10801
Dear Miss _____,

This replies to your recent letter of May 3, 1967 in which you mentioned your unidentified observations since April 19, 1967. This office appreciates your furnishing this information. This will enable our analysts to study the information and perform a closer investigation.

If the unidentified object has appeared night after night, I suggest you continue the visual sightings. It is possible that someone could come out to your home and observe the UFO.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

1 Atch
PTD Form 154 w/envelope

- page 10 -

