The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

LOCATION: LOS GRAND, COLORADO
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
9. D OBJECTS: WILD FEAR OF / LEFT COP WHILE PROCEEDING TO / AIR FORCE BASE. 
8. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: INFORMATION IN REPORT INCONCLUSIVE. 
NO ADDITIONAL INFO.
CASE FILE:
(DD) FORM 2-49 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a "UFO form continued" from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered Yes, then what speed would you estimate? 5 MILES A HOUR

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered Yes, then how far away would you say it was? ABOUT 2500 FEET AWAY

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
- Inside a building
- Outside 
- On a road
- In an automobile (type)
- In a boat
- Other _________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other _________________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West

24.2 How fast were you moving? 10 miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
(Circle Yes or No for each)
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Theodolite Yes No
f. Window glass Yes No
g. Other _________________

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object you think it resembled, and give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
IT HAD LIKE DOGS MOVING VAR YARD I CAN'T TELL WHAT IT WAS BOTTOM THE SOUND I COULD JUST HEAR IT

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you lost sight of it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

THERE WERE MORE THAN ONE OBJECT; THERE WERE SEVERAL OBJECTS PRESENT. THEY APPEARED TO BE TRAVELING IN AN ERRATIC MANNER, CHANGING DIRECTIONS RAPIDLY, AND SOMETIMES STOPPING AND STARTING AGAIN.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a "UFO form" that seems to be part of Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

UFO form continued
Page 4
20. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
- x
31.1 Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 If so, who were they, and did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes 
No
x
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] [REDACTED], [REDACTED], [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] AGE: 52 SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
AS ABOVE
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
LESTER WAS NOTIFIED

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

As requested, here is the text output from the document:

I WAS GOING TO WAKE UP ON THE 11-7 SAUCER
LEFT THE HOUSE AT 10:45 WAS GOING DOWN-AISLE
WHEN I SUDDENLY FOUND Tv0 SENTINELS STANDING
IN DOTS ALL AROUND IT THE BOTTOM ALL WHITE
AND TRAI-SERS AROUND CAME OUT THIS DQTT}R'
THE CLOSEST STEP WHEN I LUNGED DAWN THE HALL
I JUST SLOW ON THE ROAD ,IOOKED UP AND SAW
THE STREET FOLLOWING MY STOP AT A STOP SIGN ANU LOOKTNG
UP SAW THE SAUCER TAKE OFF EXTREMELY BRIGHT IITHITE
AS CLEAR NIGHT--&Tti- IMPOSSIBLE OF HAYING SEEN ?t WAS
GOING TO GET OUT BUT I WOULD BE
LATER FOR THE SHOW SO I WAITED UNTIL
CAME BACK UP IN THE SKY AND IT TOOK
GO OUT OF SIGHT I NEVER SAM Any
THING LIKE IT FIRST I THOUGHT IT WAS A PLANE
NO LIGHTS ON GOING TO LAND WAS A UFO
THAT'S ALL I HAVE TO SAY I WOULD LIKE
TO KNOW WHAT I SAW IN THE
SKY THAT MIGHT HOPE IT CAME OFF SOME
HELP TO YOU IN REPORT IT TO 'iOU

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page from a UFO report document, with the heading "UFO form continued" and the page number "Page 8" displayed.

UFO form continued
Page 8

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a U.S. Air Force technical information form.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
Page 1

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as completely as you can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information be given only as freely as you feel is justified.

1. When did you see the object? EARLY MARCH 1967

2. Time of day: CR 00 --- 0.25 Hours
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address: City or Town: State or County:

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 to 10 minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined? WITH UNCERTAINTY CLOCK

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: CLEAR NIGHT: CLEAR

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you
b. To back of you
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, JUL 61, which is obsolete.

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a "Force UFO Form" used for reporting UFO sightings. It contains questions about the details of the sighting, such as the weather conditions, the appearance of the object, and its behavior. However, there is no photograph present in this particular image.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? (Circle One):
a. STARS: Bright, many, clearly visible, few, none remember
b. MOON: Bright moonlight, Full moonlight, No moonlight-pitch dark, Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. CLOUDS: Clear, Hazy, Partly cloudy, Thick or heavy clouds, Don't remember
b. WIND: Calm, Breezy, Gusty, Strong, Don't remember
c. PRECIP.: None, Light rain, Heavy rain, Drizzle, Snow, Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter, b. About the same, c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects: The object was lightbulb.

12. The shape of the object was: (Circle One): Fuzzy or blurred, Sharply outlined, Other: _______________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear and stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't know
f. Move slowly? Yes, No, Don't know
g. Move rapidly? Yes, No, Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't know

- page 8 -

The image contains a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, but it does not appear to contain a photograph. The document seems to be a form or questionnaire used to gather information about a UFO sighting.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching, and if so, how?
we chanded slowly so just came into sight + specd away

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it was in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: tte speed + silet
b. Color: all over grayish

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about 1/2 to 1/3 the object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
ALL LIGHT

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a UFO form that has been filled out.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 30 MPH
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 mile
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. In an office d. In the open e. On an airplane (type) f. At sea
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country? d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1. What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. Northeast d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2. How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 24.3. Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other HANDMADE LENS

OCR Output:

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 30 MPH
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 mile
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. In an office d. In the open e. On an airplane (type) f. At sea
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1. What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. Northeast d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2. How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 24.3. Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other HANDMADE LENS
26. In as clear and complete a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or an object compared to which you would place the size, shape, color and apparent motion of the object which you saw.
AT THE GASOLINE STATION, IT LOOKED LIKE TWO PLATES, OR SOMETHINIG LIKE TWO PLATES, JOINED TOGETHER.

- page 10 -

The image contains two diagrams. The first diagram shows a sketch of the horizon, with an object in the sky and several angles indicated. The second diagram is a compass-like illustration with a black central portion.

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the time line to show how long you saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

Text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433
REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, Mar 67

TO: Denver, Colorado 80207

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF 
Director of Technology and Subsystems
1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
April 10, 1967
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 If yes, names and addresses:
Brooklyn 30, N.Y.
Brooklyn 30, N.Y.
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: 
ADDRESS: New York, NY 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
AGE: 13 SEX: Fern
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
To my father March after sighting occurred

- page 13 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch depicting something the observer describes as a "UFO came back 3 times". The sketch shows a central object with multiple shapes and lines branching out from it, labeled as "strip" and "glow". The observer notes that they have not seen the UFO in the last month.

The text in the document is as follows:

"24. Date you completed this questionnaire: 11 Mar 67

25. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The UFO came back 3 times, but I haven't seen it in the last month.

The color was something like this:
The glow was something
Strip"

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is an official U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire for reporting unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you provide will be used, along with other reports, to evaluate the phenomenon. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? March 1947
2. Time of day: 6:15 Hours A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: b. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? New Lexington (near Applewood, Colorado)
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES
6. What was the condition of the sky? A. Night, B. Bright, C. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? e. To your left
f. Don't remember

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire titled "FORCE UFO FORM" used for reporting UFO sightings.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. Less
c. Same
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Full moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember 

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Overcast or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
e. Fog, mist, or light rain
f. Moderate or heavy rain
g. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Poorly defined
b. Sharper/brighter
c. Clearly outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did it (Circle One for each question):
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
b. Suddenly speed up and dash away at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
c. Break up into parts or explode? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
d. Give off smoke? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
e. Change shape? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
f. Flash or flicker? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
g. Disappear? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)

- page 16 -

The image appears to contain a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)     Yes   -  No   -  Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)     Yes   -  No   -   Don't know.  If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  
b. Color Reddish with a little dot and bright

18. We wish to know the angular size, held a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the 
object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the 
object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object 
that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially technical trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to 
show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple ellipse-shaped sketch is provided.]

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a form related to a UFO report.

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1.5 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. On water (lake, ocean, etc.)?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. A silver dinner plate not light on its center.

- page 18 -

The image appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force document on UFO reporting procedures. It does not contain any photographs, only diagrams and instructions. 

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon. (Skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the straight line to show the distance at which you first saw the object.

[Diagram showing angles and directions]

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion of the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, how many were there?
Draw a sketch of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form that the witness has filled out to report a UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
New Zender/ Cante

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME  [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED] AGE 13 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
Day         Month      Year

- page 20 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day
Month
Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 21 -

There appears to be no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed letter in response to a report of an unidentified flying object sighting in March 1967.

AUG 14 1967
Proposed reply to letter from Jul 10, 67 (sighting March 1967)

Dear [redacted],

Reference your recent letter concerning your observation of an unidentified flying object in March 1967.

We are hesitant in offering any explanation for the sighting without additional information such as detailed flight characteristics, and angular velocities.

Our responsibility does not cover the investigation of sightings outside the continental limits of the United States; therefore, we are unable to perform a comprehensive investigation. Your information will, however, be added to the present data base.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the United States Air Force.

- page 22 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report documenting an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: XPCF                                                      Date 29 Apr 67
SUBJ:CT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:   2th Aerospace Division
      Hq AFS, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80912

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be filled in and then forwarded immediately to Plans/Program attention XPCF.

a. Description of the Object(s):
   (1) Shape: Round
   (2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, basketball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length: Quarter
   (3) Color: FLARES
   (4) Number: One (1)
   (5) Formation, if more than one: N/A
   (6) Any discernible features or details: N/A
   (7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): N/A
b. Sound: If heard, describe sound: No
c. Other pertinent or unusual features: something under it looked.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text-based document that provides details and descriptions related to a UFO sighting.

Project Blue Book
Science Air Intelligence
14 March 1957
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir: Following is a report of a UFO seen in the sky approximately 1430 Hrs on 13 March 1957. Witnesses were two Research and Development Command personnel based on Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

The details of the sighting are as follows:

1. Date of sighting: 13 March 1957
2. Time of sighting: 10 hours 20 minutes (22:20) EST
3. Date of this report: 14 March 1957
4. Location of sighting: Above town, elevation 1 degree
5. Description of object: Bright, silvery, round, moves in level or horizontal flight, no tail or exhaust, rapid speed
6. Manner of observation: Daytime, clear and bright
7. Direction of flight: North to South
8. Weather conditions: Clear sky
9. Appearance of object: As a bright light, brighter than surrounding sky
10. This object was seen by crew of 2 people on duty in observation tower at Edwards AFB, California. Light source found at edge of airport, remains.
11. Size of object: About 2 to 4 feet in diameter (estimated)
12. Movements: Performed a 90 degree turn or change of course
13. Characteristics: Did not have in front of anything, no vapor trail
13. Further details: No additional comments to add
14. Present: No other witnesses were present
15. Velocity of object: Similar to that of a helicopter at a distance
16. Distance of object: Approximately 15 miles from the observing station
17. My location: I was on leave, outside and to the south of the main gate.
18. Location in case: The object was not in the case, it passed out of sight to the south.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Observation made through: windshield, window, glasses.
Comparison: the only object similar to that which I observed would be a large, high intensity light. Intensity by Ob: intensity it must have placed on the ground 10-15 times.
Night: when this was observed, the object was approximately 10-15 degrees above the horizon.
Stellar: observations: I have never seen this or a similar object before.
Other observers: one or more persons observed the object.....
Personal information: Canada
- have lived near Montreal for past 10 years 
- am family man with 2 children 
- was driving car alone at time of observation
- have good eyesight and/or color vision
Case completed: 11 Jul 1967
Remarks: some additional information were noted from this interview of first hand observations as follows:
- first sighting - 3:30 pm, 10 Jul 1967
- object first seen as a small light, then increased to large light in intensity
- object rose in sky, accelerated and disappeared from sight
- size of object when closest - about 15 ft in diameter
- shape of object - circular, like flying saucer
- color of object - white, then reddish-orange
- sound - no sound at all, completely silent
- Speed - very fast, estimated over 1000 mph
- motion - horizontal, no up and down movement
- duration of sighting - 2-3 minutes from first sighting to disappearance
- weather conditions - clear sky, no clouds
- direction of observation - looking west

- page 25 -

The image contains a photograph depicting a diagram or sketch. The diagram appears to show some kind of trajectory or movement, with several lines and measurements indicated.

decoeased to that of a attitude - was contended 
- with a color was probably seen at the end of sighting
- colour lasted for approximately 
- a minute
- a distinct noise that each was heard which described
- to resemble that of a machine in operation 
- only about a minute in duration, but in that instant
- observer was impressed that something unusual
- immediately apparent was that this was not a normal 
- aircraft or meteorological balloon or other known
- form of flight (object travelled at tremendous
- speed and made an abrupt angle)
- only purpose the object seemed to serve
- was to make an appearance and disappear
- appeared to accelerate and then vanish in a manner
- suggestive of a rather startling performance
- formation as a whole seemed to travel through
- the sky in a gradual, continuous curve, rather
- than a straightforward motion like that of a
- normal aircraft or object

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" which is a questionnaire for the U.S. Air Force concerning the sighting of an unidentified flying object. The document is dated March 6.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
March 6, 7
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you may give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed.
Please try to answer as many questions as you possible can. The information that you give will enable us to evaluate this sighting more effectively.
If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Month: March
Day: 6
Year: 7

2. Time of day:
Hours: 3
Minutes: 50
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
a. Eastern
b. Central 
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: DENVER, COLORADO

5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: 15
Minutes: 0
Seconds: 0

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Yes

5.2 Was object in continuous sight?
No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: Bright
NIGHT: Bright

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the subject?
(Circle One)
a. Behind you
b. To your left 
c. To your right
d. Don't remember

FID CCKS 164 This form supersedes FID 104, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" that is used to gather information about UFO sightings.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
a. Stars / Circle One:
b. None
c. More
d. Less
e. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Partly cloudy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Light rain or light snow
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember 

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Bright
b. Transparent
c. Dull

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to same common object.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Fairly bright
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Begin to move and then stop? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Move rapidly then slowly? Yes / No / Don't know 
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 28 -

The image contains a photograph of a diagram or sketch depicting a saucer-shaped object. The diagram includes annotations and labels, such as "WEIGHT", "SHAPE", and "STRUCTURE", suggesting it is an official document related to a UFO report.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
Yes (   ) No (   ) Don't know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes (   ) No (   ) Don't know.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Size -
b. Color - white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the stick is covered by the object. If you had performed this measurement at the time of the sighting, how much of the match stick would have been covered?
-

19. Draw a sketch of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can recall, such as the shape, color, and particularly any distinguishing features or outstanding characteristics. Place an arrow beside the drawing to indicate the direction of motion, if the object was moving.

[The image shows a diagram of a saucer-shaped object with annotations such as "WEIGHT" and "SHAPE".]

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions about the observed UFO.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
    (Circle One)   Yes   No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
    (Circle One)   Yes   No

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. On foot
    d. In an airplane (type)
    e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open country?
    d. Flying over a city?
    e. Flying over open country?
    f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)  North   South   East   West
    24.2 How fast were you moving?                    miles per hour
    24.3 Did you keep your eyes fixed on the object while you were tracking it?  (Circle One)  Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
    a. Eyeglasses             Yes   No      d. Binoculars             Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses            Yes   No      e. Telescope              Yes   No
    c. Wind shield            Yes   No      f. Other                 Yes   No

26. In order to compare the size of the object with something as possible, compare it to the size of one of the common objects which would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only illustrations and text. The illustrations include a compass-like diagram and a sketch of an object or objects in motion.

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the farthest line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the compass when you first saw it. Place an "C" on the compass when you lost sight of the object.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they are arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

UFO form continued

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 
NO

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
Henry g. coyle
5 2o 4 3

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
FIRST NAME
name redacted
MIDDLE NAME
initial redacted
LAST NAME
name redacted
ADDRESS
address redacted
CITY, STATE
address redacted, Texas
TELEPHONE NUMBER
telephone number redacted
AGE 
57
SEX
Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
Day
Month
Year

- page 32 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document or form, with the heading "Official U.S. Air Force".

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: _ _ / _ _ / _ _ _ _
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only a typed document with questions and fields to be filled out. 

b. - Description of course of object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)? Looked up
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed. Unknown
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance. Unknown
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s). Unknown
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.) Unknown
(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (We specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc) One and one half minutes
c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, ground - electronic, air electronic, (if electronic, specify type of radar).
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof.
(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, speed, and home station.
d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Full time-date-group of sighting. 6:30 2021204

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report. The image contains text from a letter dated September 19, 1967, written by the Chief of the Civil Branch of the Community Relations Division of the Office of Information for the Department of the Air Force. The letter responds to a previous letter concerning the observation of an "unidentified flying object (UFO)". The letter indicates that the enclosed Project Blue Book report may be helpful in identifying the observation and thanks the recipient for reporting the observation to the Air Force.

The text of the letter is as follows:

Dear Sir,

This replies to your recent letter concerning the observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO). With reference to the description of the characteristics, angular velocity, or weather information, we are unable to make a scientific investigation. Had you contacted the UFO investigators at your nearest Air Force base, this investigation would have been made immediately, an on-the-spot investigation would have been conducted.

We hope the enclosed Project Blue Book report may be of help to you in identifying your observation.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 35 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document with text only.

Proposed reply to letter from July 30, 1957

Dear [redacted],

Reference your recent letter regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) which was observed in March 1957.

With the information submitted, it would be extremely difficult to offer much of an explanation. Essential data such as flight characteristics, maneuvers, and duration of sighting are quite important in a comprehensive evaluation. If your grandmother had reported her observation to the nearest military installation at the time, an evaluation would have been possible. The local UFO investigator is in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation. Your information will be added to our present data base.

The enclosed brochure on the Air Force project on UFOs may be of interest to you. Thank you for bringing the observation to our attention.

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Director, Project Blue Book,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.

I am typing this for my Grandma sometime in March 1967 about 2:15 A.M. My Grandma heard the two big dogs Tarzan and Rex barking. She got up to let Cindy our small dog out and quite the big dogs as they were barking. Cindy jumped out and ran up the road barking, my Grandma looked up the road and saw a large object with red yellow and blue lights that was hovering over an orchard about a 1/2 or a mile away. She went back to bed because she was scared, about twenty minutes later she looked again and it was gone.

Bothell, Washington-98011
P.S. My Grandma lives in Yakima, Wash.

- page 37 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION". The document seems to be a questionnaire or reporting form for individuals to describe unidentified aerial phenomena they have observed.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as accurately and completely as possible. The information obtained from this questionnaire will be used in connection with our studies, analyses, and conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as that if it is deemed necessary, you may be contacted you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? [This, My, At]
2. Time of day: [Hours] [Minutes] [Circle One] A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: [Eastern, Central, Mountain, Pacific] [Circle One]
4. Where were you when you saw the object? BLOOMINGTON, INDIANA
5. How long was object in sight? [Hours] [Minutes] [Seconds]
6. What was the object? 
a. Shape: [Round, Cylindrical, Disc-shaped, Irregular, Other]
b. Size: [Very Small, Small, Medium, Large, Very Large]
c. How was time in sight determined? [Yes, No]
d. Was object in sight continuously? [Yes, No]
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? [To your left, In front of you, To your right, Don't remember]

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" with various questions and checkboxes.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars/Moon Circle One:
- Bright
- Dim 
- disappeared
- Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
- Clear
- Scattered
- Overcast 
- Thick or heavy clouds
- Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. About same
c. Dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 50 WATT LIGHT BULB

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright light
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and change speed?
c. Move slowly?
d. Give off sparks?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change color?
g. Disappear and reappear?

Yes / No / Don't know
Yes / No / Don't know
Yes / No / Don't know
Yes / No / Don't know
Yes / No / Don't know
Yes / No / Don't know
Yes / No / Don't know

- page 39 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an official U.S. Air Force document titled "Official U.S. Air Force" on page 3.

Text output from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It seemed to move away and disappear over the horizon.
15. Did the object move behind something or a cloud? If so, don't know.
16. Did the object move in front of something or a cloud? If so, then tell what. A closer look.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Size: about 25 feet in diameter
b. Color: White
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold at arm's length or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the known object or space is covered by the object if you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the sky was covered.
19. Draw a picture or sketch of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you may have observed (i.e., shape, size, color proportions, etc.) and carefully indicate the direction the object or objects crossed your field of vision.

- page 40 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a UFO report form with several questions and checkboxes. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text from the document:

UFO form continued

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where are you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In an automobile
c. In an airplane (type)
d. In a watervehicle (type)
e. Other________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North South East West
24.2 Estimate your speed _______________
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No (Circle One)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what, you saw, describe in your own words a common object or article which is the nearest in shape, size and appearance to the object you saw.

- page 41 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it shows a sketch or diagram with some text instructions related to UFO sightings and reporting. 

Based on the OCR, the text in the document is as follows:

27. In the left-hand sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" at the same curved line to show how high the object was when it passed closest to you. Place a "C" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it.

28. In the circle, draw the path the object followed. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. 

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 42 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a project blue book document, specifically an old UFO report.

Text extracted from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or status and location. 1970
31. Were you aloned at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes
31.2 Please list their names and addresses. Anderson
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name, First Name
ADDRESS: Street Address, City State Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Area Code Number
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. 
for the Blooming ton Indiana family
33. When and where did you report the object? October 5 1970 parents

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image, the output is:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page ?
24. Date you completed this questionnaire:
2 21 57
25. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 44 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document, containing information about light conditions, observer identification, weather and wind conditions, and other details related to a UFO sighting.

Light conditions: (use of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk)
Location of observer(s): Exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position with reference to a known landmark.
Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.
(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.
Weather and winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.
(2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000' if available.
(3) Ceiling: 15,000 BROKEN
(4) Visibility: 20 miles
(5) Amount of cloud cover: THIN OVERCAST
(6) Thunderstorms in area or quadrant in which located: NONE

- page 45 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information form that was used to collect data about UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR 
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena (UFOS) that you have observed. This information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions or publications. We request that you provide the further details:
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 5:20 Hours, 20 Minutes (Circle One: A.M. or P.M.)
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Daylight Saving f. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Redacted] California
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 Minutes
6. What was the condition of the sky?
NIGHT PARTLY CLOUDY
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 46 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" with various questions and checkboxes for the observer to fill out. 

OCR output:

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

8. IF you saw the object at night, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars (Circle One): 
    Brighter  Dimmer  Same  Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
    Clear  Scattered  Overcast  Don't remember
WEATHER (Circle One): 
    Dry  Fog, mist, or hazy  Moderate or heavy rain  Wind  Don't remember

10. The object appeared (Circle One):
    a. As a light  b. Transparent  c. Larger  d. As a light  e. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
    Brighter  Same  Dimmer  Don't know

11.1 Compare in brightness to some common object:
A page of lamplight a shining light.

12. The shape of the object was (Circle One):
    Circular  Oval  Elongated  Fuzzy or blurred  Other

13. Did the object:
    a. Appear to move at any time?  (Yes)  (No)  Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up, slow down, or change direction?  (Yes)  (No)  Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?  (Yes)  (No)  Don't know
    d. Give off smoke or flame?  (Yes)  (No)  Don't know
    e. Flash or flicker?  (Yes)  (No)  Don't know
    f. Disappear and reappear?  (Yes)  (No)  Don't know

- page 47 -

There is a photograph or drawing present in the image. It appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram showing the shape of the observed object or phenomenon.

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what.
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what.
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know

17. To the best of your knowledge, could you estimate the approximate size of the object? a. Small b. Color it is which a purplish glowing hue was observed b. Color. Could be white, purplish or glowing reddish.

18. We would like to know the angular size of the object and how much of the sky it covered. If you had to compare it to the size of a coin held at arm's length or the moon, how much of the sky did the object seem to cover? If so, how much of the sky did the object seem to cover?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to indicate the direction the object was moving.

(There is a hand-drawn sketch in the image, which appears to depict some type of circular or spherical object with protrusions or appendages.)

- page 48 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a UFO report form with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)      Yes      (No)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?______________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)      Yes      (No)
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Outdoor
c. In an automobile
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other_____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In a residential area of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. In a city?
e. Flying over what country?
f. Other__________________________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. East      b. West      c. North      d. South
24.2 How fast were you moving?___________________

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars       Yes       No
b. Sun glasses       Yes       No
c. Windshield       Yes       No
d. Telescope       Yes       No
e. Transiting       Yes       No       

26. In order to give us a view as close as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object you would compare the unidentified object which you saw.

Little sights? to the to flight on the surface at about 1000 to 1600 feet in altitude and appear to be rectangular shape something like an air craft, but could not make out any wing or taul surface, white or silver in color and seemed to be moving very fast without any noise, if 5 to 10 seconds to pass from south to north across the sky.

- page 49 -

This image contains a diagram and instructions related to reporting UFO sightings to the U.S. Air Force. The diagram shows an illustration of a UFO trajectory and various angles and positions. There is no photograph present in this image.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 27: In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object appeared when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it.

26. Draw a picture that will show the course that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Hand-drawn illustration shows a curved path with "A" and "B" points marked, and an arrow indicating changes in direction]

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, than how many were there? 
[Hand-written note: "2"]
Draw a picture at how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
[Hand-drawn illustration shows two objects and an arrow indicating their direction of travel]

- page 50 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, but it does not contain any photographs. The text on the page is a UFO form that continues from a previous page.

UFO form continued
Page 4

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)  Yes   No
31.2 Please give names and addresses.
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
Name: [Redacted]
Last Name: [Redacted] 
First Name: [Redacted]
Address: [Redacted]
Telephone Number: [Redacted]
Age: [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
If I saw more for [Redacted] than I usually do, I always try to get people to talk. I have a scientific background and I'm naturally curious. I suppose what I saw wasn't any ordinary thing.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
    Month: [Redacted]   Year: [Redacted]

- page 51 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically an "Official U.S. Air Force" questionnaire.

Text extracted from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  ___ day ___ month ___ year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Last night around 9 p.m. I saw a strange light in the sky. The light had a very fast speed of motion and was quite intensely bright. It seemed to be a solid object and was making a slight humming sound. The object maneuvered in the sky for some time, then suddenly made a sharp turn and disappeared from sight at a terrific speed. I have no explanation for what I saw, as it was not anything like an airplane, meteor, or satellite. I would appreciate any further investigation you can conduct regarding this incident. (known running lights, observed, and such a memorable report)

- page 52 -

The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force technical information document or form. It does not contain any photographs, only text and form fields to be filled out. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract all the text found in the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in continuing the study of these phenomena.

1. When did you see the object?
March 6-7

2. Time Seen: 
(Circle One): a. Sunrise 
b. Day
c. Sunset
d. Night
e. Don't remember

32 Hours - 
(Circle One): a. A.M. or b. P.M.

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Parker, Colorado

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
45 seconds

6. How did object behave in flight? 
Darted and zigzagged westward at very high speed, then stopped abruptly. Color changed from white to red.

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you 
b. Behind you
c. Overhead
d. Don't remember

FORM
ITD GO* 164 This form supersedes FTD 56, 61, 81, which is obsolete.

- page 53 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It shows a "FORCE UFO FORM" with various questions regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object, such as the appearance, weather conditions, and behavior of the object. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
1. More
2. Less
3. Very
4. Same

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
1. Bright moonlight
2. Partly obscured
3. No moonlight-pitch dark
4. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Hazy
c. Partly cloudy
d. Overcast
e. Fog, mist, or light rain
f. Moderate or heavy rain
g. Don't remember  

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Same
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to same common object:
3.5 watt light bulb in a 25"x25" room

12. The edge of the object was: 
(Circle One):
a. Sharp and clearly outlined
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Shimmering or transparent
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?    Yes   No   Don't know
b. Move in a straight line?              Yes   No   Don't know
c. Speed up, slow down, or change direction? Yes   No   Don't know
d. Break up into parts or explode?      Yes   No   Don't know
e. Give off smoke, trail, or exhaust?     Yes   No   Don't know 
f. Flare up or flicker?                Yes   No   Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?           Yes   No   Don't know

- page 54 -

The image appears to contain a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular image, but the document contains several questions and response fields regarding the observed characteristics of a UFO sighting.

Official U.S. Air Force
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? yes. it went through the clouds
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
it moved behind a long, burning, heavy dark
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: none
b. Color: red-whitish
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the match head is covered by the object. If any, record this measurement at the time of the sighting. For example, if the object would have been covered by the match head, approximately 98%.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can recall, such as size, proportions, etc. and especially include trails, if any.

Light reflection
+ Light

- page 55 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

As an OCR system, I will now output the text found in the document:

Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting. 
None

2. Interception or identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing Air Defense directives). 
None

3. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting.
None

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).
1. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.
None

- page 56 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a form that witnesses could fill out to describe their UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)  Yes  No

21. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
(Circle One)  Slow  Fast

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On an airplane (type)
d. Afoot

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. In open country?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. South  c. East  d. West  e. Northeast  f. Southwest  g. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?
24.3 Did you keep right on going, or did you slow down or stop to look at the object? (Circle One)
Yes  No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes  No
b. Telescope Yes  No
c. Windshield Yes  
d. Window glass Yes  No
e. Theodolite Yes  No
f. Other Yes  No 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common object or objects that you observed.
Balloon with an unusual lantern or light hovering over Applewood, Colorado

- page 57 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image does not contain any photographs, only diagrams and text.

The text OCR output is as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object(s) appeared above the horizon (cylinder) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the compass when you first saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Give a sketch of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 58 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a form that the witness filled out.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

UFO FORM CONTINUED

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES

31.1 If yes, answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES

31.2 Please fill their names and addresses.
REDACTED

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME REDACTED
ADDRESS REDACTED
TELEPHONE NUMBER REDACTED
SEX MALE

33. When and re-when did you report that you had seen the object?
DAY MONTH YEAR

- page 59 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on an official U.S. Air Force form.

Text extracted from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force 
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: March 12 - I
Year 

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire, or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I believe this was a balloon 
with a tight rope attached to swing showing that 
it was a round at the bottom.

- page 60 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an official U.S. Air Force technical information form.

OCR text output:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena (UFOs) which you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications which may result from this personal information in order to protect your privacy.

1. What did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 
 4:5  Hours  (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) A. Eastern B. Central C. Mountain D. Pacific E. Daylight Saving B. Standard
4. Where were you at the time you saw the object? 
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Hours Minutes Seconds
6. a. Fairly certain yes b. Not certain
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Directly overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FOR 251-144 This form supersedes FTD 149, but it, which is obsolete.

- page 61 -

The image does not contain any photographic material. It appears to be a page from a "FORCE UFO FORM" document, which seems to be a standardized questionnaire or report form used to collect information about UFO sightings.

The text on the form includes questions about the observer's perception of the stars, moon, weather conditions, and characteristics of the observed UFO, such as its shape, brightness, and movement. The form also includes checkboxes and fields for the observer to provide specific details about the sighting.

OCR output:

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3
3. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Bright 
b. Dim
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moon light
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
9.1 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Clear 
b. Partly cloudy
c. Hazy
d. Overcast or heavy rain
e. Raining
f. Snowing
g. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. transparent
c. Dull in color
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Comparable brightness to some common object

12. The shape of the object was:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Round or oval
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did it maneuver? (Circle One for each question)
a. Did it suddenly speed up?   Yes  No  Don't know
b. Did it suddenly slow down? Yes  No  Don't know
c. Did it make any sudden turns or angular changes? Yes  No  Don't know
d. Did it remain absolutely motionless at any time? Yes  No  Don't know
e. Did it change shape in any way during observation? Yes  No  Don't know
f. Did it disappear suddenly?  Yes  No  Don't know

- page 62 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which contains a form titled "Official U.S. Air Force". There is no photograph present on this page, only handwritten text filling out the form.

OCR output of the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Seemed to slow down and disappear into the horizon as it got distant.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes ( ) No ()

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes () No ( )
In front of: Horizon

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
  a. Sound: Silent
  b. Color: Bright white

18. We wish to know the angular size, speed, and direction of the object's motion. If you had something of known size at a known distance and could compare the size of the object with that, please give us the information. 
Could not estimate dimensions, speed and direction accurately due to rapid disappearance of object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you have observed, such as wings, tail, exhaust, etc., and especially indicate the direction of motion. Please do not surface inside the drawing.

[The image contains a hand-drawn sketch showing the approximate path and trajectory of the observed UFO object.]

- page 63 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 12:20 1.2 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. In a building
b. In a car
c. In an airplane (type)
d. At a desk
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?   Applewood, Colorado
d. Flying over any territory?
e. In your own back yard?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 About what speed were you moving? ___ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop your car while you were looking at the object? 

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Window glass Yes No
f. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, would you take a few moments to describe briefly the object itself and the manner in which it moved? Please use the available space below for your description.
The object was a disc shaped object that made a humming sound and appeared to change color from grayish to reddish. It appeared to be high up in the sky moving with a gliding motion. It was not moving very fast and seemed to be hovering or floating. After observing it for several minutes it disappeared behind some clouds.

OCR Text Output:
UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 12:20 1.2 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. In a building
b. In a car
c. In an airplane (type)
d. At a desk
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country?   Applewood, Colorado
d. Flying over any territory?
e. In your own back yard?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 About what speed were you moving? ___ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop your car while you were looking at the object?

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Window glass Yes No
f. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, would you take a few moments to describe briefly the object itself and the manner in which it moved? Please use the available space below for your description.
The object was a disc shaped object that made a humming sound and appeared to change color from grayish to reddish. It appeared to be high up in the sky moving with a gliding motion. It was not moving very fast and seemed to be hovering or floating. After observing it for several minutes it disappeared behind some clouds.

- page 64 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document related to UFO reports, specifically Project Blue Book. The page includes diagrams and instructions for observers to record their observations of UFO sightings.

OCR of the document text:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object
was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was
above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the curved line to show the compass direction from which
you first saw the object. Place a "D" on the curved line to show the compass direction in which you last saw the object.

23. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object, or objects, made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and an "B" at
the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Give a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 65 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a UFO report document. 

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Excuse the their names and addresse:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street, City, State, Zip 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
It may seem to be a remembrance of a UFO sighting experienced in the past, and the witness is providing more details about themselves and the sighting.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object? - To my friends

- page 66 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, likely a questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about the unidentified flying object that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 15 MARCH 1967
2. Time of day: 10:30 Minutes (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other _____________
4. Where were you when you saw the object? IN MY CAR GOING TO WORK ON 11-7 SHIFT
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) CERTAIN Minutes Seconds Not very sure
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

All of the text contained in the document has been transcribed above.

- page 67 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a blank questionnaire form from the U.S. Air Force.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2 - April 1957
33. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a further explanation of your sighting.

- page 68 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a document titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" which appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information form.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that your own give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any report or publication resulting from this gathered information. Unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
MARCH 12, 1967
2. Time of day:
(Circle One) a.m. or p.m.
3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
APPLEWOOD, COLORADO
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)
3 MINUTES
6. Estimate the size of the object:
VERY SMALL
7. If you saw the object during DAYTIME, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To the right
c. To the left
d. To your rear

OCR Output:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that your own give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any report or publication resulting from this gathered information. Unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 
MARCH 12, 1967
2. Time of day:
(Circle One) a.m. or p.m.
3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain 
d. Pacific
e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
APPLEWOOD, COLORADO
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)
3 MINUTES
6. Estimate the size of the object:
VERY SMALL
7. If you saw the object during DAYTIME, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To the right
c. To the left
d. To your rear

- page 69 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a "FORCE UFO FORM" which is a questionnaire or survey form used to collect information about UFO sightings.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

1. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. STARS:   (Circle One)
    1. Brighter     2. Dimmer     3. No change     4. Don't remember

b. MOON: (Circle One)
    1. Brighter     2. Dimmer     3. No change     4. Don't remember

2. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear     b. Cloudy     c. Rainy     d. Snowy     e. Foggy     f. Windy     g. Hazy     h. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid     b. Transparent     c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter than stars     b. Dimmer     c. Don't know

13. Did the object:
a. Hover - Remain still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Move slowly or rapidly? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Make any sound? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Give off smoke, vapor, or trail? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change color? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 70 -

The image contains a handwritten sketch or drawing in response to question 19 on the form, which asks the observer to "Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects". The drawing appears to depict a blurred or elongated object, similar to a cigar or saucer shape.

Text from the document:
Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Went out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Circle One:  Yes   No   Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what.
Went behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Circle One:  Yes   No   Don't know. 
If you answered YES, then tell what.
In front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No sound
b. Color - Round object, bright white
c. Size - Size of head of pin at arm's length

18. We wish to know the angular size, that is, the amount of sky covered by the object. This can be done by holding a pencil at arm's length and sighting along it at the object. Tell how much of the pencil or other object of known small size was covered by the UFO.
3 of the head of it.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 71 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically a form that asks various questions about a UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
20. Do you consider the object you saw a: (Circle One)
----- YES, then what speed could you estimate?
21. Do you think, or can you estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)
--- If you are certain, YES, then how far would you say it was? Approx. 2 miles.
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building.
b. In a car.
c. Other
d. I am at a private (type) 
e. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you going? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were sighting the object? Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No g. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No h. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No i. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No j. Other
26. In order to give us a picture as accurate as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object parts which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Text extracted from the image:

UFO form continued 
20. Do you consider the object you saw a: (Circle One)
YES, then what speed could you estimate?
21. Do you think, or can you estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One)
YES, then how far would you say it was? Approx. 2 miles.
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building. 
b. In a car.
c. Other
d. I am at a private (type)
e. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you going? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were sighting the object? Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No g. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No h. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No i. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No j. Other
26. In order to give us a picture as accurate as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object parts which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Resembled a disc type object, silver in color that hovered over the area for a few minutes then accelerated out of sight at a rapid rate of speed.

- page 72 -

This page from a Project Blue Book document contains a drawing of a diagram with instructions for observers to describe the motion and orientation of unidentified flying objects. The diagram includes a compass rose and indicates that observers should draw the path and direction of travel of the object(s) they observe.

OCR output:

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Please on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the diagram where you first saw the object. 

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and draw any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 73 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
31. Were anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31. If yes, circle one: Yes, No.
32. Please give the names and addresses.
22. Please give the following information about yourself:
Name:
Address:
Telephone number:
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object? Date Month Year

- page 74 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, possibly a questionnaire or report form.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 7
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: Mar 3, 1964
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 75 -

The image appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, which was the official program for investigating UFO sightings. The form is titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" and contains various questions related to a UFO sighting, such as the date, time, location, duration, and the observer's description of the object. There is no photograph included in this particular document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about an unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any publication, or publicity about this incident, unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 27 March 1967, 9:00 PM
2. Time zone: (Circle One) a. EST b. CST c. MST d. PST e. Daylight Saving 
3. Where were you when the object was sighted? Applewood, a suburb of Denver, Colorado
4. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 minutes
5.1 How did it first appear? Suddenly appeared in sky
5.2 Was it seen in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One) a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Overcast
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 76 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a "FORCE UFO FORM" used for collecting information about UFO sightings.

OCR Text Output:

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More stars
b. Less stars
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight (dark)
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Partly cloudy
d. Overcast
e. Fog, mist, or light rain
f. Don't remember or heavy rain

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. A as light
b. Star-like
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The image of the object was:
(Circle One)
a. Sharp and clearly defined
b. Like a bright star
c. Blurry or distorted 
d. Don't know

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?   Yes No   Don't know
b. Suddenly appear or disappear?    Yes No   Don't know
c. Change brightness?            Yes No   Don't know
d. Change shape?                Yes No   Don't know
e. Accelerate and change speed?     Yes No   Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear?          Yes No   Don't know

- page 77 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a "FORCE UFO FORM" document with various questions and options for the witness to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified flying object.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Faint or no moonlight
c. Bright moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Thick or heavy clouds
d. Don't remember

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry, calm, or light rain
b. Windy
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:
LET YOUR CHRISTMAS TREE ALL LIGHT UP

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Other: _____

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or change speed at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know 
d. Give off sparks? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 78 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force UFO report form.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? Yes. Explain: Zie statement
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes. Circle One "yes" - "Don't know" If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes. Circle One "Yes" - "Don't know." If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound: "Seemed to make no sound at all, very quickly"
b. Color: "Greyish-white"
18. We wish to know the angular size. Held a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the known object was covered by the match head. The object would have been covered by the match head.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can recall such as size, proportions, etc., and especially without trails or vapor trails. Please do not mirror because the drawing in-dicates the direction the object was moving.

10000

- page 79 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
Page 4

29. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Circle One: Yes
If you answered "Yes", then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Circle One: Less than 1500 feet
If you answered "Yes", then how far away would you estimate it was? Approximately 1500 feet or slightly less than 1 mile.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? Rural area

23. Were you Circle One: Alone
a. In the home/business location of a city?
b. In the surrounding location of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other: Rural area

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? Circle One: North 
24.2 How fast were you moving? Circle One: Stationary
24.3 Did the object appear to be stationary with respect to the ground, or was it moving with respect to the ground? Circle One: Yes

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes
b. Binoculars Yes
c. Telescope No
d. Windshield Yes
e. Windows Yes
f. Other: -

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or artifact which you feel resembles the object which you saw.

- page 80 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions relating to sighting and reporting unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The diagram shows a horizon line, an angular diagram with various angle markings, and a circular compass-like diagram. There is also some text in the image, which I will extract and output below.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the radial line to show how far away the object was when you first saw it. Place a "Y" on the radial line to show how far away the object was when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the position that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Give a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 81 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a filled-out UFO report form from Project Blue Book.

Transcribed text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.

31. Were you alone at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO 
31.1. If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2. Please list their names and addresses.

22. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
Street
City, State, Zip
TELEPHONE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen an object? 7 20 9532 - 15 - 522

- page 82 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document with handwritten text.

24. Date /on completed this questionnaire:
MAZ 24, 1949

33. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The object observed was round or elliptical in shape. Its motion was erratic, moving at a high rate of speed and then stopping, hovering, and making sharp turns. It appeared to be a solid object and not a reflection or illusion. The color was reddish or reddish-orange. No sound was heard. The object was observed for several minutes before disappearing over the horizon.

- page 83 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed description of a UFO sighting. There is a redacted or blacked-out section in the middle of the text.

UFO form continued
The size of the UFO was very impressive. The aircraft was strangely flattened. They appeared to be circular. It would appear that the whole surface of the craft was metallic and smooth. There were no protrusions or windows visible. I would estimate the size of the craft to be approximately 80 to 100 feet in diameter. I watched this from beyond 100 yards and the speed at which this craft accelerated vertically was incredible. This was a high speed and very low pitch.

The object is also described as strangely flattened, circular, and metallic and smooth in appearance, with no protrusions or windows visible. The text indicates that the witness estimated the size of the craft to be approximately 80 to 100 feet in diameter, and observed its incredible vertical acceleration.

- page 84 -

The image shared does not contain any photographs, only a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire form.

OCR Text:
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name and address will not be used in connection with any public information.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
Hours:    Minutes: 
3. Time seen: 
(Circle One): Daytime   Evening   Night
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Address:  
City or Town:   
State or County:  
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours:      Seconds:
6. What was the condition of the sky?
CLEAR   HAZY   CLOUDY
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): In front of you   To your left   To your right   Behind you
FTD FORM SEPT 164 This form supersedes FTD 134-SLS, which is obsolete.

- page 85 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" with various questions and options for the observer to fill out, but does not contain any photographs.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page - 3

8. If you saw the object at night, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Brighter 
b. Dimmer
c. Steady
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. Steady
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Raining
d. Foggy, mist, or light rain
e. Overcast or heavy rain
f. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Self-luminous
b. Reflected light
c. Dull, dark
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharp, distinct
c. Don't remember

13. Did this object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Hover                   Yes No Don't know
b. Move slowly          Yes No Don't know
c. Move rapidly         Yes No Don't know
d. Change in brightness Yes No Don't know
e. Change in color      Yes No Don't know
f. Leave a trail            Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 86 -

The image contains a "FORCE UFO FORM" document, which appears to be a questionnaire or report form used for collecting information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings. The form includes various questions about the observer's experience, such as the time of the sighting, weather conditions, and characteristics of the observed object. There are no photographs or images included in this particular page of the document.

Here is the text from the document:

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. Less
c. Same
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
9.1 CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Partly cloudy
d. Overcast
e. Don't remember

9.2 WIND:
a. Little or none
b. Moderate
c. Strong
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Brilliant
b. Dull
c. Shiny
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If the object appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare its brightness to some common object: _____________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Sharp
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Shimmering
d. Ill-defined
e. Other: _____________________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Move slowly: Yes No Don't know
b. Move rapidly: Yes No Don't know
c. Hover in one spot: Yes No Don't know
d. Streak or flash: Yes No Don't know
e. Break up into parts or explode: Yes No Don't know
f. Change brightness: Yes No Don't know
g. Change color: Yes No Don't know
h. Describe any other motion: _____________________

- page 87 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO object. The sketch is labeled "Trails of vapor" and includes several shapes and lines depicting the object's movement and direction.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes

13. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes If you answered YES, then tell what: it moved behind.

12. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes If you answered YES, then tell what: in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object. 
a. Sound WAS LIKE A LITTLE SOUND
b. Color DARK

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, tail, color, etc., and show the direction the object was moving.

TRAILS OF VAPOR

- page 88 -

