The photograph shows a man in a suit and tie holding what appears to be a camera. He stands outdoors, seemingly at an airport, as indicated by the context of the text surrounding the image. The man is looking slightly to his left, away from the camera, and has a serious expression. The image quality is grainy, which is typical for newspaper photographs of that era.

Here is the text from the document:

---
DAILY NEWS, TUESDAY, JULY 8, 1947

(Associated Press Wirephoto)
Kenneth Arnold, businessman flyer, holds camera at Boise, Idaho, airport where he hi observed se Hornet nines over Cascade Mountains in Washington. He didn't diet any pictures.

Who Has the Saucer? 40 States Join Game

(By Associated Press)
The game of spotting flying saucers broadened yesterday to include Massachusetts and Vermont, as stories about their disc continued to whirl fully as rapidly as the objects themselves.
Explanations of the phenomena ranged from the theory that they were radio-controlled flying missiles sent aloft by U.S. military scientists, to the suggestion that they might be merely sunlight reflected on wings tanks of jet-propelled planes.

One That Didn't Move.
A Spokane, Wash., woman reported the objects she saw were "about the size of a five-room house" but in clearer weather. The woman said the disks she observed remained in position.
At Rutland, Vt., a woman reported a brilliant object in the highest sky and her husband witnessing a high sheen she assumed to be a sky wave, although it didn't move at all.
At Boston, Cambridge, Mass., a housewife said she saw "a group of white, flying saucers whirling around and going at a tremendous speed."
The Massachusetts and Vermont reports brought to 49 the number of states in which the objects have been observed.

Thinks He Saw 'Em First.
With New England venturing into the game, Kenneth Arnold insisted astronomical observatory took note of the reports, but said it had had no luck so far in photographing one of the disc.
He mystery of future saucers first were reported June 25 in the state of Washington, but Charles Hamilton, superintendent of New Kingsport Town, Times-Tennessee composing room, said yesterday he had seen the discs two years ago.
They consisted of "bright aluminum, about the shape, size, and trailing speed of V-2 rocket exhaust," because of the Oak Ridge atomic bomb plant, there a "war secret," he said.

---