The image does not contain a photograph; it is a page of text from a report.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED //00/n

(Old Naval Station)

15 September 1947

Memo for: DTI-14ND,

Subj: Unidentified Object in Flight Observed by Pan American Pilots.

1. At approximately 1000 on 13 September 1947, reporting agent received
a telephone call from Lt.Comdr. –––––––––––––––, IS1, Air-Sea Rescue,
Operations Officer at the Midway Commander Hawaiian Sea frontier reporting
that a Pan American plane in flight from Midway Island to Oahu on the
previous evening had sighted an unusual object in Flight about 0500 GCT.
Arrangements were made by reporting agent to meet Lt. Comdr. –––––––––––, and
the Pan American pilots at the District Intellegence Office at 1130 this
date.

2. With Captain R.R. Lyons, USN, District Intelligence Officer, 14th
Naval District, present, Lb, Comdr. YOUNG and Pan American Officers were
interviewed by the reporting agents. They were, respectively, –––––––––––––––
–––––––– Plane Captain, who has been flying for Pan American for ten
years, has 7000 hours in the air, and has flown overseas over both the
north and south Atlantic and the Pacific Ocean between the Philippines
and the mainland, west to the Aleutian, second officer, who has 11 years
flying in the Pacific area, and in the past was in the Pan American ocean
navigation, 1700 hours in the air, has been with Pan American 2 years
flying on B-24's in combat flights for South Pacific, as well as an Air Transport
Coast training duty. Both aviators impressed reporting agents as completely
reliable, intelligent, and on observer were attempting to give a
factual explanation of an unusual phenomenon.

3. The information as supplied by Plan Captain, and concurred in by
second, is as follows: The Pan American plane was eastbound from
Midway on magnetic course 90, when at approximately 1130 time, flying
at 10000 feet and midday 2500 knots. The plane was flying on the automatic
pilot with the top-in-the right-hand seat in the control cabin and
observing the left-hand seat. It was dark and a normal 6000 - 9000 feet
there were cumulus clouds above, it was clear out both spread ahead the
time was about 45 minutes approximately.

4. The Pan American plane had passed Jupter Island at 0535 GCT. At
0333 GCT it was this was observed about 60° degrees off the starboard bow
of the plane. The light, about five to six times as many stars in the 10th mag.
off on approachable along recorts that this was musical to see. Was not a
sol or of an instrument light as volume apart one. Was not a reflection
The object appeared to be at a distance of some 25 degrees, and the
actual first observed was resembled to a bomb being blown away. The

UNCLASSIFIED //00/n - 1 -
```