The document provided is a black and white text-based page and does not contain any photographs. 

Below is the OCR output of the document text:

```plaintext
(Copy No. 104)
7 JAN 1946
ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
Use this form for inter-office correspondence. Place initials of dictator and typist, telephone
within headquarters. Number and location to right of signature.

Use entire width of sheet, both sides. Address all comments consecutively. Separate comments by horizontal lines across page.

SUBJECT Identification of Subject Matter (as per sample)

TO MCIA FROM MC/CI DATE 19 Feb 43 COMMENT NO. 1

1. Reference is made to the films taken by Mr.  (Incident #40) which were
forwarded for examination. The following data were derived from a study of the specimen.

2. It is concluded that the image is of true photographic nature, and is not
due to imperfections in the emulsion, or lack of development in the section in question.
The image exhibits a "tail" indicating the proper type of distortion due to the type of
shutter used, the speed of the object, and the fixed speed of the shutter. This trail-
ing off confirms to the general information given in the report.

3. The report states the object was seen at approximately 2000 feet at the
time of exposure. The observer also reports being able to saw clearly a canopy or en-
closure. The visual out say of an average personnel would allow for this perception, but
certainly not much further as the subject had low visual contrast, bolng gray against
a gray sky. If we can establish this distance from camera to subject, we will have a
quantity for. The report states that a 620 camera was used, indicating several possi-
bilities, since the 620 is nomenclature for the spooling and width of the film we may
have negatives 2½ by 2½, 2¾ by 3½ and 2¾ by 4½. The same would be had on a new and
latest 620 roll, 2¼ x 3½, 2¼x3½. If we extrate from sn2, the 2 by 2¼ size was ruled out,
leaving us with an area of either 3½ by 2¾ the Savioar format. Again by rough calculations
would be 4², and using 2000 feet as the approximate subject distance and the image size
at 7/64"", we have an approximate size of 44 feet as the diagonal of the object. Now if
we choose the latter value of 5" for focal length, we have an approximate value of 55'
for this diagonal. Points of measurement are indicated from xx to XX on Exhibit "A".

4. It should be pointed out, the need for more detail in reports is brought
out in this report. A summary would suggest the following points:

(1) Name of camera, type of film used, developer as well as time and tem-
perature, exposure time, focal length of lens and F value used.

(2) If possible, the camera should be aimed to include some ground and
horizon as this will help fix the distance from camera to subject by
imaging reference points. These reference points can be referred to
for evaluation.

 
(Signed) C. C. Spron]
JUSTS ca GIST, Chief
Technical Branch, Photo office
Technical n32 Department

LG/amb
32237
Bldg 2632

1 Incl
Exhibit "A"

UNCLASSIFIED

WHILE JUNE 41 MNI

(CONTINUES ON OTHER SIDE)
```

Please note that the blackened sections represent redacted information, and part of the signature has been intentionally obscured for privacy in the transcription process.