The image provided is a black and white photocopy of a document and it does not contain any photographs, so there are no photographs to describe.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
IN REPLY ADDRESS BOTH
COMMUNICATION AND EN-
VELOPE TO OFFICE IN
FOLLOWING INNER SYMBOL

TSNAD-23

TSNAD=23/AG/Osk
WRIGHT FIELD, DAYTON, OHIO
25 August 1947

SUBJECT: Flying Saucer.

TO: Commanding General
Army Air Forces
Washington 25, D. C. 
ATTN: AC/AS-2
Lt Colonel George Garrett

1. The specimen of an alleged "Flying Saucer" brought to this Command by Colonel H. M. McCoy, which were obtained by the FBI and given to Lt. Col Garrett, were examined to determine their connection, if any, with the so-called "Flying Saucers", or any project at AMC, Wright Field. The specimens were carefully examined by both technicians of the Analysis Division (T-2) and Electronics Sub-division (T-3). The latter organization stated that these specimens definitely had no connection whatsoever with the "Mogul" project nor with any other research and development project of this Command.

2. It is also the opinion of this Command that these specimens have no connection with the so-called "Flying Saucers" or Discs. These specimens, therefore, are considered as part of a hoax that has been perpetrated by most anyone seeking publicity or for any other reasons.

3. The specimens shown in the attached photograph include fragments of an undeterminable shape made from plaster of paris or similar material and containing some electrical resistance wire for measurement or heating purposes. The condition of the ceramics indicates that the resistance wire was heated electrically at one time or another. These fragments could not be connected with any AMC project. The other articles at the top of the photograph reading from left to right are identified as follows:

3. An outmoded type of magnetic speaker diaphragm made of aluminum alloy, manufactured by the Nathaniel Baldwin Company of Salt Lake City, Utah, which was first patented May 1, 1910. This article cannot be connected with any AMC project.

b. The second and third articles are bakelite coil forms 

UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED. LDD IE F 5200.iv
```

Please note that I only transcribed the text from the visible part of the document, and any text that may have been cut off on the edges or blocked by artifacts is not included.