The image provided is a scanned page from a document, there are no photographs within this image.

Transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
STANDARD FORM NO. 64
Office Memorandum · UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO : DIRECTOR, FBI 
DATE: 16 July 1947
FROM : SAC, WASHINGTON FIELD 

MEMORANDUM FOR THE OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR

1. On 12 July 1947, a call was made at the newspaper office of
the "Idaho Daily Statesman," Boise, Idaho. The aviation editor of the
paper Mr. David N. Johnson, was interviewed in regard to how well he
knew the gentlemen who also reside Idaho, and as to the credibility of
any statements made by Mr. Arnold, the purpose of the interview was an
attempt to verify statements made by Mr. Arnold that on 25 June 1947,
to various national news services to the effect that he, Mr. Arnold,
had seen 9 objects flying in the air above the Cascade Mountain Range
of Washington. These objects were subsequently referred to as flying
saucers or flying disks and will here-in-after be referred to as such
in this report. Mr. Johnson stated that he had known Mr. Arnold for
quite a period of time, having had relations with Mr. Arnold on various
occasions, due to the fact that both he, Mr Johnson, and Mr. Arnold
were private fliers and frequently got together to talk shop. Mr. Johnson
stated that as far as he was concerned anything Mr Arnold said could be
taken very seriously and that he, Mr. Johnson, actually believed that Mr.
Arnold had seen the aforementioned flying disks. Mr. Johnson stated that
after Mr. Arnold reported having seen the flying disks, that the editor
of the paper had assigned him, Mr. Johnson, the assignment of taking the
airplane belonging to the newspaper and exhausting all efforts to prove,
or disprove the probability of flying disks having been seen in the
northwest area. The results of this assignment to Mr Johnson and what
he subsequently saw is part of in a sworn statement signed by Mr. Johnson
attached to this report as Exhibit A.

AGENT'S NOTES: Mr. Johnson is a man of approximately 33 to 35 years of
age. From all appearances he is very reserved type of person. Mr.
Johnson has logged 200 hours of flying time in various types of airplanes
up to and including multi-engine aircraft. During part of the war years,
Mr. Johnson was in the First pilot on a 29 type aircraft being sent to
the Twentieth USAAF and stationed on Tinian Iceland, in the Pacific. It
is the personal opinion of the interviewer that Mr. Johnson actually saw
what he states what he saw in the attached report. It is also the opinion
of the interviewer that Mr Johnson would have much more to lose than gain
and would have to be very strongly convinced that he actually saw something
before he would report such an incident and open himself for the ridicule
that would accompany such a report.

1 Incl. Exhibit "A"
UNCLASSIFIED

FRANK N. BROWN, S/A, CIC 5th AF.
```