[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]

Extract From Weekly Intelligence Summary, ATC, 13 Jul 47

"FLYING OBJECTS REPORTS SUMMARY": The following is a digest of the only current reports that have been received through the intelligence system of this Command concerning unidentified flying objects. On 10 June 1947, rumors were drifting into Headquarters from rural areas in Hungary to the effect that "silver balls were floating across the sky in daytime." No accurate description or confirmation of this report was obtained. A newfoundland constable named [illegible], has reported to personnel of the Labeled Air Base Unit, ATC, Newfoundland Base Command, Fort Pepperrell that on 9 July at 2330 hours local time (0430Z), he observed for about a minute Fort "C" shaped object, followed ten minutes later by a fifth similar object moving through the air in the vicinity of Grand Falls, Newfoundland. According to the constable, all objects were flying east, moving very fast, and parallel to the ground, at an altitude of 30,000 feet. The first four were in trail formation. The constable described the shape of these objects as being like a "barrel head or a fish 'black specs on the tail end' but during no smoke trail." The newfoundland Saga Command reports also sighted a second unidentified observer of these objects, who described them as being "three-tailed" in shape. A check of weather records reveals that CAVU weather prevailed in the Grand Falls region at the time these objects were reported as being seen. [illegible] for Trans World Airlines and [illegible] for Pan American Airways, both stationed at Harmon Field, Newfoundland, report that on 10 July at 1750 hours local time (2200Z), they observed over that installation a circular object shaped disc of aluminum color with a brightness of "19,000 "feet", appeared to be of equal size to the wing span of a C-54. Weather records indicate that the weather at Harmon during the time this incident occurred was clear with scattered cumulus clouds in a line of from eight to ten thousand feet. These two men report that the disc was first sighted when it appeared about six miles SSW of Harmon; the two observers report that the disc seemed to "out the clouds as it passed over an 1800 to 2000 feet "blue-black trail approximately fifteen miles long" which is described as similar in appearance to the beam seen for an instant after a high powered landing light or search light has been switched off. Personnel of the Labrador Base Unit, ATC, Harmon Field, Stephenville, who relayed Wehrmann's and Woodruff's report to this office state that kodachrome pictures were taken of the disc which are now being developed, probably by Eastman at Kodachrome, N. Y. fort, and that will forward the prints "as soon as raced". On 11 July 1947, Col [illegible] at Major [illegible] of the 55th Fighter Reconnaissance Service Group, Elmendorf Field, Anchorage, observed an object resembling an aluminum colored "balloon about 3 feet in diameter" traveling at an unidentified altitude at a great rate of speed. On 12 July at 0330 hours local time (0430Z), major [illegible] of this same unit and some unidentified officers of the Alaskan Department observed a large balloon approximately 20 feet in diameter flying in the vicinity of Elmendorf Field. The object was reported as flying at an altitude of 2500 feet at an estimated speed of [illegible] miles per hour, paralleling the course of the mountains. A final item based on reports emanating from form areas in Hungary other [illegible]