There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

and the clouds were at approximately 5,000 feet, the color of which was grey
and they resembled dense cumulus. A 15-20 mile per hour wind was blowing.
At approximately 5 or 6 on this date, the observer, while working in the garden,
the noise stop and he hear a noise resembling a -20 aircraft, apparently com-
ing in a westerly direction. Upon visualizing, he observed to the north-
east what appeared to be an oval shaped object. He described this body as being
possibly 30 to 40 feet in diameter, revolving at an estimated speed of 100 miles
per hour. It appeared to be made of material in a small radius of possibly one-
half to three-quarters of a mile, suddenly vacated the surroundings. He later heard
the noise once more about 1½ to 2 miles to the south east and above him. A search
was made, and this time a completely round object, also of metallic grey, was seen,
which is as large as the diameter one would see if you stuck a dime on a board 3½ feet
from one. This shiny object on the second turn, it was in a northwesterly direc-
tion from its place of the again snapped a photograph, which more closely re-
sembled the image on the white than pencil -tin, tin, in the diagrams as ex-
hibited by I, as submitted to the Bureau with letter dated August 4, 1947, by the
Commanding Officer at Chief of Staff Arizona Instillate, Lexington Field, Oklahoma.
He further described the downward curl of the ship by stating that instead of
completing the leftward downward spiral a wing vaulted to the right and dis-
appeared into the clouds. It stated that just as it "vanished, he had snapped
the second photograph,

At the last point, which was at the time the shp made its third turn,
of approximately 450 to 500' between 1,500 and 2,000 feet altitude, Mr. Rhodes
described the appearance of this ship as closely resembling a picture illustrated
appeared on the front cover of the July 7, issue of the mechanics illustrated
magazine, only differences noted were, shape of the thing appeared
to be flying backward.

Mr. Rhodes also related that he did not associate the appearance
of this ship with the numerous reports of "flying discs," He stated, however,
that after a friend whose instructor was engaged as reporters to write a scrap-
appeared in the local papers was "blown up" to the extent that he, thereby
received $300 information furnished by him. Mr. explained that the
aforementioned dimensions and distances were only estimated, pointing out that
his previous experience probably assisted him in making fairly close estimates.
He related that he had been doing experimental work for the past ten years.
He also stated he was employed at the Naval Ordnance Laboratory, Washington,
D.C. during the early part of World War II and left there the beginning of
1942. Upon his return to Phoenix, he was employed at Falcon Field near Phoenix
which was leased by the British Government for training purposes. He instruc-
ted in instrument training, aircraft identification and gunnery practice. He
and finds that his hobbies are to do with science, physics, radio, electronics
and astronomy. He produces movies which he made of a radio controlled
airplane. He related that most of his work consists of building transformers
but it is also necessary for him to depend upon his musical ability for his
livelihood.

In explaining his results of photographing the object Mr.
stated he was surprised that the object appeared dark on a light back-

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED
AUTOMATICALLY AFTER 12 YEARS.

DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED