The image provided appears to be a scanned page from an old document, but it does not contain any photographs. It contains only text. Here is the transcribed content of the document:

---

"The extraordinary Celestial" mystery
The report of what is believed to be the largest
saucer ever observed reached the aasssstant
Flying Saucer Bureau from Nairobi, East Africa
Eye witness, Mrs. A.M. King of P.O. Box 4112,
Nairobi, writes:

       I was sitting at the end of June.
to S.S. Aamodtborg Castle en route to Cap-
town, and going through the Suez on or
about the sixth, sighting flying ships was out
of question since low peasant is at approximately-
12 p.m. when we viewed a particularly bright
star. I was traveling very high and appeared which
this with suddenly a searchlight appeared which
flashed a strong beam of light on the water within
25 yards to the ship. It described its nearest
shortening, and beamed lighter than its beam
the water and the next instant there was no more
light, but an object appeared apparently made
of steel and shaped like a cigar cut at the rear
end. It resulted in the altitude 20 ft. above the
sea remained on the air above the Castle, and
moved in the same direction.

       Culting b made its speed, after a second or
two the whole shape disappeared without a
sound, from our fiss rightgone flames which
shot out to almost half the length of the might,
I happened that there since big silence was a
boiling fire inside the ship. No-second Cloud
began to rise from the flames. No windows could
be seen, only a band of metal around the entire
thing, which, if it has been an employed cigar-
shape would have been certainly situated.

         The object was very large, about four times
the length of the aaroddborg Castle, and at a
rough guess about four times as high.

         We had a wonderful view, but in a few
seconds, it disappeared. No sight was had for
what causes is it is made and remains solely, ex-
cept its form. For a while it sighted usot was
the only one on deck at that time, but watoh-
ing the prows of the ship we saw some one did
not to slip off well with a fw Nsiavs . thus the
quite party of whom had seen the same thing
Whether it is recorded in the ship’s.

Note.
       The story I related to my husband and
friends, but without them showing any enthus-
iasm. I let the matter drop, and to my surprised
read letter of Captain Bicknell's experience over
Naples of similar15015, and saw to a shape similar
such hint an illustration of what I had seen and
drawn previously for my husband and several
friends.

       I saw this from a common response with
sighs of the object seen by Captain Bicknell and
Others over Mt. Kilimanjaro in February, 1953.
But only portibible differences being that the
was one principal off object and passes it over his
side and Bicknell; other nor did it possess any
sound but on the side, emitting burnt steam is
visible. The Bicknell object had several bands

---

Please note that the quality of the original document is poor, making some parts of the text difficult to discern accurately. Some words or lines might not be transcribed correctly due to the illegibility of the original scan.