The image you have provided appears to be a textual document, and there are no photographs present in it. Below is the text transcribed from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
MR 147 1208 I
21 July 1947

MEMORANDUM FOR THE OFFICER IN CHARGE:

1. On 10 July 1947, a check was made at the following locations in Palm Springs, California for the purpose of trying to locate [redacted]: Palm Springs Police Department, Palm Springs Newspaper, "The Desert Sun", Palm Springs Water Company, Southern California Gas Company, Palm Springs Telephone Company, Palm Springs Chamber of Commerce, Palm Springs Chamber of Commerce, Royal Palms Hotel, 5 Palm Springs real estate offices, and the City Offices of Palm Springs including water disposal, water rights, tax records and etc. No record of [redacted] existed in any of the above mentioned offices.

2. On 11 July 1947, Mr. Ryland W. Gorham, Postmaster of Palm Springs, California for the past 14 years was interviewed. Mr. Gorham stated that he had lived in Palm Springs for the past 24 years and that he was unaware if a person named [redacted] had ever lived in Palm Springs. Mr. Gorham stated that due to the fact that Palm Springs is a resort area and due to the fact that in the summer months only 3 to 5 thousand people resided in Palm Springs, whereas in the winter months 10 to 12 thousand resided in Palm Springs, it was very possible that [redacted] could have lived in Palm Springs more or less on a non-permanent status and he, Mr. Gorham, not being aware of it.

Mr. [redacted], General Delivery records revealed a letter addressed to [redacted] at Cicero, Indiana, Palm Springs, mailed from Cicero, Indiana, postmarked Cicero, Indiana, July 1947, at 5 P.M. The return address on the outside envelope was listed as the Gospel Tract Worker, Route 3, Cicero, Indiana. Mr. Gorham permitted the contents of the envelope to be examined inasmuch as the contents was 3rd class material and the envelope not sealed. The records were of a religious nature concerning the sad plight of American non-church goers, the second coming of Christ and etc. Superintendent of Mails was contacted by Mr. Gorham and stated that there was a [redacted] in Palm Springs who received mail through the general delivery of the Palm Springs Post Office, but that the last mail, other than the letter mentioned above, came through the Post Office approximately two years ago. The Superintendent of Mails seem to have a very uncanny memory and recalled where the mail coming in for [redacted] had been addressed to [redacted]. This mail was addressed to Mr. [redacted] in care of a trailer camp located in Palm Springs. On calling the trailer camp office, it was found that Mr. [redacted] had lived in the camp but departed approximately two years ago and left no forwarding address. Investigation is continuing in an effort to locate Mr. [redacted] and obtain a statement from him.

UNCLASSIFIED

FRANK M. BROWN, S/A, CIC 112 AACS

(A crossed-out word is also visible, but the text is not legible.)