The document does not contain any photographs. Here is the transcription of the text:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED
                                            (When Filled In)
                Memorandum for the Officer in Charge
Investigation of "Flying 
Discs"
2 September 1947

On 29 August 1947 in the presence of S/A Brewer (FBI Office, Phoenix,
Arizona) ------------ was interviewed at his residence at 
                                    Phoenix, Arizona, in connection with investigation 
of "Flying Discs". Mr. Rhoads stated that on the afternoon of 7 July
1947 immediately following a local thunderstorm, at about 1:00 while he
was walking from his home to his workshop (located approximately 100ft.
directly back of the house) when he heard a noise in the east which sounded
to him very much like the approach of a jet airplane, possibly a P-80. He
stopped and looked to the east but saw nothing for several seconds. A few
seconds later, however, an object appeared from the north-east. This object
seemed elliptical in shape with a diameter of 20-30ft. At first sight, it 
appeared to be at about 5000ft., traveling about 400 f.t.o.m.p. Its color
was gray, which made it blend into the clouds and difficult to see at a dis-
tance. As soon as it appeared in the north-east, he observed it and it
turned heading a level of about 2000ft., more or less, and spiraled down-
ward, spiraled upward into the west at an angle of 30 degrees, disappearing
into the cumulus clouds which appeared to be at about 5000ft. at that time.
The object was visible from the time of its appearance in the north-east to
its disappearance into the west about 60 seconds. In spite of the fact that
a noise was heard prior to the appearance of the object, while in view, it
produced no audible sound. The tail of the object had two points on the out-
side as well, visible as it made its two left-to-right circles, which had an 
approximate radius of 1/4 to 1/2 miles. The object had what looked like a
steel rod down its power underneath running both back and under the object.
The capability of the object from the sound was well over 600 m.p.h. with 
the na[n]ked eye. The object was not revolving on its own axis. It had no
discernible landing gears or propellers, It appeared to have an excellent
air foil (tapered from wing tip to object tip). It was stated that it is
possible that he did not hear the wing whip while in sight because of 
the rustling of tree leaves set up by a wind velocity of 10-15MPH. He also
stated that the first sight of the object resembled him to think it might be
the Navy's new Flapjack plane illustrated on the cover of the May 1947 issue
of Mechanics Illustrated. He later altered his opinion because this object
appeared to have nothing gears and no propellers, and the Navy ship is 
illustrated as having both. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
said that immediately after the object
had started into its first spiral he ran to get his camera, which he kept
loaded and set at all times for the purpose of taking candid action shots of
his family and which he kept right inside the door of the workshop. By the
time he returned with it, the object had completed one circle and had started
on its second. At this same time he called to his wife who was in the house,
but by the time she arrived in the back yard the object had disappeared.
------------- stated that he was made to take one photograph of the object while it
was at its lowest point (about 2000ft.) and another just as it came out of its second spiral ascent. (Exhibit 1) (Exhibit II). The second
photograph he states, depicts clouds, etc., made the disc invisible.

Geo:ge Fugate, Jr., Special Agent, CTC-ADC-AAF   UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
+1
```

Please note that some words appear to be obscured or redacted, indicated by "-----------".