The image does not contain any photographs. It features a typewritten document that appears to be a page from an old report. Below is the text extracted from the document:

INCIDENT: 75

UNCLASSIFIED
As the machine went by the ----- place, the trees over which it 
almost directly passed (Mormon Poplars) did not just bend with the wind as if 
a plane had gone by, but in ---- words, "grew around on top as if they were 
in a vacuum,"

------, eight years of age, said he first saw the machine 
coming down the canyon, heading from east to west and following the con-
tours of the ground. -----, age ten, saw it almost immediately. Both 
watched it fly out of sight behind a tree in a matter of moments. They 
said they then ran to their Father and learned that he too had seen the 
machine.

------ seemed completely sincere about the incident. He said his 
wife and daughter were in the house at the time and had not seen the 
machine. He questioned his brother, who also lives in the canyon, but his 
brother had been eating at the time and seen nothing. ----- and his 
two boys maintained that they had never before seen one of the discs. 
------ when interviewed, appeared to be a sober, middle-aged man.

------, the "Times News" reporter who originally furnished 
Special Agents with information about the incident, likewise stated that 
he appeared completely sincere about the machine.

No further attempt ------ made to locate ------, inasmuch 
as ------, who was with ------ at the time, was interviewed, and 
------ name was withheld from the newspaper because ------ and 
------ were fishing at Salmon dam while ------ supposed to have been
working in Twin Falls.

------ said simply that he and ------ could hear a roar. They 
looked up and could see two instruments flying at a great height, which 
------ mentioned might have been between four thousand and six thousand 
feet. However, he said he had no idea how large the devices were and 
consequently, they may have been several miles away. He said that he and 
------ were satisfied they had seen something and they were very doubtful 
that they had seen two planes.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS
NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED DOD DIR 5200.9