There are no photographs on the page. The text on the document is as follows:

```
THE DAYTON DAILY NEWS
SECOND SECTION

THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 1947 PAGE 11

Fast “Flying Pie-Pans” Stump Army CAA Men

PENDLETON, Ore., June 26.—(AP)—Army and CAA spokesmen expressed skepticism today over a report of nine mysterious objects—big as airplanes—whisking over western Washington at 1200 miles an hour.

Kenneth Arnold, a flying Boise, Idaho, businessman who reported seeing them clung, however, to his story of the shiny, flat objects, each as big as a DC-4 passenger plane, racing over Washington's Cascade mountains "like a saucer would if you skip it across water."

An Army spokesman in Washington, D. C., commented, "As far as we know, nothing flies that fast except a V-2 rocket, which travels at about 3500 miles an hour—and that's too fast to be seen."

The spokesman added that the V-2 rockets would not reassemble the objects reported by Arnold, and that no high-speed experimental tests were being made in the area where Arnold said the objects were.

A Civil Aeronautics Administration operator in Portland, Ore., added, "I rather doubt that anything would be traveling that fast."

Arnold described the objects as "flat like a pie pan," and so "skinny that they reflected the sun like a mirror."

He said he was flying east at 9,200 ft. in a two days ago toward Mt. Rainier when they appeared directly in front of him 25-30 miles away at 1, about 10,000 altitude.

By his plane's clock he timed them at 1½ minutes for the 47 miles from Mt. Rainier to Mt. Adams, Arnold said, adding that the later figured by triangulation that their speed was 1200 miles an hour.

"it could have been 1200 or 3000 miles an hour," he admitted, "but I know I never saw anything so fast."

He said at first he thought they were geese, but quickly saw they were too big—as big as a DC-4, which was about 20 miles away he said.

The U.S. pilot reported nothing unusual—

Then Arnold said he thought of jet planes and started to clock them. About the ninth, one went "off jet's job."

"I guess I don't know what they were—unless they were guided missiles," said Arnold, who continued here on a business trip.
```

Please note that the text has been transcribed as accurately as possible from the image provided, including apparent typographical or grammatical errors.