The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document. Below is the text contained in the document as requested:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

AF0ID-283
AOII-283
Capt Forunst/Hay/.
With 16 Jun 52

JUN 1 8 1952

MEMORANDUM FOR: DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF PUBLIC INFORMATION

SUBJECT: (Unclassified) Declassification of Unidentified Flying
Object Photographs

1. In accordance with request contained in your memorandum
of 5 June 1952, photographs 3492J A. C. and 34927 A. C. taken by
Mr. ------ while he was in the air in the vicinity of Phoenix, Arizona in July 1947 have been re-
viewed by this office and an attempt has been made to locate, the 
original negatives.

2. The original negatives are not on file in this Directorate
nor at the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB.
If it is determined that the Photographic Records and Services
Division here does not have them, it is suggested that Mr. ----
be asked for further and definite data to facilitate trace action.
Such information should include the name and rank of the officer
to whom the negatives were submitted as well as this organisation,
location and date. All of this data should appear on the receipt
obtained by Mr. --.

3. If, upon completion of the action suggested above, it is
established that the original negatives have never been returned
to ----, it is recommended that this be done as soon as they
can be located if no current policy is to be made personal photo-
graphic negatives of unidentified flying objects only as long as
is required to analyze and duplicate them for USAF use. Such action
would automatically declassify the photographs.

4. It is also recommended that the letter accompanying the
original negatives upon their return to Mr. ----- include an emu-
phasis on apol., the negatives were requested. Such an
expression of apology not should not only return fraternity, because
statement will possibly eliminate any air of secrecy which may have
become associated with them s a result of their prolonged retention
by this USAF. In this manner, it is hoped that Mr. ----- and the
press will not accord the env unwantde attention.

5. Although the photographs would be on file in thris Head-
quarters as unclassified following the action sugge tod paragraphs

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOI DIR 5200.10

---

Note: The redaction of names and possibly other specific information is indicated by dashes (-----) in the document.