The image provided appears to be a scanned page from a document, but there are no photographs on this page. Here is the text output from the document:

---
(2) Lt's Frnt's CO., 509th Bmb GP Tesyhida 6th Pdsd., Roswell AFB, N. Mexico

classified message from Roswell described a "flying disc" as being circular in

(5) (6) (7)

Lt's Materiel [illegible] at 9 p.m., mst, 6789 July to a location 17 mi. NW of Socorrow, N.M., 25 miles from the closest bombing range target [illegible] "Either war or N.W." Object "appeared stationary, seemed to be spinning." Object from 20,000 ft. to 10,000 ft., looked like parachute flare, dimmer. Studied by Lt. or 1-2 [illegible]. [illegible] lt. of mat had optical instrument, binoculars. Evidence collected corroborates recent tch technical intelligence release stating Martians could have possibly existed on Mars. Several radar detection of unidentifiable objects at various locations across U.S. No further investigation made by this base because of lack of sufficient details. Information current (unchecked) contains so many inconclusive points that two recent cases, which has [illegible] his mind, [illegible], [illegible] [illegible] (continued on top of next page)

rellas the ones which can reflect sunlight. In this case the size claimed (3 times) [illegible] [illegible] above cannot be considered at all, is proof of the unreliability of their information.

5. It is suggested that these items on the questionnaire be replaced by questions which will yield answers capable of aiding in definite facts in terms of the observer's best estimate of angles and times. From data given by Chicago of the two objects at two different places, a reliable calculated estimate could be made of the object's size, distance from and path. These data should include:

6. An estimate of the angular size of the object. A quick but reasonable estimate can be made by using the "finger method" by the 51st Fighter Group at Lung Wha (3/15/47 estimate of an average man's hand at 26° to 7" [fingers length]) will subtend an angle of approximately five degrees. In this way regular size from about 1/2° to about 5° can be estimated.

7. The estimated time required for the object to traverse the observer's angle of vision, as calculated by using the finger method extended or in terms of the observer's climax rate. After the observer has made marker--end of thumb, etc.--visible to Chicago by posting two points can extend his arms toward the two pointed end above 5° or 10° and by comparison estimate the angular extent of the flight. It is most important that information which will determine these directions, relative to compass points be given. If the angular course is associated with objects on the horizon, with trees, with the sun (if the time of day is also noted) or by the north star, the orientation can be checked at 

any later time.

8. The time required for the object to traverse the observed course. This is probably more difficult estimate to make.—

With a watch is the most satisfactory, but an observer is seldom prepared to do so. Seconds can be counted with good accuracy by saying:

3
S-31550
---