The image is a scanned page from a document and it does not contain any photographs. As an OCR, I will produce the text found in the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

between Boise and the village of Meridian, which as near as I can judge, was at least a few miles.

During this search, which lasted approximately two and one-half hours, I flew under and around rapidly forming cumulus clouds over the area known as the Dans Prairie, east of Boise. The clouds were rather thin while my flight started in that vicinity, but finalized a 75 mile radius distance east of Boise. At that time I saw nothing in the vicinity of these clouds.

At the time I reached the point between Boise and Meridian, I was flying at an altitude of 14,000 feet msn sea level, which would be a mean average of 11,000 feet above the earth in this area, now considering errors in the altimeter induced either by barometric changes since my takeoff, or by the temperature at that altitude.

I turned the aircraft on an easterly heading, pointing toward Gowen Field, and had flown on that course for perhaps a minute when there suddenly appeared in the left hand portion of my field of vision an object which was black and round.

I immediately centered my gaze on the object. At that time, due to its erratic movement, I thought I was seeing a weather balloon. I called the CAA's communication station at Boise, and asked if the weather station had recently released a balloon. The reply from communicator Rittencon was that the bureau had not. I do not remember his exact words; I am under the impression he said "not for several hours" or gave me the exact time of the previous release, which was around 08:20 that day.

Upon hearing this response, I turned the aircraft broadside to the object, pulled back the plexiglass covering to avoid any distortion, took my camera from the map case, and exposed about 10 seconds' duration of eight millimeter motion picture film. During the time the camera was at eye level,

[CLASSIFIED]

---