The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of newspaper text. Below is a transcription of the text from the document:

---
TIMES, THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 1947

"FLYING PIES" Stir Skepticism

Army, CAA Officials Unable to Explain Whizzing, Mysterious Objects

Pendleton, Ore.—(AP)—Army and CAA spokesmen expressed skepticism today over a report of nine mysterious objects—"brass -like things"—whizzing over Western Washington at 1,200 miles an hour.

Kenneth Arnold, a flying Boise, Idaho, businessman, who reported seeing them, clung, however, to his story of the shiny, flat objects, each as big as a DC-4 passenger plane, racing over Washington's Cascade mountains with a peculiar weaving motion "like the tail of a kite."

An Army spokesman in Wash-

ington, D. C., commented, "as far as we know, nothing flies that fast except a V-2 rocket, which travels at about 3,500 miles an hour—and that's too fast to be seen."

The V-2 spokesman would not reveal the rocket's rated speed. Arnold, and others who reported seeing the objects reported by experimental crafts were being tried in the area.

The objects were around Tacoma late in the afternoon. Arnold, a Civil Aeronautics Administration direction finder operator, added, "If there is no further doubt that anything would be traveling that

Arnold described the objects as "flat like a pie-pan," and "so shiny that they reflected like a mirror.

He said he was flying east at 2:50 p.m. two days ago toward Mt. Rainier when they appeared directly in front of him 25-30 miles away at 10,000 feet altitude.

By his plane's clock he timed them at 102 miles for the 47 miles from Mt. Rainier to Mt. Adams, Arnold said, adding that his later figured by triangulation that their speed was 1,200 miles an hour.

It could be wrong by 200 or "300 miles an hour," he admitted, "but I know I never saw anything so fast."

The nine at first he thought they were wild-geese quickly saw they were too big—as big as a DC-4, he said. The DC-4 flies between 175 miles and 220 miles an hour. Then Arnold instantly reported on it in a full modern thought of jet planes and started to look them for jet discharge contrails from them. "But," he said, "There weren't any—there were "jets—I don't know what they were. I never saw any guided missiles," said Arnold, who continued here on a business trip.
---