There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Here is the OCR output of the text present in the document:

---
Chapter II

LO!

The overture to the Flying Saucer opera took place in the summer of 1947, presenting the main themes that were to develop with fantastic variations during the fifteen-year-long drama that followed: mysterious apparitions in the sky, alleged interplanetary visitors, government investigations, growing public excitement, and elaborators zealously encouraged the hysteria and, as a climax, the existence of these hoaxes.

Arnold's Nine Disks

The first man to report a flying saucer was a veteran pilot named of a fire-control equipment firm in was flying a private plane on his way from Chehalis to Yakima, Washington. Above the Cascade Mountains at alt 9250 feet, he noticed a series of bright flashes in the sky to his left. Looking for the cause, he saw what appeared to be a formation of peculiar aircraft approaching Mt. Saint Rainier at fantastic speed. There were nine very bright, disk-shaped objects which he estimated to be twenty to twenty-five miles away, forty-five to fifty feet long, and traveling at a speed of almost 1700 miles an hour. Talking with a reporter that evening, Arnold said that the objects "flew like a saucer would if you skipped it across the water." In a later report to Air Force Intelligence he stated: "They flew very close to the mountaintops, directly south of southeast down the hogback of the range, flying like geese in a diagonal, chainlike line, as if they were linked together. . . . like a that dapple and so shiny they reflected the sun and the were flat like a mirror." Newspapers all over the country picked up the story and printed it under headlines describing flying pies, flying piepans may have been a saucers. Alert to the possibility that the objects might from Military type of aircraft of Russian origin, investigators from Air Technical Intelligence interviewed and officials Intelligence requested a report. No one doubted a word. He was an experienced pilot, a respected citizen, and a careful observer. Nevertheless his description showed some inconsistencies that made it difficult to decide what the nine disks really were. If they had actually been forty-five or fifty feet long, they must have been much closer than he thought; objects that size would not have been visible at a distance of twenty to twenty-five miles. However, if the estimated distance was correct, then in order to be visible the objects must have been much larger, at least 210 feet long. One of the estimates must be wrong
---