The image presented is a reproduction of a document page, and it does not contain any photographs. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

[Top section of the document is obscured by copy markings and is mostly unreadable]

TITLE                                                                        
Unknown Objects 

FROM:                                                                        
Maj Norway O. Col

SUBJECT:                                                                     
Airplane Design & Description 10                                            
Flying Discs - Meteor 13                                                     

REFERENCES:                                                                  

DATE:                                                                        
17 Dec 48

ACTION:                                                                       
X INFORMATION

ROUTING INSTRUCTIONS:                                                        
(Obstructed)

On the night of 12 Dec 47 at 2205, the 16-year old daughter of the [obscured] Oslo, Norway, perceived what appeared to be a falling star. Description of the brightness suggested by the origin and declinations of [obscured] 13 is as follows: The object which appeared unusually bright in comparison to other falling stars the witness had observed, traveled from right to left on the arc of a circle, the curvature of which was very great. Deductions by the MC placed its course just within the atmosphere. In this, the intensity which it somewhere within its arc greenish-yellow tail of long instantly remained in sight for some two or three seconds when it was obscured by trees bordering the driveway.
The witness saw no other falling stars, There was no noise or smell, the night was clear and star-lit.

[obscured] states the University Observatory at Oslo had no record of this; however, an employee of OMA, Oslo, reported that on 13 Dec 47 he had observed an unusual number of falling stars. The MC makes two observations which are of interest, i.e., (1) The objects are apparently traveling slower than (2) the speed or they would be discernible to many more people, and (2) the time of burning of the objects while under observation seems to be just a few seconds.

UNCLASSIFIED

[Signature Obscured]
A.C. [Obscured, possibly "Brown"], Lt Col, USAF
7 July 1948
--- 

Please note that the image contains some obscured and obstructed text due to the quality and copy markings on the document.