There are no photographs present in the image provided. It is a text document. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
15 September 1947

UNCLASSIFIED

Subj: Unidentified Object in Flight Observed by Pan American Pilots.

1. Object grew in size and intensity, but without any changing in color, to a point that was estimated to be one mile off the starboard bow of the plane.

5. The pilots were about to switch from the automatic pilot to manual control when the object verged suddenly to an approximate course of 150 degrees and swung the bright white "searchlight" to an SZS with the two star board and assumed a reddish hue. These two reddish lights did not have the intensity of the white light and appeared to be about a wing-length apart. As the object changed course, the extraordinary speed was propagated. The object far outraced the Pan American plane and the trail lights appeared to burn out an estimated 30 miles ahead of the Pan American plane. The entire phenomenon, both straight, was observed for not over six seconds, camping roughly estimated that the object was traveling at 1000 knots.

6. Both observers expressed familiarity with meteors and visual astronomical phenomena and agreed it could have been a meteor except for the manner in which it held altitude. At no time did the object appear to get above 10,000 feet or below 2,500 feet. When it disappeared, the object still appeared to be above 3,500 feet altitude. At no time did the object give off sufficient illumination to reflect on the cloud formation at 9,000 feet. Both observers were questioned at length on the possibility of an optical illusion and the possibility of the object dropping at an oblique angle, but both firmly declared that the object apparently changed course and that it appeared to hold altitude throughout the entire time it was observed.

7. This information was passed by telephone to Fleet Intelligence Officer, Pacific Fleet, and to A-2 of the 7th Air Force at Hickam Field. No evaluation of the unidentified object was possible by any of these agencies.

JAMES C. O'CONNELL
Intelligence Analyst
```