The image appears to show a newspaper page with the headline "Who Has the Saucer? 40 States Join Game." The page includes a photograph at the top.

Photograph Description:
The photograph depicts a man, identified as Kenneth Arnold, holding what looks like a map or a piece of paper with both hands in front of him. He is wearing a suit and tie and looks to be standing at an airport. The image caption states that Kenneth Arnold is a businessman flying over Cascade Mountains in Washington, but he didn't see any flying discs on that particular flight.

Below is the transcription of the text from the newspaper article:

---
DAILY NEWS, TUESDAY, JULY 8, 1947

(Associated Press Wirephoto)
Kenneth Arnold, businessman flyin, holds camera at Boise, Idaho, airport where he he said he didn't see any flying discs over Cascade Mountains in Washington. He didn't give any pictures.

Who Has the Saucer? 
40 States Join Game
(By Associated Press)

The game of spotting flying saucers broadened yesterday to include Massachusetts and Vermont, as stories about the disc-like objects whirled fully as rapidly as the objects themselves.

Explanations of the phenomena ranged from the theory that they were radio-controlled flying missiles sent aloft by U.S. military scientists to the suggestion that they might be merely sunlight re-fleeted on wing-tanks of jet-propelled planes.

One That Didn't Move.

A Spokane, Wash., woman asserted the objects she saw were "about" the size of a five-room house but a clearer statement from a woman said the disks she observed resembled pie pans.

At Rutland, Vt., a woman reported she and her husband witnessed a brilliant object in the night sky while she assumed to be a flying saucer, although it was stationary.

Else at Cambridge, Mass., a housewife said she saw "a group of white, flying saucers whirling around and going at a tremendous speed."

The Massachusetts and Vermont reports brought to 49 the number of states in which the objects have been observed.

Thinks He Saw 'Em First.

Within New England yesterday the game of the saucer hunting intro-astronomical observatory took hold of the reports, but said it had no one to look for "an astrigrap-bing one of the discs.

The mystery of saucers first were reported June 25 in the state of Washington, but one Charles Hanipe, superintendent of Newing-smont. Tenn., Times-News composing room, said yesterday he had seen the discs two years ago.

"They were sort of bright alumi-num shiny objects" he said, describing the saucer he saw at "terrific speed."

At the Cookeville, Tenn., because of the Oak Ridge atomic bomb plant, then a "war secret."

---
Please note, due to the quality of the original document and the limitations of character recognition from this scanned image, there may be minor errors or omissions in the text.