The image shows a scanned page from a newspaper containing text articles. There are no photographs present on this page. Here is the text from the document:

---

JULY 8, 1947

Missile Expert Reveals Seeing 'Flying Saucer'

Naval Lab Expert Tells of Seeing Craft

By WILLIAM J. BRADY

A Naval Research laboratory guided missiles expert yesterday described a "flying saucer" he and two fellow-scientists had observed June 29 near White Sands, New Mex., but admitted his unofficial report to Army officers there drew only fish-eye glances.

Glare in the Sky

Dr. C. J. Zohn, 400 block Melton St. SE., was in New Mexico to observe a V-2 launching test for the Navy. Four days before the test, he and Curtis C. Rockwood, also attached to the research laboratory, and John J. Kauke, stationed at the White Sands testing area, were driving a short distance from the launching site.

"Kauke suddenly spotted [Turn to Page 2, Col. 6]
a glare in the 'sky," Zohn said. "We all looked up and saw a silvery disc whirling through the unclouded sky.

"We watched the disk for per- [Continued on Page 2]

officials developed the following theories about the strange objects:
1. They may be a mirage produced by mass self-hypnosis, similar to the speed serpents often reported seeing from motorcycles on a Navy guided missiles test recalled a sky phenomena reported during the air warn Europe.

American pilots said they saw intgrated balls of fire which disappeared along planes in a flash of explosion smoke. A thorough investigation uncovered no basis for the reports.

2. The flying saucers are optical illusions, say some of the tricks the eye play upon the brain. Sometimes particles of dust banged about on the air suspended by the blindness of the sun near-by certain clouds.

Double Air Missile

So far as is known, no guided missile has been developed which can travel more than 300 miles under its own power. For this reason, Army and Navy officers doubted the object, if they do exist, were launched from any foreign country.

Dr. Zuvicky, astrophysicist professor at California Institute of Technology, of Ordance, in current issue is warned in the publication of the Army Ordnance Association, a semi-official group of industrialists and others interested in military weapons, said scientists were preparing to shoot "artificial meteors" to explore the secrets of the skies. These mock meteors, however, would be launched from rockets to eescape the grip gravity of the earth, and never return. Scientists explained they could rec- be mistaken for "flying saucers."

THE EVENING STAR, Washington, D.C.

'Saucer' Seen by Rocket Expert

Flight Over Desert Described

D. C. Navy Reseacrh Worker Says Flying Disc Was Unlike Any Guided Missile He Has Seen

"An eye-witness account of a flight of a "flying saucer" came today. from a Naval Research Laboratory rockets expert here as East-West were alerted along the aircraft course in the hope of locating one of the discs.

The 'eye-witness. Dr. C. J. Zohn wrote the mystery, the disc and the object noted today in the New Frontiers of the Philadelphia Institute of Science brought no disclosed they missing to have been released any jet-propelled disc or any of the experimental technology.
in the west by military authorities, The inventor said he felt certain that "quite a number" of such flying missiles had been produced and were in early stages of perfection. "An that they were capable of flying in quardrons and being controlled by "remote points."

Government sources have denied any tests are being conducted that might be the answer to the mystery reported as fired the Navy on June 25, An Army Air Forces [See FLYING SAUCERS, Pg. A-7]

Flying Saucers

[Continued From First Page]

did not discount completely the possibility of a guided missile, but pointed out that he had worked was V-2 rocket and that the the involse in any guided missile under they fired.

Dr. Zohn is stationed at the Navy Research Laboratory here and live at 440 Melton street S.E.

---