There are no photographs in this document; it appears to be a scanned page of text from a newspaper or report.

Here is the text visible on the document:

JUNE 28, 1947
C.P. More Flying Discs Reported In West
1,200-M.P.H. Objects Seen From Canada to Texas
PORTLAND Ore., June 29 (9—
Scattered reports came from the West today of mysterious flying saucers zooming through the sky at not-ballyhooed record speeds, and a famous flier said he saw nine of the luminous, round, flat objects over southern Idaho.
Kenneth Arnold, Boise, Idaho, fly­er, started the saucer report bal­last week when he told of seeing nine objects whizzing through the air at what he estimated was
1,200-mile-an-hour speed.
Experts doubted and known scientific phenomena had no ready explanation for such high speed objects. Arnold insisted on what he saw, although he said the objects made no noise apparent­ly were controlled by some sort of reflection rather than of a mechanical motive power. Witnesses to his report have appeared—each explaining it as something radically different.
When others began reporting discs at about escape-speed ve­locities, officials said the objects were no military secret—unless some other nation had some­thing to tell about. There was official wonder if the reports might be born of summer heat and too much tall-tale fishing talk. Arnold’s story got lots of hear­ing—the first discs were seen, he said, at about the speed scientists say is necessary for true space sailing. They maintain that for a craft to gain escape velocity—about seven miles a second—it has to travel in the thin air almost 10 times faster than the fastest plane now winging the air.
Veteran pilots who have fought in two wars, aeronautical engineers, even a county attorney, have re­ported flying-disc or saucer tales since Arnold's. They told of see­ing them, sometimes in clusters of eight or nine, in California, Oklahoma, Arizona and Texas.
Arnold, in an Associated Press interview Saturday, said he saw the nine bright brass-colored objects flying in formation about 3 p.m. last Tuesday while looking for a missing Marine trans­port plane east of Mt. Rainier, Wash. He estimated their speed at 1,200-miles an hour—about four times faster than any known plane.
...<Text Not Visible>...
...<Text Not Visible>...

Due to the quality of the scan, not all text is legible or visible. The missing text is indicated with "Text Not Visible".