There are no photographs present in this image. It contains only text and what appears to be a border of some sort at the bottom edge. Following your instructions, I'll act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

---

Incident No. 1 — 6 July 1947, 0930 hours local, Muroc Air Force Base.
Four witnesses, all observed two silver disc like or spherical objects against
a clear bright sky. All witnesses estimated the size at about 300 feet, and
the speed between 300 and 1400 MPH. It is possible to estimate distance and
speed of an object within a fair degree of accuracy if the size is known. The
distance is judged in this instance (see and 2) upon on estimates of distance
plus angular change on the horizon (see figure B, and C). In this incident, no
size could not be known, owing to the fact that the object was not identified.
The time in sight and angular distance traveled were not given. However, the
First witness stated he sighted the objects at 0930, and the last witness said
he was called to view the objects at 1000. Time in sight is therefore assumed
to be at least one-half hour. The objects were reportedly traveled in a tight
line. Taking the median reported speed (350 MPH), the objects must then have
traveled 175 miles while in sight. If the objects were such proportions as
to be seen at that distance, it is believed that more details could have been
observed at the first sighting; i.e the actual shape, distortion of body caused
by thrust, etc, rather than the more general remark that two objects
are.

A few moments previous to the sighting, the first witness
was engaged in conversation, quoting the witness, "my part in this
conversation was as follows: 'Someone will have to show me one of
those discs before I will believe it.'"

The statements of the three other witnesses were made to
the first witness, all three agree almost identically with the first.
It is probable, therefore, that their evidence was influenced by
suggestion.

A/IC Opinion: This report is a result of misinterpretation of the
nature of real stimuli, probably research balloons.

---