There are no photographs present in the document.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
65-9400
Director FBI 
August 20, 1947
C
O
P
Y
SAC Butte
Flying Discs
Refer to teletype to the Bureau dated August 15, 1947

Enclosed please find the newspaper account carried by the Twin
Falls, Idaho "Times News" on August 15, together with a sheet of paper on which
████████ has attempted to sketch his impression of the instrument which he claims
to have seen.

Concerning ████████ sketches, it may be noted that he believed the
outer edge which he has attempted to create in his drawing to have been about a foot
through. Likewise believed that the turbine or exhaust flame which he and
his son claim to have seen was about a foot through extended at least to the
back end of the device. The flame did not appear to taper off nor to widen out
toward one back.

█████████ and ███████ stated that they could see a knot on the side
of the device from which the flames were shooting, and that they could see a day—
light between the exhaust flame and the side of the device. The flames did not
leave any smoke or odor.

The ██████ boys thought that the "side view" sketch should show that
the device was more sharply angled from bottom to top, while ███████ himself thought
that it was more streamlined and curved. ██████ said that the instrument came to a
pointed or rounded top.

In his notations, ███████ mistakenly said that he had seen it on Thurs-
day. During interviews, he stated that it actually had been on Wednesday, August
13, 1947 when he and his sons saw the contrivance about 11:00 P. M.

██████ explained that he had sent his boys to the river to get some
rope from his boat. When he thought they were overdue, he went outside his
tool shed to look for them. He noticed them about 300 feet away looking into
the sky and he glanced up to see what he called the "flying disc." He said he
could only see it for a moment before it disappeared behind a hill which
obscured his view.

███████ rather stated that the contrivance was about seventy—five
feet in the air. ███████ resides in the depth of the Snake River Canyon, which
is about four hundred feet deep and twelve hundred feet across at that place.
According to his account, the contrivance was about three hundred feet below
the rim of the canyon and he saw it against the steep walls of the canyon on
the far side. He described its color as sky blue and stated that he doubted if
it could be seen against the sky. In telling you said that it was purely by chance
that he saw it and did not seem like a coin.
```