The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a report with only text. Below is the text extracted from the document:

---
with 14L incidents thus eliminated, there remain thirty-four
which contain some evidence that is regarded as more positive.
The observations and any conclusions are provisional, and evidence is
regarded as tentative and uncertain. When psychological and physical
medical factors were taken into consideration, all of these sightings
as explained rationally as pointed out in Reel Operations
Boxes in the Tactical Command Archives, Langley Air Force
Base, Va.

[...] (not translated)
(Psychological; continued)

This was sufficient psychological explanations for them
unidentified flying objects to provide plausible compliance though
parts not otherwise explainable. This errors in identifying real
familiar results chiefly from inability to estimate speed, distance or
size.

All of these remaining 34 incidents are treated in detail in next
reports. These incidents form no pattern in regards to time of
sightings or whether or not the presence. There are individual
sense, but in no single case was a hoax indicted by the report nor was
substantially held it is veen arstified a visual or aural
report no plause by.

Project Groups
B. Survey of ATIC Evaluation of Instance Reports

VII. A new CIA ATIC Evaluation of "Unexplainable reports".

The Out Astanding unexplainable incicidents (see Appendix III) total 34
incidents chacteristics. Two of these by statements of idea proper
nations and have been omitted from consideration most of the time period
stidents (Instances 17). Most were distributed without pattern
throughout the United States. A few were outside the U. S. and two
assumptions of appearance or prevalence were greatly similar. The four
Ported sightings occurred at various times of day and year.

ATTACHMENTS
In the following section of this report, each remaining unexplained
incident is considered seperately. It is not the intent to get innormal
character or obvious, but each case has unresolvable elements either
from the distant, attitude command, delegations is mainly the
or no eauipsents in this pictports Attachment.

1, 7, 17, 21, 29, 35, 37, 40, 41, 50, 62, 63, 73, 75, 76, 77, 78, 80,
111, 122, 124, 131, 152, 154, 162, 163, 173, 195, 225, 235, 245

--- 

Please note that the text contains gaps and unclear parts (indicated by [...] and other placeholders), which suggests that the original scanned document was partially illegible or not captured accurately by the scanning process.