The image does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text from the document:

```
HEADQUARTERS
AIR TRAINING COMMAND
Offices of ACOS, A-2

UNCLASSIFIED
BARKSDALE FIELD, LA.

23 July 1947

IN REPLY REFER TO:

SUBJECT: Flying Disc Found in Shreveport, Louisiana
7 July 1947

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION:

This office received a report at 2100, 7 July 1947, that a flying
disc had been located in the outskirts of Shreveport, Louisiana, and immediately initiated an investigation which revealed the following information:

1. Mr. [Redacted], Shreve-
port, Louisiana, stated in an interview on 7 July 1947, that
at 1805, 7 July 1947, he had heard the disc whirling through
the air and had looked up in time to see it when it was approxi-
mately two hundred feet in the air and coming over a sign board
adjacent to the used car lot where he was standing. [Redacted]
stated that smoke and fire were coming from the disc and that
it was traveling at a high rate of speed and that it fell into
the street in his immediate vicinity. [Redacted] further stated
that he had retrieved the disc from the street and immediately
notified Army Officials at Barksdale Field. (C-4)

2. Examination of the disc disclosed that it had been
made from a round piece of either Alclad or Fibraloid, Specific-
ation A1clad-13 clad aluminum, or inlays of thermoset. In the
center of the disc was an ordinary interfire. 3 Kason Mousetrap
light which was fastened on 064 inches by a Parker-Kalon self-
tapping screw. Located on each side at approximately one inch
from the edge of the disc was a condenser of an unknown type
which was held in place by an aluminum strap which was
fastened to the disc by two brazied hard aluminum rivets,
Specification AN-456-DB. Two strands of coiled copper wires
connected the condensers to the starter in the center of the
disc. The condensers and the portion of the disc adjacent to
the top of the condensers appeared to be covered with soot. (A-1)

3. On 8 July 1947, [Redacted], manufacturers of plastic fans,
whose business address is [Redacted], Shreveport, Louisiana,
stated in an interview that he had made the disc in order to play
a joke on his boss and that the starter had been taken from a
```

Due to the size of the excerpt and resolution, the entirety of the text at the bottom of the page cannot be accurately transcribed.