The document does not contain any photographs. It is a typewritten text with some words redacted. Below is the OCR output of the text from the document:

---
AF-1209-I
Incident
3 September 1947

RESTRICTED FOR THE OFFICER IN CHARGE

Berkeley, California, was interviewed 3 September 1947 at his place of employment, the Ernest Orlando Lawrence Radiation Laboratory, University of California, concerning flying objects he is reported to have seen on 29 July 1947 while in the San Francisco area of this 15th AAF District (AFI). 

states that on the 29th of July 1947 shortly after 12 noon he and [REDACTED] had just landed from a routine training flight when [REDACTED] called his attention to an unidentified flying object that was following a P-80 aircraft at a terrific rate of speed, and estimated the P-80 to be flying at approximately 250 miles per hour on a preliminary approach to landing at Hamilton Field. In his statement on the object he saw following, the P-80 maintained a speed only slightly less that the P-80's for approximately a 3-minute later a 180 degree turn and flew away from the field at a tremendous speed of perhaps 900 to 1,000 miles an hour. The 180 degree turn was described as a 24 aircraft’s maneuvers when accompanying heavier ships, or a left to right movement, over the object first slighted. [REDACTED] stated that his maneuvering continued until the objects were out of sight. He estimated the time to be approximately 15 seconds, the course approximately 120 degrees. [REDACTED] did not estimate the size of the objects nor actual altitude, although he did not hesitate then to say beyond six thousand feet. He indicated vertical type reverses being made by the object nor and unlike any conventional type aircraft he had ever seen. When questioned whether he was familiar with a Navy "Flapjack", [REDACTED] stated that he was, and that he was certain the objects he reported seeing were not of this nature.

ADVISORY NOTE: [REDACTED] is a former officer of the USAF AAF and a P-29 pilot of considerable experience. It would not convey the impression of being the kind of person who would rashly state having seen objects, nor has he any apparent reasons for publicity. [REDACTED], Berkeley, California.

#532

---