The image is a scanned page of a document, and it contains no photographs. It appears to be a text document with a significant amount of text degradation, making it difficult to discern the contents. Below is the text I can decipher from the image:

---
e. Although I could not accurately judge the distance, I know
ings the object is light and metallic of a couple thousand
feet with the object, several times applying the object completely,
course, requiring a more or less projectile such as escaping a
air control, conducted with in a yet non this object might however
it the object to move at such speed. The speed of the object
disappeared from time with the rest of various reports and assume
no definite to shift course while I observed it. It did not
reportedly lose altitude.
 
f. ... color. the object had the appearance of flat-rimmed white
light. it. No red ... might with light with no red ... The rim mo on on
light night. ... the motion it visible to at ... the course 
black lines from the ... to the red circle end in four or discarded
floor, or perhaps the structure of the ... and could be followed
through record ... the building ...The objects to immediately d cloud
conditions or our local Ruttan Radar Hill. 
there ... in broken clouds at that time of inclination, or
tod ... to track on or suitable conditions and must ... 
mediate vicinity at the time that seems ...
not ... Since it does have been impossible back therefore. I do not
personally remember the weather conditions that the T. ... radar
not blinking. 

g. Although the date of this occurrence is not inclined to think of
it as usual, enough to make my ... Mr. ... describe ... to her, nor by any
... shout it make an occasion service as I passed without considerable
from the ... fleeting glimpse I had of similar ... Add in the outer bur
considered just the that it could come ... the phenomenon at cause being
... of his brother Captain one ... 2500 hours, outside and perhaps
rarely behind come it ... routine ... the action ... by reaction and speed
...
only the that can ... as ... meteorological ...
... above the cloud-base ... go on could hardly ... before ... long as
... since he would have at least shared in ...
... not entering ... result of imagination, and ... lend not genuine,
which fell in one place. 

---

Please note that due to the poor quality of the document, parts of the text are illegible or missing, and therefore, a complete and accurate transcription is not possible. The text appears to be describing observations of an unidentified flying object with specific details about its appearance, movement, and conditions at the time of the sighting.