There are no photographs present in the image provided. Here is the text as recognized from the document:

---

to see a "Unidentified Object" mystery 
"The report of what is believed to be the largest 
saucer over observed is revealed to the Airline 
Flying Saucer Bureau from Nairobi, East Africa. 
Eye witness, Mrs. A. M. King of P.O. Box 4122 
Nairobi writes:

"...Mr. Kinsey at the end of june- Cargo 
to S.S. Aandderay Castle on route to Cap-
town, and going through the Suez with on 
board about sixty passengers of various out- 
going and incoming flights stopped at 
12 pm. when we observed a particularly bright 
star. It was traveling very fast and approached 
the ship, suddenly a very bright appeared which 
flashed a strong beam of light on the water within 
2 yards to the ship. It described its nearest 
shortening, and became lighter again than 
the water and the next instant there was no more 
light, but an object appeared apparently made 
of steel and shaped like a cigar cut at the three 
end. It remained in the air about 25 ft. above the 
sea engulfed in the blaze and then rolled, end 
turning in the same direction.

"Causing a halo of speed, after a second or 
two the whole ship disappeared with a 
sound, from four flaring tongues flames which 
shot out to almost half the length of the object. 
It appeared that inside the hot substance there 
must have burned three times, but still we could 
bear no noise from the flames. No windows could 
be seen, only a band of metal around the entire 
thing, which, if it has been an airplane engraft-
ing, would have been certainly situated.

"The object was very large, about four times 
the length of the Aandderay Castle, and at a 
rough guess about four times as high.

"We had a wonderful view, but in a few 
seconds, it disappeared. No light was still on 
when darkness. It made very smart recovery up-
ward as it rose. For a while we thought we were 
the only ones on deck at that time...., but walk-
ing by the prow of the ship we saw the same siz-
zling star's effects were still a few Sundays on the 
the spray of whom had seen the same thing 
Whether it is recorded in the ship's log...

The story I related to my husband and 
friends, but without them showing any enthus-
iasm. I let the matter drop, and to my surprize 
read later of Captain Bicknell's experience over 
Mount Kilimanjaro in 1954, and saw to some 
shape an illustration of what I had seen and 
drawn previously for my husband and several 
friends.

"... Mr. Eogus does not shape recognized with 
notes of the object seen by Captain Bicknell and 
drawn over Mt. Kilimanjaro in February, 1951, 
but only probable differences belie a truth as 
there were peripheral shapes not possessed over the 
subject as Bicknell object: nor did it possess any 
seems that the seido enforcing band about its 
middle. The Bicknell object had several bands
---

Please note that due to the quality of the scan, there are several typos and words that are not clear or incomplete. Therefore, some parts of the transcription might not be accurate or complete.