There are no photographs present on this page of the document. 

Here is the text as an OCR would produce:

---

Chapter II

LO!

The overture to the Flying Saucer opera took place in the summer of 1947, presenting the main themes that were to develop with fantastic variations during the fifteen-year-long drama that followed: mysterious apparitions in the sky, alleged interplanetary visitors, government investigations, growing public excitement, and elaborators zealously encouraged the hysteria, and, as a climax, the existence who hoax that produced material "evidence" to prove the existence of spaceships.

Arnold's Nine Disks

The first man to report a flying saucer was a veteran pilot named [Redacted]. The representative of a fire-control equipment firm in [Redacted], Idaho. On the afternoon of June 24 Arnold was flying a private plane on his way from Chehalis to Yakima, Washington. Above the Cascade Mountains at about 9200 feet, he noticed a series of bright flashes in the sky to his left. Looking for the cause, he saw what appeared to be a formation of peculiar aircraft approaching Mt. Mount Ranier at fantastic speed. There were nine very bright, disk-shaped objects which he estimated to be twenty to twenty-five miles away, forty-five to fifty feet long, and traveling at a speed of almost 1700 miles an hour. "New like a saucer would if you skipped it across the water." in a later report to Air Force Intelligence he stated: "They flew very close to the mountaintops, directly south of southeast down the hogback of the range, flying like geese "In a to southeast diagonal line, as if they were linked together... like a diagonal, chainlike line and so shiny they reflected the sun and they were flat like a piepan or so shiny they reflected the sun and they were flat like a piepan (sic) of the country picked up the story and printed it under headlines describing flying pies, flying piepans might have been a saucers. Alert to the possibility that the objects might from Military new type of aircraft of [Redacted] origin, investigators from Air Technical intelligence interviewed [Redacted] and officials from [Redacted] intelligence requested a [Redacted] report.
No one doubted Arnold's word. He was an experienced pilot, a respected citizen, and a careful observer. Nevertheless his description showed some inconsistencies that made it difficult to decide what the nine disks really were. If they had actually been forty-five or fifty feet long, they must have been much closer than he thought; object that size would not have been visible at a distance of twenty to twenty-five miles. However, if the estimated distance was correct, then in order to be visible the objects must have been much larger, at least 210 feet long. One of the estimates must be wrong—

---