The image does not contain any visible photographs. It is a document page with text only. Below is the text content found on the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
1st Ind
XC1AF2-/3/hwj/av

Hq AMC, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio            FEB 7 1949
TO: AMC Engineering Liaison Officer, Air Materiel Command, MIPA Project,
   P. O. Box "S", Oak Ridge, Tennessee

1. The negatives forwarded with basic communication are returned herewith.

2. Analysis of the negatives revealed the following information:

   a. When the negative, containing the sphere, is examined by
strong incident light, it is noted that the emulsion is raised at that 
point above the normal level of the remaining emulsion. This indicates
that either a drop of warm water or a drop of developer struck the film
at this point and rolled down this negative and the succeeding negative.

   b. To further substantiate this, it will be noted that when
the two (2) negatives are placed side by side with the edges of the film
aligned, the so-called "trail" is continuous, that is the two sections
match, indicating the drop rolled on from one negative to the next.

   c. Still further proof is shown on the fogged edge of the
negative containing only the trail. This is proven by the fact that the
trail extends beyond the normal format of the negative. In other words
there is a trail of that section of the negative which was not exposed in
the camera. This effect shows up in one negative and not in the other
because the negative in question is fogged; therefore, this irregularity
was developed.

   d. Still further proof of there defects lies in the number
of unevenly developed sections of the negative.

3. It is suggested that the be advised of the nature of
the images when the negatives are returned to him.

4. In view of the positive conclusions stated above it is recommend-
ed that this correspondence be declassified by the originator.

BY COMMAND OF GENERAL McMURRAY:

1 Incl: 
1. Ltr dtd 12/15/48
2. Two negatives
3. No photographs
   (four w/d)
4. w/d

H. I. GLENCHMAN
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Technical Intelligence Division
Intelligence Department

UNCLASSIFIED
234
```