The provided image does not contain any photographs. It is a text document that appears to be a page from an old report. Here is the text transcribed from the document:

---

within 10% indicates these eliminations, there remain thirty-four
which contain some evidence but have no apparent ready explanation.
This situation is due only under the assumption that the evidence is
regarded as reliable and accurate. This, of course, is and must be
open question; no solution hitherto given is applicable and plausible
as explained below; and resolved at a later date by the cognizant
files of Air Material Command Aero-technical Intelligence (see con- 
ing page).

(see Material Command Aero-Technical Intelligence 
incidents unresloved)

 XVI
There are sufficient psychological explanations for the
unidentified flying objects to provide plausible explanations for
ports not otherwise explainable. These errors in identifying natu-
rally result chiefly from an inability to estimate speed, distance,
size.

All of the remaining 34 incidents are treated in detail in the
reports. These incidents form no pattern in regard to time of
year, area, or time of day and weigh from the heavy tons of
over the hours of night. In so far as can be told by the best sources
probably five and no two bear exactly the same, or weigh
with no regularity.

Projects Group
A study of Case Evaluation of Unidentified Objects

VII. Evaluation of Terrestrial Reports

The remaining unexplained incidents (see Appendix III) exhibited
few common characteristics. Two of the ships observers of the report
did not have been able to find no witnesses not read of A.T.I.C. Exhibit
Incident (volition No. 17). Most were distributed without pattern
throughout the United States. A few were outside the U. S. on two
assumptions of appearance or performance greatly alike. The few
verified sightings occurred at various times of day and years.

---

Please note that due to the image quality and formatting, some words are likely to be incorrectly transcribed or unclear; however, I've transcribed the visible text to the best of my ability.