The image does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned document. The text on the document reads as follows:

```
COPY
INFORMATION UNCLASSIFIED BY
Indemn 1208-11
5 August 1947

MEMORANDUM FOR THE OFFICER IN CHARGE:

On 5 August 1947, this agent interviewed Captain █████ in the 415th AAF BU,
Hamilton Field, California, regarding flying objects in the
air. Captain █████ stated in substénce! He is an instructor pilot in
the 415th Training Unit. On 29 July at 1450, Captain █████ and a student,
1st Lt., █████ parked an AT-6 near the hangar, building 507 of the California, landed
and taxied
Walking From the hangar, Captain █████ observed 2 objects, 415th AAF BU, toward
Just over the senior 's P-80, at approximately 20,000 to 10,000 feet in alti-
tude, Captain █████ saw two flying objects traveling the same direction
as the P-80. He,█████, judged the solid, white, somewhat shiny objects
were approximately 15 to 25 feet in diameter. █████ stated that he
didn't call them discs due to the pliability in the objects, but none ro-
tatin in any w they were circular, like a ball with no sign to suggest its com-
pletely around, and were apparently metallic substance that those objects were not
airplanes.

The first flying object was traveling straight and level, whereas
the second was close behind the first, same altitude, only it seemed to
be going from left to right and right to left, more or less like a guard
in an aircraft formation. Captain █████ futher stated that the speed
of these two objects made a P-80 look as if it was motionless in the air.

The sky was clear, consequently Captain █████ and Lt. █████ watched
the two objects until they diииииppared in fiight, supposedly over Oakland,
headed toward the ocean.

Due to the noise of the P-80, no sound of any kind could be heard from
these flying objects.

These objects did not leasve any vapor, smoke, or any visible trsails
along their flight path.

Captain █████ informed this agent he had never told anyone about
these flying objects, fearing that people would think he was crazy.

AGENT'S NOTES: Captain █████ showed extreme sincerity throughout the
interview, answering all questions with caution and assurance,

JAMES A. NILSSON, Spec, Agt., CIC AAF
```

(Note: The redacted sections, indicated by █████, are where sensitive information, such as names, has been obscured in the original document.)