The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Below is the text output from the document:

```plaintext
RAY DOX MFG. CO
INDUSTRIAL RESEARCH LABORATORY
SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL ELECTRICAL
HYDRAULICS
PNEUMATICS 
X-RAY

PLAIN CITY, OHIO
JULY 4, 1947

Commanding Officer
Air Material Center
Wright Field, Ohio

Dear Sir,

We suggest that you obtain a copy of AMAZING STORIES magazine for September, 1945 on page 157 is an article which gives a detailed description of the Flying Saucers.

This is a detailed description of the flying saucers seen by Mr. Kenneth Arnold, Boise, Idaho and many other people over the country for many years as published in the morning papers, July 1.

The project bellow to an organization that is well known which has its own airfield in California, consisting of 16 of these Flying Saucers, all tried and true. A population of the end of time, the lives of the people of the Southwest possible extermination, except the most hardened who may fight it out. Col. of D— A. will tell you.
   
This organization is headed and led by three who are known through-
out the world as dedicated men in the secret about 90% of the worlds
population. The three ancient Imes, those who can see, no will be.
   
The top speed of the challenges is not known to us here, but they have been clocked at better than 1200 miles per hour. These saucers cover about 70,000 feet up, no less, traveling the atmospheric stratum similar to a Television 20, combination of Gr— MOTOR NO. 1, PLUS
additional of the X— Work on Anilex 8 embodied in R— Motor Time
with THERE A HELP PARTS— Motor E— added CITI NO. 2
   
Permission is given to print this letter if desired.

Sincerely yours,

/s/
T. W. Bennehoff
Encl.
W/B/Pn
2nd
```

The text appears to be a letter discussing the sighting of flying saucers, providing a reference to a magazine article and speculative content about an organization involved with these flying saucers. The letter includes various initials and obscure references that are difficult to interpret.