There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Here is the text output from the document:

---
but which one? Until that question was settled, the computed object
was meaningless, since to estimate the velocity of a moving speed,
an observer must know either its true distance or its true size. Even
after careful study, Air Force investigators could not identify the
disks; they might have been clouds, a mirage, or some kind of aircraft, but no definite answer was possible from the evidence available.

Predictably, after so much publicity, a rash of similar sightings
broke out all over the country and continued for the rest of the
summer. During the hot months of the "silly season," newspapers,
traditionally hospitable to tales of barnyard freaks, sea serpents
and man-bitten dogs. Such stories were now shoved aside as people
in every state began to report unorthodox objects sailing through
the sky--flying disks, flying dimes, flying ice-cream cones, flying
shoe heels, and flying hubcaps. Seeing the strange objects in all
pastime, businessmen who had reported saucers behaved with impeccable faith, resented the implied ridicule. Deluged with telephone
calls and mail, he resolved to keep silent in the future even if he
should happen to see a sixty-story building flying through the air.
In spite of the publicity, the flying-saucer scare would probably
have died with the first frost of autumn but for the efforts of a
talented writer, editor, and publisher of science fiction, Raymond
Palmer. Among the many letters Palmer received was one from
a taverner (and editor of Amazing Stories. Tired of being laughed at,
Palmer found the tone of "sincere interest" so appalling that he
answered the letter [a]. After a second letter a week later, he
changed his mind about keeping silent and agreed to sell his story
for publication.

Under the title, "I Did See the Flying Disks," the article appeared
in the first issue of a new magazine, Fate, which published "true
stories of the strange, the unusual, the unknown." Although
**** was not a professional writer (he had the assistance of an
expert and produced a vivid, equally written story--Palmer had had
unusual experience in helping fledgling authors tell their tales. In-
teresting differences betweendemonsstrate how much he must have owed
in the magazine version it, he might not have included certain
to editorial help that he had apparently overlooked earlier. In his
colorful details, for example, he said that he had at first supposed
the disks to be some type of experimental aircraft; in the magazine
version he added that, even at the time, the objects had given him
---