The image provided is a typed document without any photographs. Below is the text extracted from the document as it appears:

MAURY ISLAND, WASHINGTON
June 1947

The original sighting as given by ████████ ██████ and ██████ ██████ was to the effect that ██████, while patrolling in his boat near Maury Island, Washington, sighted six flying discs, one of which fluttered to the earth and disintegrated, showering his boat with fragments which caused some damage to the boat and killed his dog. ████████ also stated that he had taken pictures of the discs he had seen but the pictures were marred with white spots.

The following day ██████ went to Maury Island to verify what ██████ had told him regarding the disc fragments. At this time, ██████ picked up several fragments and stated that he also saw one of the discs hovering over the Island but that it disappeared into a cloud.

Sometime during June or July, Ray Palmer of Ziff-Davis Company, which published fantastic adventure magazines, received a letter from ██████ in which ██████ related his disc story and also submitted some fragments of the alleged flying disc. Ray Palmer then hired Kenneth Arnold to investigate the sighting.

On the evening of July 31, Arnold tried to arrange a meeting be- 
tween ██████, ████████ and two Army intelligence officers. ██████ re- fused to attend the meeting but ████████ attended and related the entire event to them. As the two officers were leaving ██████, as gave them some fragments of the alleged disc. Unfortunately, the two officers were returning to Hamilton AFB, the B-25 in which they were flying crashed and both officers were killed.

The following day several newspapers received anonymous calls to the effect that the B-25 had been shot down by a 20 mm cannon so that the disc samples could not be analyzed and these calls were responsible for the news accounts that insinuated that the B-25 had been sabotaged.

Subsequent investigation revealed that:

In early June, at the request, of the Seattle Post Intelligencer, his Associated Press Wireman at Tacoma interviewed ████████ concerning the disc sighting. ████████at the time ████████ and ████████ stated that the whole thing was a fantasy. ████████ at this time ad- mitted that the whole thing was a hoax.

There was no recent serious damage, if any, to the boat, Upon request, ████████ was unable to produce the photos which he had, men- tioned earlier to ████████.

(Note: Redactions in the document appear as black bars covering the text.)