The image provided is a scanned document page with text and redacted sections. There is no photograph present in the document image.

Here is the text from the document:

HQ, Fourth Air Force
Intelligence Division
Hamilton Field, California
CONFIDENTIAL
27 June 1947

to the object he also left the ... rocks, en route from the calculated...
on either side. His personal plane encountered no difficulty. Weather en route
was was delayed for an hour to unload when a large number of
today when down near one of the sources toward of the fields.

After taking on ..., which flew directly towards Mt. Rainier at an altitude of
approximately 9,500 feet. Below the ... looked like elongated or a
saucer was which seemed to ...
the vertical saw which all in the vast reaches ever for the entire ship and flew
to the west was whose edge one of the crescents where he lived, Washington
located.

Unable to see anything that looked like a ice local ship, he ... made a 360°
turn to the right above the little city of ..., started again toward
Mt. Rainier and climbing to an altitude of 9,500 feet.

The pilot reported that the sky was so smooth that it was no need place a
same flying saw, did not have places to when the did the acted had where at
higher altitude, he turned out the circles and simply sat in his plane observ-
ing the sky above the terrain.

... ..., reported that there was no to be to the rear or to each end a
approximately 10,000 feet. The sky was without fog or clouds as clear as
he hadn’t flown more than two or three miles on his course when a terrific
flash reflected on his airplane. He looked every place in the sky and couldn’t
find where the reflection had come from. His altitude being to the left and
behind, he ... about to be observed a chain of nine looked sour long discs...
along a course below where obvious apparently 9,500 feet going, maintained,
a ... direction of about 170 degrees. They were everything so. ... was two
evaded, and he assumed they were ... aircraft. Every second two or three of
the objects would dip or changes course through the time sun
within he had an overlap and reflect logically. The objects being quite far
away, it was unable to for exact records to my at the close up clearly. In
they ... as circles, round in be observed in cuts the definite
was seemed to be form he when he the that ... in below the piano cloud
to guess whether they were type yet distance, he couldn’t find their tails
to guess in southern edge of ... Rainier flying directly south to southwest down
the high tail of a mountain of ... plane clear one of the objects was estimated
to have varied approximately a standard auto way or another two hundred
every move that which would indicate they were air to an elevation as
high winds... standard was line through look like they seem to travel
the general description in one stated that ice of circular them. Their seemed to be
a common diameter in square that was the could the high mountain peaks. Mr.
witness estimated the distance between him and the objects to be approximately
25 miles. Using a loose fastener or compass tool he estimated the size of the
objects to be approximately two thirds size of C-46. He observed the UFO’s
course to to their followed wide in between Mt. Rainier and Mt. Adams and
reported that so the that objects was speading his south crease of this wide
he less one was spanning the extreme crest of the ridge. Left measurements