The image presented is a typed text document and does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

---

Incident No. 10 -- 7 July 1947, 1600 hours, Phoenix, Arizona.
One observer witnessed an elliptical, flat, shiny object, measuring 20-30 ft across, flying 500-600 mph, spiraling downward to 2000 ft from 3000 ft, then ascending at a 45° angle into an overcast. Observer ran into a garage where he obtained a Kodak Brownie 120 box camera, and snapped two pictures, one negative, and a print of this other, are contained in project files. The negative displays a small apparently flat object rounded on one end, and pointed on the other. The object appears to have a hole in the center. The image is in stark contrast with the background of clouds. From the print, the object appears to be jet black with sharp outlines. Four expert photographers concur in the opinion that the image is of a photographic nature, however, they disagree with each other as to the possibility of aligning such an appearance under the conditions described. Considering the object's very disorder shape, and at a distance of 2000 feet, it seems unlikely that it would appear pure black on the print. The subsequent correspondence to the reporter of this incident, the observer refuses to release as part of the data, stating that to do so would breach the confidentiality among one of his specialities. Yet, the negative was carelessly stored until fully developed. It is cut with streaks and grid over a desk or on this end, has faded very noticeably, an OSI agent discovered that a year by this observer was stimulated by Amazing Stories magazine and Wells' "War of the Worlds" by this latter he stated that he had "an interview to two radio stations," and in the interviews following the session that the pictures had not been returned. Requested the advice of the OSI and as to how to proceed to submit the document. This individual is aware of the whereabouts of those pictures, but has never requested their return. There are other undesirable aspects to this case. The observer's character and business affiliations are presently under investigation, the results of which are not yet known. Dr. Irving Langmuir studied subject photographs, and after learning of the prior passage of a thunderstorm, discounted the photographed object as being merely paper swept up by the winds.

AF Opinion: In view of the apparent character of the witness, the conclusion by Dr. Langmuir seems entirely probable.

---