The image does not contain any photographs; it is an image of a newspaper page. Here is the text from the document:

MONTANA STANDARD-BUTTE SATURDAY MORNING, JUNE 28, 1947.

Rejection to His Story of Fly' Saucers
Causes Idaho Businessman to Shudder

PENDLETON, Ore., June 27.--(U.P.) Kenneth Arnold said Friday he would like to get on one of his "mysterious saucer-like objects and escape from the furor caused by his story of mysterious aircraft. "I haven't lost a moment's variation of the flight told the story of the 32-year-old Boise, Idaho, businessman." I felt a kind of preacher called him from Texas and informed him that the strange objects Arnold claimed to have seen beating through the skies actually were haildrops of some sort.

Arnold said he didn't get the preacher's name during their phone conversation, but the minister said he was editing his world's "Story for the rest of this week, said Arnold.

"I wish numerous persons to stop referring to me as some kind of idiot, but it wasn't half as disconcerting as the episode in a Pendleton cafe.

Arnold said a woman rushed in, dashed one look at him and then fainted. "You see," said Kenneth, she was so stunned from the stories someone had said out of me eating place. "She thought she would have to go to and compete for her children," Arnold hod of Arnold a quipotintative of a fire control equipment firm, started the commotion Thursday by reporting he had seen nine shiny round objects skimming through the skies on June 24 between Mr. Rainier, Wash., and Mt. Adams. Arnold said he was able to clock them with the stopwatch on his own plane's instrument panel. He said they were spitting off his nose tip by hats.
"The objects whipped me off and on over 1,200 m.p.h. "That was a thing that has gotten out of hand," Arnold went on. "I want to talk to the FBI or someone."

"Flat as the tension in Seattle, "He has competition look at Flash Gordon and Sweepeaks, I wouldn't think my wife back in Idaho with."

At the casuelle Arnold to change his mind of back down: the doctors care if s the expect laugh him off. He said most of his aviators were probably him that what he saw friends fell explain one of two things: New planes or quise military secrets still carne up. Some Air lies sent' in the U.S. Army experienced that were experimental or thought of as earth shaking, probably Russia.

"Most people," he said, "tell them right."

But meanwhile, serious scientists are in Washington and elsewhere were hearing off on, Arnold's story with facts and figures straight out of their boots.

The protagonists seemed to be that Arnold's numbers moved faster as he claimed, why couldn't short of radar tracked with anything ever been armed.

The latest mum has Traced at an identified by Col. Albert Boyd in a P-80 jet daily press hour—a New York review.