The image provided is a black and white scanned page of a typed document. There are no photographs present on this page.

Below is the OCR text output from the document:

```
ADDRESS REPLY TO:
COMMANDING GENERAL, SECOND AIR FORCE
OFFUTT FIELD, OMAHA, NEBRASKA

ATTENTION:

HEADQUARTERS SECOND AIR FORCE
OFFUTT FIELD
FORT CROOK, NEBRASKA

16 July 1947

SUBJECT: Flying Disk

TO: Commanding General, Air Defense Command, Mitchel Field, N.Y.

1. At 1445, 1 July 1947, Colonel Sisbert, A-2 Division, Fifth
Army, Chicago, telephoned me and stated substantially as follows: A
Mr. E. H. Schaffer, Civil Air Patrol, Black River Falls, Wisconsin,
telephone 2368, had just telephoned Headquarters Fifth Army instead
that there had been found in the Black River Falls Fairgrounds a flying
disk, description of which was substantially as follows: 15 inches in
diameter, 7 inches in thickness, silver colored, made of plywood and
cardboard, and he had lent his was a motor propelled machine placed kind
some rado calls. I immediately contacted Colonel Dahord, Chiefs of Staff,
Second Air Force, and suggested to him that I telephone Mr. Schaffer and
have him ship collect to this Headquarters the flying saucer. Colonel
Dahord agreed and the call was placed to Black River Falls at 1500. About
a half hour later, the telephone operator informed me that Mr. Schaffer
had departed for Milwaukee and he could be located in that city after
1530 at Broadway 4121. I asked the operator to inform Mr. Schaffer
my (in Milwaukee as soon as it was possible, that day and the following
day (Sunday) our efforts to contact Mr. Schaffer were to no avail. At
about noon Saturday, I phoned the Chief of Police----
Riyer Falls and he stated that he, along with a few other people
in and near Black River Falls had seen the flying saucer, as it had been
on display and admission of 50¢ per person was being charged to view it.
Mr. Young told me that the disk was at the moment locked in the vault at
the local bank and could not be gotten to until, the vault was opened at
about 9.00 o'clock Monday morning, 14 July.

2. Mr. -------- stated that agents from the Federal Bureau of Inves-
tigation from Milwaukee had flown to Black River Falls in a chartered
airplane and inspected the disk, stated that in their opinion it was a hoax,
and had returned to Milwaukee.

The next day I placed a call to the Commanding Officer at the
575th AAF BU, at Wold Chamberlain Field, Minneapolis. Colonal Sanders
was not there at this moment, and I talked with Carney, the OP Officer
the Day, to whom I gave the salient facts covering the flying platter,
and told him of my conversation with Mr. Young, Chief of Police at
Black River Falls. I told Lt Carney to tell Colonel Sanders to try to
follow Flying Disks the following morning and carefully examine the object
arrangements and to communicate with me as to the possibility of its being
a second report on the sequence of disclosures ranging from practical joke
airplane one flying disk.
```