The image displayed appears to be an old document and does not contain any photographs.

As requested, here is the output of the text found in the document:

```
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER TWELVE YEARS
DOD DIR 5200 10

                 UNCLASSIFIED

Page 2
Supplement to Trip Rpt to Western Labs - 3 and 4 Jun 48

6. All agreed on the following; the object was very high, moved 
faster than any known aircraft, possessed a rounded, indistinct form, and
disappeared suddenly rather than fading away in the distance. It was under
observation 1/2 minutes or slightly less. It was definitely not a balloon
and evidently not manned judging from the violent maneuvers which were per-
formed at a high rate of speed.

7. A meteorologist stated that he placed great credence upon these obser-
vations because all these men are trained balloon observers. He suggested
that an observation team equipped with a special theodolite be on call and
that it be placed at Holloman Air Force Base in order that more definite informa-
tion might be secured in the event of a recurrence of an incident of this
type. He also suggested that the radio sonde stations in the U. S. be alerted
for incidents of this type, the personnel to alert the observers in this depart-
ment to be on the watch for and to report any similar incidents.

8. Mr. xxxx  of the Radar Laboratory was interviewed on 4 June
1948. His statements did not check very closely with those contained in Lt.
xxxx's report but this office xxx very xxxxx xxxxx that Lt. xxxx was
one of two observers on a xxxifid 50 MC Optical Tracking Device. The
observations this xxxxxx xxxxxxx see on this equipment could not be con-
firmed at any time by the other tracker. Mr. xxxx xxxxxxxx off the xxxxx
and was generally 3 or more xxx than xxxxxx as nearly the illusion of
the view xxxx. He xxxxxxxxx that his xxxx of the xxxxxx and was possibly
due to a distant xxxxx. On 8 may he did not observe the xxxxxxxxxx and
also spoke of "cirrus" which is the effect on radar by the white xxxxx xxx to
an "eye," directly west of the air base, clear and which resulted from
being III called "angels" which have been detected and which are believed to
be xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx in air density. Such phenomena have been observed and
reported from China Edwards.

                 ACTION OF OS XALXON

1. In the light of Mr. xxxx statements, the frequency of the
sightings at Holloman Air Force base does not warrant the placing of an ob-
servation team at that station. Should the sightings become more frequent
and more substantial evidence be received xxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx
were, further consideration will be given to the activation of such a project.

       The xxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxx xxx pepper XXXXX Xxxxx will be questioned
as to their feasibility of directing their radar antenna so that the 
location for unidentified aerial objects, and similar results will be xxxx to 
the xxxxxxxxx Corps and Cx; artillery through the Quarterxxx, xxxx Field Forces.

                                                          xxxx Col., xxxx
                                                          Project Officer
                                                          Tech Intell Div.
                                                          7.
                                                          UNCLASSIFIED
```