The image provided is a typed document with no photographs present. I will transcribe the text from the document for you:

---

St. Louis, Missouri
Dec. 8/1966

Dear Sirs,

Have been reading of the U.F.O.'s and case reports in the Science Mechanics Magazine. This report will probably be meaningless due to the delay, but could be a part to a mysterious puzzle or as a matter of record.

Approx: August 11th 1947 1630 E.S.T.
Place: ST. Louis, Missouri
Duration: From 1st sighting in southern hemisphere (180°) to out of sight northern hemisphere (360°) 5 minutes.
Observers: Two football teams, myself included and about 25 spectators.
Type Observers:Nine aircraft ground instructors of varied backgrounds. Nine PIlot, Aircraft and engine students. 25 spectators variable backgrounds.
Number Objects: Odd number, either 7 or 9. Dont recal at this time.
Sky Cond.: Cobalt blue sky, no clouds. In the aviation circles known as CAVU.
DImen., Shape and Color: Disc size of a grape, black one side and white or reflected light on the other side.
Speed: Very fast, guess at 1000 mph or as can be figured from Time and Distance given under Duration.
Altitude: 25 to 30,000' at about 750 from point of observation. Actual Altitude and speed not fixed due to the size of a grape.
Sound: None
Tactics: Objects moved from South to North as straight as anyone could walk, drive, fly or sail. They seemed one rather were in a Vee or local Vee Formation. One on point the othetr stepped above and below intrail.

These objects were observed to, shall I say flip, and in perfect unison from black to blight approx. every 2 seconds. At first thought to be bombers, but; it was all quite a where were the contrails? Also they made no droning noise.
The second thought were that they were ducks but at this altitude? Besides they were headed the wrong way for this time of the year. Then too the formation was too perfect.
The nearest explanation to this possible source of power was the perpetual motion seen in a jewelers window, absorb and reflect of the sun rays.
Dont know wheather this has ever been reported or not but thought you may be interested anyhow. I have been in the Aviation business 20 Yrs as Comm. Pilot, A & E Mechanic with Inspection Authorization, Am presently employed by the U.S. Gov. as Inspector at is Rockwell.

Sincerely 

(signature or name redacted for privacy reasons)
Florissant, Missouri 63032

---

Please note that personal signature or name, if present, has been redacted for privacy reasons in line with the image capability guidelines.