There are no photographs present in this image. It is a text document.

The text in the document reads as follows:

---

August 19, 1947 UNCLASSIFIED

all of his information in the hands of the Army. [REDACTED] stated that a couple
of days later he called [REDACTED] at McChord Field and asked him if there
was any new information concerning the incident. [REDACTED] states that Major
[REDACTED] informed him that [REDACTED] had not yet been contacted, but that the
Federal Bureau of Investigation was "setting a trap for him"--[REDACTED] Further
advices that on Friday, August 8, 1947, he again met with [REDACTED] [REDACTED] at the County-City Building, Seattle and made a deposition of the facts relating
to the incidents in Tacoma from Thursday afternoon, July 31, last until Sunday
morning, August 3, last.

A copy of this disposition is now in possession of the writer
and is being forwarded herewith to the Bureau. It should be noted that this
disposition is in no way as complete as the statement taken by the writer above
and any setting out of this deposition in this communication would be superfluous.

Copies of this communication are being sent to the Butte,
Portland, San Francisco and Chicago Offices for their information only. Unless
advised by the Bureau to the contrary, present investigation is considered closed
by this office.

For the information of the Bureau, Captain R. G. DURNING,
Intelligence Officer, McChord Field, Ft. Lewis, Washington advised at the weekly
ONI--SID--FBI Intelligence conference that the Public Relations Officer
at McChord Field had received a telephone call from an individual at Army Air
Forces Headquarters at Washington, D. C., during which call the Public Relations
Officer was requested to obtain signed statements from DAHL and CRISMAN which
could be published and thus publicly close the matter. Captain DURNING further
related that he had no additional information in this matter and that he did
not handle it.

Very truly yours,

JACK E. WILCOX
Special Agent in Charge

ENCLOSURES
DAH;PHM;JEW
CC - Butte
    Portland
    San Francisco
    Chicago

14

---