The image presented does not contain any photographs; instead, it shows a page from a document with text. Below is the text transcribed from the document:

---

AMC Form No. 134 (Rev 29 Jul 47)
ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET

Use this form in intra-office correspondence within headquarters.
Number all comments consecutively.
Use entire width of sheet, both sides.

Place initials of dictator and typist, telephone number and location to right of signature.

Name ranking symbol to designate addressee and addresser.
NOTE: Where space is allowed for 4-letter symbol give the first 4 letters of the proper spelling of complete word, or, if forced to abbreviate, use FOUR LETTER ABBREVIATION.

SUBJECT: Identification of Object, 4 later [DOWNGRADE] AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD, Dir 5200.10

TO: MCIA
FROM: ATIAS
17 Dec 4[ ]

COMMENT NO. [ ]
COMMENT NO. 

1. Clarification is desired on the following points:

a. Per la Comment 1. The conclusion as a result of b3lations between the "nail" of the image, distortion due to shutter, speed of object and shutter speed.

b. Per 12 Comment 1. The subject is stated as having low visual contrast & changes in contrast with the contrast in tone between it and the surrounding sky.

[symbol]

2. [Initials]
J. J. L[...]
C. O. Smi[...]
By S/Sgt For[...]
7 J[...]

NOTES
By O & R

MCIA
21 Mar 49
3.

1. In reference to sub-paragraph a of paragraph 2, Comment No. 2, the following explanation is given:

a. There are various types of shutters utilized in Cameras. The three (3) present types are the Between the Lens type, Focal Plane type and Rotary type. The distortion produced by the so respective shutters are indicative of the type with which the camera is equipped. - In the case of the Between the Lens type shutter, which starts opening from the center to the maximum aperture and closes in the reverse manner, the distortion would be only along the axis of travel of the object being photographed. In other words blur resulting from this type of shutter would produce no distortion along the axis natural to the direction of travel of the object. In the case of the Focal Plane shutter, for an object traveling in the same direction as the opening of the curtain, the distortion can be either that of elongation or for shortening of the image due to the traveling of the aperture with the direction of the image or against the direction of the travel of the image, the distortion becomes one of elongation. In the case of the circular and Iris type, the abnormality normally would be that of a radial distortion or by section because of the type of blade that constitutes the aperture. The aperture of those types are straight, symmetrical blades when photographed with a focal plane shutter. The blades are normally bent.

UNCLASSIFIED 
[Page footer:] 7-4243 MAR 46 2 Mil SOMA

(CONTINUE ON OTHER SIDE)

---