There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the text output from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

The next search, begun within half an hour after landing from the
first one, consumed another two hours, but was negative. I explored thorough-
ly the region where I saw the object.

Immediately after sighting the object, I asked if there were other
aircraft in the area. There was a P-51 of the 150th squadron practicing
maneuvers in the vicinity of Kuna, but that was declared not to be involved.
A C-47 passed
over Boise, but I saw that aircraft go beneath me by some 2,000 feet.

The P-51 in the vicinity of Kuna proceeded to the area where I saw
the object, at my request, and conducted a search. It was negative.

During the afternoon, flights of P-51s were sent out to cover the area,
and some of them flew high altitude missions on oxygen. These searches
were negative.

I was subsequently informed that personnel on both the United Air
Lines side of Gowen Field, and on the national guard side, observed a black
object maneuvering in front of the same cloud formation, which by now had
grown so that the clouds reached a probable height of 15,000 or 20,000 feet
from a mean base of 25,1500 or 14,000 feet, mean sea level. None of these
men were uninvolved guard personnel and I talked to them, asking them to
describe what they saw, before telling them my story, in order to avoid
suggestion or influence of a leading nature. They saw the object (from
the ground) while I was on my second search. They believed the time to
have been 14:00 hours. The object performed in the same erratic manner,
they said, as I observed.

The above is the extent of the story, since information concerning
myself is now in order.

I have approximately 2200 hours of flying time in equipment ranging
from primary trainers to P-25's. Of course, that does not increase my
powers of observation except as to those practiced daily by air firman.

UNCLASSIFIED

---

Note: There are a few instances where the text is partially obscured. The correct interpretation of some words might be "mean base of 25, 1500 or 14,000 feet" or similar, due to the poor quality of the text at that point.