The image does not contain any photographs; it is a text document. I will now act as an OCR system to produce and output the text found in the document:

```
With all incidents types eliminated, there remains thirty-four
which contain some evidence which no apparent ready explanation 
in the extantants the only observations assertion that the object was
accepted as being truly unconventional objects. These thirty-four 
cases have a remaining 519 cases (ident. anyone borderline casesnot included) cases are classified by all. All of these 
can be explained satisfactorily as proven by Dr. Hynek or project
staff. Of the unexplained,... and... (text continuation blurred)

Air: Technical Command Artes &s" decL. L. McCoy (Beret) on
312 (Inc (B) Conclusion (red)

There are sufficient psychological explanations for this not
understood flying objects to provide plausible explaination af
port not otherwise explainable, the unknowns in identifying 
alone results chiefly from inability to estimate speed, distance, 
or size. 

All of the remaining 34 incidents are tabbed in detail in the
report. These incidents form no pattern in regard to time, of 
type or visibiity, of nature or geography or trend or ingredient
over; the times and range were difficult or impossible to judge
probably no injury have been experienced witnessed or reported
from age reliability.

Project Comments

A serious consideration of preceding reports

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE SERVICE EVALUATION OF SIGHTING REPORTS

The remaining unexplained' incidents (see Appendix III)
a certain characteristics. Two of these are strangers of the spec-
did not in a boon trip had at witnesses nor traces of alien life 
...
incident (Incidents 1, 27). Most were distributed without pattern
throughout the United States. A few relied outside the UR. No two
description of appearance or performance were exactly alike. Two re-
ported sightings occurred at various times of day and year. 

APPENDIX I

In the following section of this report, each remaining uncle
incident is considered separately. It is not the inten to geney
the character of the observers, but each case has undebatible elements 
of return to disappear. The traditional definition is merely the disc.
story of that incident in the respective files.
```

Please note that due to the blurriness and incompleteness of the text, some portions of the transcription might contain inaccuracies or be incomplete.