No photographs are present in the image provided.

Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

---
6. SUBJECT's father and mother are presently living with him. SUBJECT's mother was born in Russia and came to the United States in 1900. She married SUBJECT's father, a U. S. Citizen, shortly after the start of World War I. SUBJECT is the only child. SUBJECT is divorced from his first wife, , and has custody of their seven (7) year old son. SUBJECT married , a girl from a prominent social and political family in 1947. SUBJECT's wife was teaching school and he was a candidate in the only source of income. The family has, except when SUBJECT occasionally plays with a dance band. SUBJECT owns a 1947 model Ford station wagon as well as his home. SUBJECT and his family are presently on an extended vacation trip through the western states. SUBJECT is not a religious man and is a registered Democrat, although he did not vote in the last election. As far as Informants know, SUBJECT is honest, truthful, loyal, dependable and one who has no bad habits. SUBJECT is close to friends or acquaintances and Informants knew of no one else who knew SUBJECT except Mrs. and Mr. , neighbors.

7. On 15 July 1947, , was interviewed and related that for the same clerk SUBJECT was since 1943, but does not know him too well, inasmuch as she works in the same office but does not socialize in the community and is a good neighbor. SUBJECT is an inventor and devotes all of his time to research on slot machines, astronomy, radios and photographs.  SUBJECT develops and prints all of his photographs, is an excellent radio repairman and built a small telescope at his photo on it. SUBJECT recently wrote a thesis on astronomy and was offered an honorary scholarship by some big university in the east (name un- known). SUBJECT is a musician by trade and has no steady job. He plays occasionally at a dance band around Phoenix. SUBJECT's wife, , is some local charity stood. SUBJECT's son (7) year old by his only source of income the SUBJECT have survives as a school teacher. SUBJECT's wife first marriage and marriage was present in 1947. SUBJECT's mother was born in Russia and came to this country in 1922. SUBJECT is an only child, is emotionally high strung and antisocial. SUBJECT's parents are presently living with him and his mother is an invalid. SUBJECT is considered an asset to the neighborhood, as he is community minded and devotes much of his time to community projects. SUBJECT dislikes cats and has a dog named whose dog and several cats which his cat. SUBJECT has to SUBJECT owns his home and a 1947 model Jeep station wagon. SUBJECT has religious beliefs and and dependable and loyal citizen. SUBJECT has no close friends or acquaintances and Informants knew of no other individuals who met SUBJECT.

3. On 20 June 1947, the records of 2-1, a Federal Investigative Agency were checked and the following information was obtained:

and he in Me is no to all and on it est is to position out, it in a was and he evident to follow it is on this as completely, at this address, and he explained at as to all.

and he in Me is no to all and on it est is to position out, his in a was and he evident to follow it is on this as completely, at this address, and he explained at as to all.
---
(Note: The text contains several inconsistencies and incomplete sentences possibly due to the poor quality of the document or the OCR process.)