The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page of text from an old document. Below is the OCR output of the text present in the document:

```
August 13, UNCLASSIFIED

went to the Tacoma Times Office where a reporter met them
and took them to MCORD in the United Press Office. There they read the
latest press releases and had a discussion with MORRILLO regarding the anony-
mous phone calls. In the course of this discussion MORRILLO mentioned the
name of Major SANDERS, Public Relations Officer at McChord Field as
being one of the officers interested in the investigation. 

Following this discussion with MORRILLO, at which time
states they still refused to divulge any further information, SMITH and
returned to the Hotel for the night.

On Sunday morning, August 3, 1947, I contacted the
Hotel room and told them that he had received a letter from which said
in effect, "Take care of my business. I’ll be out of town for three or four
days." I then left a letter with him but he did not show it to me and
the three men then drove to Mc/DILL a necessarytment in Tacoma
picked her up and the four of them then went to breakfast at the South Tacoma
hallway; while the four of them then went to breakfast afouns helmets hall
and called Major SANDERS at McChord Field and arranged an appointment to meet
him at the hotel lobby at 11:00 A. M. They then accompanied to her house
home thereafter, picked up a typewriter and then drove them to . Tanke
to the motel. They asked him if he was going to take them auto . Land that
day and he replied that he was not. further stated that he was sick of the
entire business and that if he was ever contacted by the army or the authorities
he was going to deny ever having seen anything and claim to be "the biggest liar
that ever lived." Shortly after returning to the Hotel, in Sum, with which
the other by the Tacoma agencies to contact one of the signators of the affidavits
Sandt proceed in to tell Major SANDERS the entire story since Lucia which
had occurred in Tacoma regarding the captured saucer disk from the officers
afternoon. Following this, suggested took them back to the Hotet and intro-
duced him to and told thaters also to tell Major Sanders
atting the story of what had occurred. room 502. Major SANDERS after looking 
at the fragments which were still in the room did suggest that they drive out to
the Smelter near Tacoma as he believed the slag at the Smelter would bear a
distinct resemblance to these fragments. The three men then drove to the Smelter
and the slag was noted to be definitely similar to the remnants which and
name, had left in the Hotel room. They then returned to the Hotel room and
Sgt. SANDERS let them. After packing their bags, tooted them to Berry’s
Airport where his plane was parked and then drove himself back to Seattle.

About an hour after his arrival in Seattle, which was
approximately 7:30 P.M., of the Tacoma Times dropped a copy of the home
with the newspaper containing the Associated Press story "that had been printed in
in Boise, Idaho in the Boise Statesman and which was written by following,
had cause to him in this flagyment had been turned over by to Major from and
Captain DAVIDSON on the Fasal 3-25 Case at thue granted permission to 
preplan to give any statements for the press and solicit the land placed
```