The image provided appears to be a typed page from a document without any photographs. Here is all the text from the document:

```
COPY                                                              UNCLASSIFIED                                STATEMENT OF DAVID L. JOHNSON
                                                                        AS FOLLOWS, BOISE, IDAHO, JULY 12, 1947

To Whom It May Concern:

On the sixth day of July, 1947, I received from James L. Brown,
general manager of the <REDACTED NEWSPAPERS>, incorporated in Idaho as
The Statesman Printing company, an assignment which was in subtersect:
"conduct an aerial search of the northwest states in an effort to
see and photograph a flying disc. Conduct this petrol for so long a time
as you believe reasonable, or until you see a flying disc."

In accordance to these instructions, I took the Statesman's airplane,
and with <REDACTED> as a passenger, flew a seven and one-half hour mission
on the seventh day of July, 1947. This mission was without results. It
covered an area embracing the confines of the Hanford plant in Washington,
and territory between and around The Dalles, Pendleton and Mt. Adams, Washington,
first reported seeing objects henceforth described as saucers or discs.

On the eighth day of July, 1947, I took an AT-6 of the 190th Fighter
Squadron, Idaho National Guard, of which I am a member, and flew to northern
Idaho, into northwestern Montana briefly, to Spokane, Washington, and back
to Boise by way of Walla Walla, Washington, and Pendleton, Oregon. This
search also was negative.

On the ninth day of July, 1947, I continued the search, again using a
national guard AT-6, this time centering my efforts over the Owyhee mountains
west and southwest of Boise, a portion of the intermountain home desert at the track
southeast of the Mountain Home army air base, thence into the Sawtooth moun-
tains, and back in the general direction of Boise on a line carrying me well
to the north of the Shafer butte forest service lookout station, into the
Horseshoe Bend area, and thence back in a southwesterly direction to a point
                                                              UNCLASSIFIED
```