The image contains a large photograph at the top of a futuristic-looking rocket departing earth with a large plume of exhaust trailing behind it. The rocket is pointed upwards toward the top of the image, which resembles a stylized concept of space travel. The exhaust plume has distinct lines that seem to emanate from the rear of the vehicle, and the background appears to be a stylized representation of the earth's surface below. Directly beneath the rocket photograph is a headline, and underneath that, there are two columns of text.

OCR Output:

---

NEW YORK WORLD-TELEGRAM THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 1947
                    The Target Is the Moon

Most experts predict that the first piloted guided missile will strike the moon within the next 10 years. When it does happen, a rocket may be launched as depicted in this artist's drawing. At 5,000 feet and traveling 500 miles an hour, the moon-bound space ship leaves the back of its carrier plane. The Manhattan skyline is in the background.

                       Mystery Missiles Puzzle Far West
                        (ASSOCIATED PRESS)
   PORTLAND, Ore., June 26 — A rapidly moving group of nine flying discs from 45 to 50 feet in diameter today became the subject of secret conference of United States Army and Navy officials with Kenneth Arnold, a Boise, Idaho, business man who reported seeing them.
   Claims of similar "flying saucer" observations by mysterious objects from various parts of the Pacific northwest were received with considerable skepticism in aviation circles here.
   The Army's comment in Washington was succinct: "We have no further information to give out. We have heard of no sightings which that which you have referred to."
   Arnold, 32, was flying from Chehalis to Yakima when he said he saw nine objects flying at high speed over Mount Rainier. He was flying at about 9,000 feet when the objects appeared below his plane.
   "They were flying in a chain formation at about 9,500 feet altitude and they appeared over Mineral, about 25 miles south of Rainier," he said.
   He said his plane's clock he timed them and estimated their speed at more than 1,200 miles an hour. Arnold said that one of the objects, which he didn't identify, seemed to have "vanished" during the approximate two minutes he saw them.
   "I could be wrong — very wrong," Arnold said. "But I don't think so. They were about 25 to 30 miles from me when I first saw them. They were he [sic] over the hills of Old Scenic Hot Springs on Min...[text is cut off]
   He turned his plane to see if they might cast a shadow on the snow such as a falling leaf because they were not round and flat like a pie pan.
   Arnold said he thought of descending to investigate further but said he decided against it because he was alone in the plane and not armed — and neither were his passengers.
   His passengers in the past have included reindeer from Alaska and a wild monkey from Honduras — one at a time.
   In Portland, the CAA reported that its stations across the nation had been alerted to keep watch for "nothing less than a high speed aerial object."

---