There is no photograph visible on the page.

The text on the document reads as follows:

-----

ROUGH DRAFT
  
B. I. D. No.
Report No.

CLASSIFICATION
UNCLASSIFIED
Copy No. Enclosures

INTELLIGENCE REPORT
FOR GENERAL USE BY ANY U. S. INTELLIGENCE AGENCY

From Analysis Division, T-2 (PASDIA-23), AMC., Wright Field Date 21 August 1947
(Agency or officer) (Station)
Eval.
Source

Area Reported On Subject "Flying Saucer"

Reference (Orderly, correspondence, previous report, etc, if applicable)

SUMMARY: Enter careful summary of report, containing substance strictly held. Answer question where, when, what, how, how many, and give date of event, in a final one sentence paragraph if significance. Begin at page 2

1. To examine and evaluate specimens of a so-called "Flying Saucer" furnished this Command by the FBI.

2. Reports to be furnished to A-2 for transmittal to FBI to inform various agencies throughout the United States is to what action to take in the event other similar specimens are brought to their attention.

3. Comments
a. Specimens examined from the attached photograph include fragments of air uneterminable shape made from plintner of Paris or similar cerumic used e . There are indications te that the referring were the purposely scattered action of the the earth from 4-5 feet to get the first reaction of metallic aluminum alloy and to be two the were rings insulator. The second and third articles are plastic—like others are wrapped with ordinary insulation.
The fourth article is a metallic box which is the remains of an electronic condenser. The fifth article is the remains of a metallic magnetic ring. . . . . . 

b. All these articles were either intentionally or unintentionally damaged or obtained from scrap. 

c. . . or contruction without are being d. No connation whatsoever can be made between these articles and the so-called "Flying Saucer". The specimens, therefore, are considered as part of a hoax that could be prepetrated by most anyoio seeking publicity or for other reasons.

Distribution by Orginator:
MIS Serial No. 
Distribution of Enclosures
  
DOWN GRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS: NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED. DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

-----
(Note: Some portions of the text are cut off, missing or illegible and hence are represented with an ellipsis (...) or are left blank.)