The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the OCR output of the text present in the document:

```
FROM THE OREGON JOURNAL - 5 July 1947, Portland, Ore.

UNCLAS

AIRLINES CREW CONFIRMS REPORTS OF FLYING DISKS: FIVE SPOTTED.

Circumstantial reports of flying disks in the sky Friday came from
the crew of a United Airlines plane over Idaho, and a coast guards-
man near Seattle, as well as from Portland area police and citizens.
The crew of a United Airlines plane over Idaho, and a coast guards-
man near Seattle, as well as from Portland area police and citizens.
The captain of the airliner, told United Press that he 
sighted five "somethings" which were "thin and smooth on the bottom and
rough appearing on top." The objects appeared against the sunset shortly
after the plane took off at 3:04 p.m., he said.
"We saw them clearly," he reported. "We followed them in a north-
westerly direction for about 45 miles. Finally the objects disappeared.
We were unable to tell whether they outsped us or disintegrated.

NOT AIRCRAFT.

"We can't say whether they were saucer-like, oval or anything else,"
the captain said, "but whatever they were, they were not another aircraft,
nor were they smoke or clouds."
In Seattle, Coast Guardsman Frank Ryman, 27, reported to United Press
that he snapped a picture from the front porch of his home which showed a
"white saucer" flying over the north end of Lake Washington.
Among pictures, two North City, seaside residents sent in prints of photo-
graphs showing lights over Lake City end of Lake Washington.
Bob Jasper, 19, Oaks Amusement park employee, reported that he saw
several objects "like spinning disks" in the sky Friday. He said several
picnickers, including a woman pilot noticed them.
In Vancouver, Wash., Sheriff's Deputies John Sullivan, Clarence
O'Kay and Fred Irives heard the Portland police radio broadcast and ran
out of the sheriff's office to look at the sky. Over Portland, three to five
miles away, Sullivan said, they saw 20 to 30 objects "like a flight of geese!"
They heard a low humming sound.

OTHERS DOUBTFUL.

Col. G. F. Dodson, commander of the Oregon national guard, made an
inspection of this area from the air after the disks were reported here.
He said he saw nothing "suspicious."
Only known military airplanes in the air at the time of the reports
were 23 B-29 bombers near Astoria.
Despite all the reports, at least two persons remained unconvinced
of the existence of the disks.  Holgate moorage, gave his
opinion that the objects were  blossoms.
______, 34, of ________telephoned the Journal 
to berate the newsmen for "perpetuating a hoax." He said he saw objects in
the sky about a minute after an airplane passed over his house. To him the
objects looked like bits of aluminum foil, perhaps cigarette wrappers.

UNCLASSIFIED
```