The image provided is of a typed document page with no photographs present. Below is the text as an OCR system would output it:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

I could not see the object because of minuteness of scope introduced by the 
cylindrical silver streak which the object apparently left. By this method, 
I marked the entire sky and once again centered my gaze on the object; 
I observed it to roll so that its edge was presented to me. At this time it
flashed once in the sunlight. It then appeared as a thin black line. It
then performed a maneuver which looked as if it had begun a slow roll, or
a barrel roll, which instead of being completed, was broken off at about
the 180-degree point. The object rolled out of the top of the maneuver at
this point, and I lost sight of it.

This entire performance was observed against the background of clouds
previously forming over the Gemes Prairie. The object appeared to me,
relatively, as the size of a twenty-five cent piece. I do not know how
far away it was. I do not know, nor can I truthfully estimate, its speed.
I can only say it was not an airplane, and if it was at a very great dis-
tance from me, its speed was great, taking into consideration that apparent
speed is reduced to the viewer if an object is at a very great distance away.

I forgot to look at my clock to determine the exact time I saw the
object. The CAA's log of radio contacts shows my first contact to have been
made at 1217 hours. But a few seconds elapsed between the time I first saw
the object, and the time I called the CAA's station. 

I subsequently related over the radio a description of what I saw, and
communicator Albertson may remember it. The control tower may have a record-
ing of the conversation. I have not checked to determine that.

The purpose of my relating over the air what I saw was to enable rapid 
transmission of the report to the newspaper, for at that time I was on
assignment and my energies thenceforth were devoted to (1) transmitting the
information and (2) conducting a further search; which I did after landing 
for fuel and to make some telephone calls.

UNCLASSIFIED

---