The image contains a drawing of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The drawing shows a top view and a side view of the object. The top view resembles a saucer or hexagon-like shape, while the side view depicts an elongated bar or cylinder. There's a note on the side view that reads, "They seemed longer than wide thickness being about 1/20 of width". Near the top view, there's a text that says, "Seemed to travel in sideways position and did not appear to whirl or spin."

Here's the text from the document:

---
UNCLASS

Pilot --------- was flying his aircraft at an altitude of approximately
9,200 feet. He turned off plane in direction of Yakima, Washington.
which was almost directly east of his position and set his auto pilot ob-
serving the sky and the terrain. He left 10:00 P.M. and to the best
memory arrived 4:15 A.M. distance was 146 miles at 10,000 ft elevation. It
was clear & crystal. A bright flash suddenly reflected on the plane.
Upon looking to the left and to the north of Mt. Rainier he observed nine 
objects. In level flight and flying from north to south at approximately
9,500 ft elevation and going seemingly in a definite direction of about 170°.
Thought at first they were jet aircraft but noticed that every few seconds
2 or 3 of them would dip or change their course slightly just enough
to cause the sun to strike them at an angle which reflected brightly on his
plane. As they approached Mt. Rainier he could observe their outlines
against the snow quite plainly, but couldn't find any tails. Clock speed
and found it to be approximately 150 M.P.H. Never before had he observed
planes flying so close to mountain tops. They definitely on both ver-
tical fronts down the hog's back of a mountain. Pilot thought they were
at approximately the same elevation he was. They flew in rather diagonal
chop-like line as if linked together and seemed to hold a definite direction
but swerved in and out of the high mountain peaks. Distance which were almost
at right angles seemed to be between 20 to 25 miles. Enough they were quite
large to be observed at that distance even on a clear day. They seemed
smaller than the DC4 but he judged their span to be quite fine as the turns
extended on each side of the fuselage of the DC4 (45 to 50 ft). The entire
seem to be approximately five miles long.

NOTE:   It was the opinion of the agent interviewing Mr. ------------- that
he had the "flying discs" in this regarded rather skeptically
and that if Mr. Arnold could write a report of the encounter and also
and did not see the object. he was in the business of teaching
be engaged in writing Buck Rogers fiction.

The attached is most interesting and Later produced. See "Fate"
magazine article by -------------------.

Seemed to travel in sideways position and did not 
appear to whirl or spin.

They seemed longer than wide
thickness being about 1/20
of width

UNCLASSIFIED
---