The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a typed document. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

---

With the incidents thus eliminated, there remain fifty-three which contain some evidence but have no apparent ready explanation. This statement is true only under the assumption that the evidence is accepted as reliable and accurate. When physiological and psychological factors are taken into consideration, all of those still unexplained can tentatively be ascribed to one of these factors or a combination thereof. Obtained Apro-il-may-june-july-aug-sept
(64%)

Air Material Command Appraisal of Incidents (See 
212 incidents considered)

There are sufficient physiological explanations for the 
unexplained flying exlanations to provide a plausible explanation 
for most of them, the job is big, the problems inherently are diffi- 
cult to solve mainly from inability to estimate speed, distance, 
size.

All of the remaining 53 incidents are treated in detail in 
report, 212 incidents were no problem. In regard to size, at 
75' or 75,000' or diameter of craft in question. Time lapse is important 
view time is important time was confused by error loop together 
probably 2 or more by, been one isolated unusual or regarded
anom is relatively.

---

Analysis of ATIC Evalutation of Remaining Reports

IX

The remaining unexplained incidents (see Appendix III) exhibit 
a common characteristic. Two of them, by sightableness of their 
pilot, might have been an ho2. One witness saw most of that in. 

(Additional, 171), not were distributed without pattern 
throughout the United States. A few were outside the U.S. No two 
descriptions or appearances or performances were exactly alike. The now 
and sighting occurred at various times of day and years.

APPENDIX II

Incidents in Air Force files, each incident considered sepa- 
rately, it is not the intent to quantify the number of observers, but each case was unidentifiable according 
to this criteria of judgement. The numerical designation is merely the seque- 
tial no. of the incident in the project files.

---

Below are partial sequences of numbers representing incident numbers or references. Some numbers are not completely visible:

..., 34, ..., 73, 76, 73, 78, ..., 90, 
..., 120, 144, 155, 151, 123, ..., 142, 263, 175, 133, ..., 203, 207, 263,...

--- 

[End of transcribed text]