This image doesn't contain a photograph.

Here is the text extracted from the image:

Plane had just passed Necker Island at 0535 GMT. At 0554 GMT an intense white light was observed off the starboard bow at azimuth 45 degrees. The light was CCW of CoC circular course by 1 place. It appeared a brighter red color with that of an incandescent light without appreciable blue and no green tinge. It appeared on a course about 350-400 5 miles away. Azimuth reading grew in intensity (but without any change in color) to a point estimated to be one mile off starboard bow of the plane. When the P1A sight switched over to manual control the object suddenly veered to an approximate course of nose v. of the plane. The P1 section and the entire wind R the same relative time. These two reddish lights did not have the intensity of the sunrise reddish and appeared about 6 wing-length apart. As it changed its course the extraordinary speed was noted. It far outreached the Penn-american and the twin lights appeared to burn out 30 miles ahead. The entire phenomenon was below for some minutes. Object was estimated to be traveling 1,000 knots per hour.

NOTE: Both observers did it could have been distortion to reflect on the under
in which it held its altitude. At no time did it appear to get above or below 9,500 ft. Wave [it disappeared it still seem to about 9,500 ft. at no time did it give off sufficient illumination to reflect on the cloud formation a 6,000 ft.

Both observers were questioned as to possibility of optical illusion and the probability that the object dropped at an oblique angle but both frankly declared that the object generally could sure that object generally declared to be out of approximately the same course. It appeared to hold its obtained throughout the entire time observed.

PAA plane was westbound. Midway on magnet of clear the ship which is approximately 1100 true, and flying at 9,000 feet at about 205 knots. It was flying on automatic pilot with ------- in the right-hand seat and the control cabin and --------- in the left-hand seat. It was dark in there were cumulus clouds of about 4+ density. The sun had set 45 minutes previously.