The image provided appears to be a text-filled page without any photographs. Here is the text from the document:

---

but which ones? Until that question was settled, the computed speed
of an object changes, since to estimate the velocity of a moving object,
an observer must know either its true distance or its true size. Even
with careful study, Air Force investigators could not identify the
disks; they might have been clouds, a mirage, or some kind of aircraft, but no definite answer was possible from the evidence available.

Predictably, after so much publicity, a rash of similar sightings
broke out all over the country and continued for the rest of the
summer. During the hot months of the “silly season,” newspapers,
traditionally hospitable to tales of barnyard freaks, sea serpents
and man-bitten dogs. Such stories were now shoved aside as people
in every state began to report unorthodox objects seeming through
the sky--flying disks, flying dimes, flying ice-cream cones, flying
shoe heels, and flying hubcaps. Seeing the strange objects in all
pasturage, basement who had reported saucers began to telephone
and faith, resented the implied ridicule. Deluged with telephone
calls and mail, he resolved to keep silent in the future even if he
should happen to see a city-sized building flying through the air.
In spite of the publicity, the flying-saucer scare would probably
have died with the first frost of autumn but for the efforts of a
talented writer, editor, and publisher of science fiction, Raymond
Palmer. Among the many letters residence received was one from
Palmer, then editor of Amazing Stories. Tired of being laughed at,
Palmer found the tone of "sincere interest" so appalling that he
answered the letter [a]. After a second letter a week later, he
changed his mind about keeping silent and agreed to sell his story
for publication.

Under the title, "I Did See the Flying Disks," the article appeared
on the first issue of a new magazine, Fate, which published "true
stories of the strange, the unusual, the unknown." Although
operator was not a professional writer writer story--Palmer had had
export and produced a vivid, clearly
unusual experience in helping fledgling authors tell their tales. In-
in the magazine. Without it, he might not have included certain
to editorial help that he had apparently overlooked earlier. In his
colorful details, for example, he said that he had at first supposed
original reports, for example, he said that he had at first supposed
the disks to be some type of experimental aircraft; in the magazine
version he added that, even at the time, the objects had given him

---