The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a textual document. Here is the extracted text as per your request:

COPY 
ENCLOSURE #6 
UNCLASSIFIED 

The University of New Mexico 
Albuquerque 

December 30, 1948 

To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees, Commanding Officer 
District No. 17 
Office of Special Investigations 

From: Lincoln LaPaz, Director 
Institute of Meteoritics 

Subject: Anomalous luminous phenomena (Third Report)

In the second report of this series, a description was given of the real path through the atmosphere of the green fireball of 1948, December 12, 3^h 27^m (plus or minus 30^s). On the basis of corresponding observations made from one station near Sanderson Peak, New Mexico, and a second station near Los Alamos, New Mexico, this fireball was found to have appeared near a point with the coordinates latitude 35째 30', longitude 106째 00', and to have disappeared near a point with the coordinates: latitude 35째 15', longitude 107째 03', traversing an almost horizontal path at an elevation of about 10 miles above sea level, with a length of about 25 miles, and a velocity of approximately 100 miles per second. (The minimum earth-tightness constraint at the observation was found to be about 11 miles, the corresponding velocity then falling between 3 and 6 miles per second, depending on the duration adopted.) 

On the basis of corresponding observations of the greenish-white fireball of 1948, December 20, at 5^h 54^m p.m., made by two pairs of Los Alamos observers, it has now become possible to work out another approximate real path. As will be apparent from the original accounts of the observations made by AAFSS Inspectors Inspector-----------

Saucer-type less astronomical conditions the fireball of 1948, December 20 may be assumed closer to a terrestrial origin, than that on the "green ball" and

reports on the night of December 12. However, on the basis of the original accounts of the observers named above, of sketches supplied by these four individuals on December 29 and of transit observations made by Captain-------and this undersigned on the same data at the points of observation (rlz.,---------------------) it has been possible to establish additional conclusive data for fixing points on the real path (3.36 miles long) of the fireball. Because of the very short, baseline and very low angles involved in the reconstruction of observation and the difficult conditions under which the fireball of December 20 was observed, it is urged in mind that no pain in derived from the December 20 observations deserves considerably less weight than that obtained from the December 12 observations.

UNCLASSIFIED