The image you provided does not contain any photographs, so I am unable to describe any. Here is the text extracted from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT: Project "SIGN" CHARACTER. Special Investigation AFRS 9-8-49-2
FILE NO. 333.5 (24x)

DETAILS (Cont'd)

On 25 August 1948, at 1900 hours, Chamblee, Georgia was interviewed by Special Investigator Morris in the office of the Augusta Chronicle. The informant stated the following in substance:

"My occupation is that of a printer and I work for the Augusta Chronicle on the night shift. On 26 July 1948 at 2300 hours, I sighted an object in the northwest. The object was traveling from the northeast to the southwest. It appeared in the shape of a right angle. The points of the angle where the missing leg would be were streaming objects of in the sky approximately 2,000 feet in length. The objects appearing as normal electric light, evenly distributed. The object was traveling at a speed approximately 700 miles per hour. It was observed that this object maintained a level plane. There was no maneuverability until the object passed directly overhead. The altitude was approximately 5,000 to 6,000 feet."

On 27 August 1948, at 0930 hours, [redacted] of Chamblee, Augusta, Georgia, was interviewed at her residence by Special Investigator Norris. The informant stated the following in substances:

"I am a housewife and on 26 July 1948, I was sitting on my front porch at my residence when I sighted an object to the north. The object was traveling from east to north in a northwest direction. The object was very brilliant. It appeared as a red ball of fire with a tail ten times the size of a kitchen plate with a tail approximately six feet in length. The tail was the same color as the less brilliancy than the body of the object. It was traveling in an east in a straight line slope. The object was traveling extremely fast. I could not place an exact speed toward the earth. The object disappeared when through a group of trees and was not seen again. The object resembled a shooting star but very much brilliant. The object did not appear to be any type of aircraft. I sighted this object at 2145 hours on the 26 July 1948."

On 27 August 1948, at 1030 hours, [redacted] of Chamblee, Georgia, was interviewed at her residence by Special Investigator Norris. The informant stated the following in substances:

"I am a housewife and on 26 July 1948 my husband and I were in [redacted] home from the drug store as approximately 2230 or 2145 hours. We were crossing the 13th street bridge on our way home when we saw an object in the sky. The object was larger than a very large star twinkling. It was not standing still but seemed to be red in color moving very brilliant color, almost as large as a teacup to my mother-in-law who was with me at the time of the landing. The light was very brilliant and seemed to be dropping in the lower atmosphere. The object particularly-
DOWNIMPORTANT

UNCLASSIFIED

--- 

Please note that the text might not be complete due to the cutoff portion at the bottom of the page.