The image you've provided is a page from a document, and there are no photographs present in this image. Below is the text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Lt. Col. Triebel, 7010th Personnel Flt Sctn, Dayton, Ohio dtd 3 Feb 48, subj:
Jet Aircraft North of Cartersville, Ga.,

DWI 311.5                                       2nd Ind                                      RLM/cbr
                                                  Twelfth Air Force Service Center, Maxwell AFB, Montgomery, Ala. Oper
                                                  Ltr 55-5, 13 February 1948,

TO: Commanding Officer, Wright-Patterson Flight Service Center,
      Wright-Patterson AF Base, Ohio, Oper Lumn 33-9.4

1. References paragraph 1, ltr ind, a thorough check of records,
flight plans and forms 3 for 9, 10 and 10 January 1948 at this Center
fails to reveal any information on jet aircraft or reports of flares
or explosions in the vicinity of Cartersville, Ga., Personal inquiry
within the Maxwell Flight Service Center on 9, 10, and 10 January
were questioned but none recalled any information on incidents of
jet aircraft or reports of flares or explosions in the Georgia area.

2. A check with Base Weather personnel also failed to reveal
any information on this subj.

3. For further possible explanation, it is suggested that this
matter be referred to Headquarters, Field Office of the Air Inspector,
Langley Field, Virginia, ATTN: Flying Safety Division.

                                                RICHARD LORD
                                                Lt Colonel, USAF
                                                Commanding

1 Incl n/a

cc: CG, Flt Svc, Trash. D.C.

311.5                                         3rd Ind                                   CMR/rcw/deg
                                               13 February 1948

Wright-Patterson Flight Service Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Ohio

TO: Chief, Analysis Division, Intelligence Departments, Wright-Patterson
       Air Force Base, Ohio (ACIA)

1. Information requested in basic communication can not be furnished
by this Center, therefore it is recommended to Headquarters Flight Service
Washington, D.C., and thence to Maxwell Flight Service Center, Maxwell,
Field, Alabama for any information available.

                                                              UNCLASSIFIED
                                                         DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS.
                                                         DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
                                                         DOD DIR 5200.10

Please note that the classification markings and redaction are part of the original document and have been transcribed as shown.