The image provided does not contain a photograph; it's a scanned document. I will now proceed to transcribe the text as an OCR system would:

---
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
AIRWAYS AND AIR COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES, ATC
DETACHMENT 733-5 AF BASE UNIT (103D AACS SQ)
Godman Field, Fort Knox, Ky.

9 January 1948

STATEMENT OF PFC STANLEY OLIVER

I, PFC Stanley Olver, was on duty in the Control Tower at Godman
Field on the afternoon of 7 January 1948. When first heard of the ob-
ject in the sky about 1320 CST, we received a phone call from Colonel
Hix's office, that a large object was sighted at Manville, Kentucky, the
supposed object was supposed to be about 250 feet to 300 feet in dia-
meter at 1350 CST or more

Sgt Blackwell sighted an object to the southwest of Godman Field and
he asked me if I saw it. I saw the object but thought I was imagining I
saw it and Sgt Blackwell told me to look again. This time I was really
sure I saw an object and then we called Lt Crierr, who came to the Control
Tower, and he too saw the object. Lt Orner then called Captain Carter who,
after coming to the Control Tower, also saw this object. Captain Carter
called Colonel Hix who came to the Control Tower and he too saw the ob-
ject. We all then attempted to figure out just what it could be and to me
it had the resemblance of an ice cream cone topped with red.

At or about 1445 CST we sighted five (5) P-51 aircraft coming on
from the south and as they came over the Control Tower someone sug-
gested contacting the aircraft. Sgt Blackwell contacted them on "B" chan-
nel (VHF) and aircraft acknowledged his call. Someone suggested they
try to overtake the object and we requested the planes to try and
Flight leader stated he would. We all sight of the ship was N9669.
They turned around and started toward the southwest again. One pilot lost
the formation told the flight leader that he would like to continue on
to Louisville with the flight lead giving him permission to do so. We
kept in contact with the Flight leader for about twenty-five (25) min-
utes. The last contact we had with the flight leader was when one of his
wingmen called and said "What the hell are we looking for". Flight leader
stated he had the object in sight and he was going up to see, What it was.
He said at present he was at 15000 feet and was still climbing, Those
were the last words I believe we heard from him. Other pilots in the
formation tried to contact him but to no avail.

In about another ten or fifteen minutes another P-51 took off from
Standford Field to look for the object. He gave me a call and said if
we still had the object in sight. We told him at present the object
was behind a cloud formation but he said he would try to locate it and
in the meantime he tried contacting his flight leader but was unable to
do so. He them reported he was unable to see the object and was coming
back in when he came over the Control Tower.

I received a call from Standford Operations that the plane had
crashed and the pilot was killed at Franklin, Kentucky. We then sighted
a strange phenomenon; a

UNCLASSIFIED

C O P Y
---