There is no photograph present in this image. It is a typed document. Here is the text as an OCR output:

(COPY)

EXHIBIT A

Roy W. Cox, Director of Highways

STATE HIGHWAY COMMISSION
OF KANSAS 

Division 3
Norton

ITEMS TAKEN AT NORTON, KANS., Night of Feb 16

He states-on evening above at Norton, while he wears that approximately 10:50 PM he was standing in the north window of the Post Office in Norton he looking toward the City Hall then he was suddenly illuminated very brightly by some horrible lights.

He ran outside into the street where others were looking toward the northeast at a very large cloud of white smoke high in the sky, he stated that in about a minute and a half, there was a terrific explosion followed by a heavy rumbling noise like thunder and that the smoke cloud was moving here all the time. Also there was a white smoke trail in the sky from the southwest where the missile had come from.

He said that from the center of the street, the explosion and the first big mushroom of smoke was directly overhead and at a tremendous height.

He stated in an interview that just prior to the explosion, he had heard the motors of an airplane.

Chief Scott learned from some man in Norton that just following the explosion, something fell at his feet on the street and he picked it up, to find that it was a small flashlight battery resembling those used in fountain pen flashlights and that it was very hot. After a crowd of men gathered and examined it, he was unable to find it, and thinks that someone took it.

Someone on East of Norton was about 5 miles South of Prairie View then he heard something roaring in the sky to the West of him, far away and very high. He says that it resembled a rocket travelling northeast ward and downward, and that suddenly there was a terrific explosion followed by a formation of white smoke and that there followed other explosions or something other explosions. About like he said the first one quiet-like periodic eruptions, in other words, losing activity.

A boy by name, -, was standing beside father at the time and heard the high roar overhead, raised a finger to a westerly direction to indicate fringe and he saw at Norton a mushroom of smoke.