The image provided appears to be a typed document with no photographs visible. Here is a transcription of the text found in the document:

```
18 March 19U8

INTERVIEWS WITH MR. OSCAR E. MONNIG
Secretary, National Meteoritical Society

1. On 13 March 19U9, while on a navigational training flight to Ft. 
Worth, Texas, Major Edwin W. Foulk interviewed Mr. Oscar E. Monnig. Mr.
Monnig is Secretary of the National Meteoritical Society. He has been ac-
tively engaged, as an amateur, in research on and the collection of meteorites
since 1YU3, and hence is regarded as an expert on the subject.

2. Mr. Monnig quoted two other authorities on the subject. Their names
and addresses are:

a. Professor H. H. Nininger
Box 11171
Winslow, Arizona

b. Dr. F. A. Whipple
University of Iowa
Iowa City, Iowa

3. Major Foulk queried Mr. Monnig specifically on the explosion of a
supposed meteoroid at 1705 CST, 13 February 19U9. It was stated that this
phenomenon was definitely that of a meteoroid, or daytime fireball. The
most convincing evidence of this is a photograph taken of the dust cloud
left by this fireball. The photograph was taken from a point 5 miles north
of Morton, Texas by Duane E. Grey of Norton, Kansas. Mr. Grey has sold the
copyright to this photograph to Nesmith Service, Inc., 12606 Third Street,
Cleveland 13, Ohio. Mr. Monnig said during the flight of a meteorite outside
the atmosphere of the earth, it is believed that, as a black body, it achieves
a temperature of about 40C0. Upon reaching the air layer of the earth, it be-
comes friction-heated and is subjected to increasing pressure; this causes a
release of a trail of gases which usually explode at an altitude of about
20 miles above the earth. After the explosion, a visible dust cloud remains
in the atmosphere. The meteorite now usually consists of a cluster of small
stones which continue on to strike the earth. Their pattern of impact de-
pends upon the inclination of their flight path with the earth's surface, and
varies from slightly oval to an elongated ellipse. If this flight path is
observed, the point of impact is calculated, and interested parties, such as
Mr. Monnig, make a search for the particles. The particles, when found, usu-
ally resemble small stones and are composed chiefly of silicate mass. There may 
be a burned shell surrounding the particles, usually about 2 to 1U mm. thick.
Weights are ordinarily of the order of a few ounces.

4. Final evidence that this 13 February incident was a fireball will by
the discovery of meteoritic particles. The discovery will probably be re-
ported by Professor Nininger, since the meteorite is calculated to have fallen
in his "territory". It is a matter of chance among meteoritical enthusiasts.. 
that they do not poach on areas already canvassed by another collector. Dis-
covery may occur very soon, or it may he as long as 12 months before any par-
ticles are found.
```