The image provided does not contain any photographs but consists of a typed document page. Here is the text from the document:

```
Flying Fuselages (Torpedo or Cigar-Shaped Body)

a. While the cigar or torpedo shaped body represents an efficient form for the fuselage of an airplane or the body of a guided missile, in neither case has it been used as a primary lift producing surface. However, an extension of the Prandtl theory of lift indicates that a fuselage of the dimensions reported by the Eastern Airline pilots [text redacted] and other civilian/military pilots, having cylindrical dimensions of weight of approximately 12,000 pounds an arbitrarily chosen sailing speed of 150 miles per hour, conservatively estimated. The Prandtl theory probably gives very conservative values of maximum lift for bodies of this shape. If a lift coefficient twice as great were used (such a value has been given by a German scientists for efficiency of his wind tunnel researches in Germany), a gross weight of 21,000 pounds could be supported in the assumed sailing speed.

b. Although the craft sighted by [text redacted] and [text redacted] was reported to be without wings or fins, its possibility is could have been equipped with extensible wings for take-off and landing, containing within these fuselage. Such a use of wings even if very small [text redacted] would be possible iff the wing span ratio is 5 was used (as nearly 90 feet would be possible), 11,000 pounds at a sailing speed of 150 mph. It is possible that the fuselage could also contribute lift which this arrangement, depending upon the de-camage of the wing. This type of aircraft could also be partially supported in the take-off and landing condition by the vertical component of the jet thrust, if the landing and take-off took place with the fuselage axis, or the jet stream directed in a vertical or nearly vertical attitude. Thus the possibility, that the experienced sailor connected within the fuselage, could havve been used, would provider another method for landing and take-off that would allow wingsless flight at very high speed. Such a design could result in a relatively large duration of flight and other corresponding range.

c. While no stabilizing fins were apparent on the "Flying fuselage" reported by [text redacted] system it is possible that vanes within the jets, operated by a gyro-servo system, could have provided the stability, longitudinally, directionality and laterally. The same vanes could also have been used for accomplishing give also balance or trim, as well as control for maneuvering. A square tailed bo by of the type [text redacted] with center of gravity at 52% of center from results in a longitudinally stable sail normal stability provided by static or active induce stability could be produced by fusiliers uses of flow control slots loessd somewhere along the fusilage.

d. The above estimates regarding weight, controllability, stabiitily, etc., are not intended to represent questions regarding the actual use of the torpedo or cigar-shaped aircraft which was [text redacted] by various military and civilian personnel and operated [text redacted] and rapidness in maneuvs [redacted]. In view of the possibility, what can be assumed as a maximum on aircraft could support and control itself by aerodynamic means. The propulsion system on this type of vehicle would appear to be a jet or rocket engine. The specific fuel consumption of engines of this type would be rather high. Thus, coupled with the fact that aerodynamic lift
```

(The text cuts off here as the bottom of the page is not visible in the image, and there are redacted portions throughout the document.)