The image is a scanned document with text; there are no photographs present in the image.

Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

---
24 July Incident
1948

At 2:45 in the morning, the pilot and co-pilot of an Eastern
Airlines DC-3, flying at 5000 feet between Mobile and Montgomery,
Alabama, sighted a dull red exhaust some 700 feet ahead, a little
above and to the right of the airliner.

Captain [REDACTED], the pilot, immediately turned to
his co-pilot, [REDACTED], and remarked: "Look, here comes a new
Army jet job. The object approached in a slight dive, deflected
a little to the left and passed the plane on the right, almost
level and parallel to the flight path, at a distance of approxi-
mately one-half mile. After passing, it pulled up sharply and
disappeared into a cloud.

The object appeared to be a wingless aircraft, 100 feet long,
cigar-shaped and about twice the diameter of a B-29. It had no
fins or protruding parts on the front though it had an "snout"
similar to a radar bulge on a B-29, and no higher than approximate-
there was a cabin with windows above—much like a pilot cockpit—
mentequipo but the appeared bright. The illumination inside
the body itself approximated the brilliance of a magnesium flare.
So snow through his nor did Whitted. Visible from the side only,
was thr intense, fairly dark, blue glow running the entire length
of the object on both the fuselage.

The glow was described as of a blue fluorescent factory light.
The exhaust glow reminded them of a red-orange flame, the lighter color
coming out of a sort of double ellipse or double nozzle. The
the stand flashed out from it nozzle in the rear which he thought he
pilot viewed the flame extend some 50 to 100 feet behind the object
and behave similar in intensity (redder) and increased in length as
it became, but more the flame viewed. No disturbance was felt from
the object nor was there any change or mechanical disturbance when
the object passed. No sound was heard.

Co-pilot attention was drawn to the object by very
remarks. His description of the object and its maneuvers was 
similar to that of [REDACTED], except that he did not observe a cockpit
in front, did heed he saw any radar "snout." His drawing and descrip-
tion also indicated windows or openings on the side. He estimated
the object passed at greater distance than did [REDACTED]. No
fins or protruding parts parallel to rather than [REDACTED] came
from the rear of the object, rather than from double nszzle over-
greater any wider than, the width of the object itself, although he
noticed the increased length of the flame as the object "pulled up."

The night was clear with a bright moon and broken cloud cover-
age at 10,000 to 10,500 feet. Both estimated the object to be 4,000
to 5,000 feet in the rear.

The case was evaluated as an obvious mirage! Doc was carried
as unidentified for a time in the Air Force files. The initial
evaluation was made in 1948 by Dr. Allen Hynek. Current analysis
of the data substantiates Dr. Hynek's conclusion and the case is
evaluated as a meteor sighting.
--- 

Please note that some words were obscured or redacted and are not included in the transcription.