The image you've provided is of a text document and there are no photographs present. Below is the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text contained in the document:

----
TREASURY DEPARTMENT
U.S. COAST GUARD
CG-2947 (8-47)

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
Page 1 of _____ D8398

UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT                                         REPORTING UNIT
Aerial phenomena at Wildwood, N.J.              INTELLIGENCE & LAW ENFORCEMENT
                                                DIVISION
                                                HEADQUARTERS, U.S. COAST GUARD
                                                WASHINGTON, 25, D.C.

ORIGIN OF CASE                                  DATE
Headquarters Air Material Command letters of 12 and 17     7 April, 1948
March, 1948, with inclosures of photostatic copies of
correspondence and Special Intelligence report.

INVESTIGATORS                                   DISTRIBUTION

C. L. ADAIR, C.E.M., USCG


1. On date of 1 April, 1948, this investigator proceeded to Wildwood, N.J. for
the purpose of investigating subject incidents.

2. Donahavin Charles, in charge of Hereford Inlet L. B. Station was contacted,
who had heard nothing in regards to strange objects having appeared in the
air in the vicinity of Wildwood. He agreed to check up on his own and felt that,
due to a 24 hour tower watch being maintained at the station, some of his men
should have observed such incidents. He was again contacted on date of
5 April, 1948 and he stated none of his men had observed any strange objects and had heard nothing about them. Large Foot registered, had also made discreet
inqueries at the local American Legion Post & was told by reputable business
men with negative results. He is told quite positive that, if the incidents
had occurred on several occasions, some Foots have been sure to have heard of it, as
others would have observed the objects.

3. Chief Torris Donatavein was contacted on data of 3 April, 1948, he
stated that he had received no reports about the matter and had heard no local
talk regarding same. Mr. Torris, group commander, Atlantic City L.B. Station,
stated that he would contact the crew-members of the several stations under his
command to learn if any of the tower look-outs had observed such phenomena.
Mr. Torris was again contacted on date of 5 April, 1948 and he had learned that
none of the men at his group of stations had observed or reported any strange
objects in the sky or water, or at sea. He is quite sure occurrences had happened
on several occasions, his station men should have observed same.

4. A visit was made to the Wildwood American Legion Home and a personal talk
was had with its members who stated in summary, who said that never remember
any mention by Post members, of strange aerial phenomena having been observed
in the vicinity of Wildwood. A member said that in his tower would soon be
a common matter of discussion had local folks observed real silvers.

R.E.D. ADER INTERCEPTED
HOURLY: NOT AUTOMATICALLY
DETACHED: DD. DOD JAR 20 162353Z
----

Please note that some parts of the text seem to have errors or are incomplete, likely due to the quality of the original document or its OCR processing.