The image you provided appears to be a scanned page with some text, and there are no photographs present. Here is the text from the document as if I were acting as an OCR:

UNCLASSIFIED

1. In an interview, ------, service station operator, said
that he found the object referred to in previous reports as "Man undec-
iphered material object", about 2 years ago. This object was found behind
------ TAVERN in Warren. The "machine" was obviously made from various
objects, such as an old washing machine cover, parts of a tube or chassis
of a TV set and spark plugs set in a "violet ray" unit. The object had
been treated very roughly by youths throughout the countryside, and, as a joke, the
men at ------ ranch had it dangling beneath a large model airplane which
the boys local youngsters, also intended to give the object to found to
the newspaper for display. ------, later forgot about it and eventually had
someone take it to a local ------ with other lines of junk. Before he
did so, however, ------ at ------ had had the object in ------, and he
object and apparently believed he had some -----. ------ took photo-
graphs of the object with ------ holding it. ------ believed the object
actually had been made by ------ local, initially.

2. He had not made the "aerial object" himself but he had only "rigged it"
that he had not made the "aerial object" himself but had only "rigged it"
to the "tail pipe" of his contraption with a welding torch, at the request of
the "mail manager" of the local Glass to Coach hardware store. This was
done to make it appear that hot gases had been discharged from the pipes.

3. ------ was out of town on the day the agent visited Warren, but in
an interview ------, at clerk at the Court by Coach store, ---- ---- ----
submittedly ---- a radio repairman, and himself, had made the
the object as a joke about 2 years ago. In addition to the parts listed in
the first paragraph, the makers also utilized parts of a welded broader
stove and miscellaneous scraps.

AGENTS NOTE: In view of the above information, no attempt was made
to locate this "aerial object". According to ---- ---- ----
it would be almost impossible to do so in view of the
large mound of steel at the city dump, which also is
periodically covered over with earth by a bulldozer.

ADDITIONS TO THE ABOVE REPORT ARE AS FOLLOWS:

UNCLASSIFIED

(Note: The document has several redacted sections, shown with ----, which I cannot decipher due to the redaction.)