The image contains a page with typewritten text. There are no photographs present on this page. Here is the text as requested:

```
(2) Incident 2

Object #2 was observed by 23 July 1948, while 
midnight of 0300 hours 24 July 1948, Charlotte 
Airborne, between Blacksburg, Virginia, and Greens-
boro, North Carolina. This sighting is considered 
separately since the descriptions of speed as "meteoric" 
or "terrific", the manner of travel described as an 
arc or horizontal, and the fact that it "faded like 
a meteor" seems to indicate that the object seen was 
not the one observed in incident 1.

(3) Incident 3

This object was observed between 2100 and 2300 hours 
28th July 1948, at Clinton, and Mazula, Georgia, 
by observers  These observers 
thought it to be a meteor in that this object was not 
only described as varired in color but predominantly 
brilliant blue-white. The course was described as 
generally "southern". Although the dates seem to 
indicate that this sighting could not be the same as 
that described in incident 1, yet the major portion of 
tails testimony refers to a "blue white light". The 
observations in the first instance describe a "column of 
flame running the entire length of the fuselage. When viewed 
from the ground it is logical to assume that the blue 
glow would be readily visible.

NOTE: In this connection, Mr. Josef Allen Hynek, astro-
physicist, CAAAP, who is presently serving as 
consultant on this project, has advised that it 
is possible for a celestial body to appear to 
travel in a straight line and slant downwards. 
(It is extremely improbable, although theoretically 
possible, for lie objects to achieve an effect 
of lift through the forces generated during their 
flight through the atmosphere. It is his further 
opinion that it is impossible for any celestial 
body to maneuver violently and make sharp turns. 
It is extremely unlikely for heavenly bodies to 
seem to move slowly when passing through the 
lower layers of the atmosphere, but, from greater 
distances, it is possible to observe - and mis- 
taken for extraterrestrial craft of these - objective 
flying objects; one (1) at lift due to heating 
by rays from the sun and (2) star mass. The 
matter of intelligence cannot suggest like in any 
intelligent binding orb.)

                            T-90200
```
Please note that some text is obscured by redaction marks, and I have indicated this with ellipses where the redacted information would be.