There is no photograph present in the image of the document.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
( UNCLASSIFIED (

( 

13 March 1948
INTERVIEW WITH MR. OSCAR E. MONNIG
Secretary, National Meteoritical Society

1. On 13 March 1948, while on a navigational training flight to Ft. Worth, Texas, Major Melvin W. Faulk interviewed Mr. Oscar E. Monnig. Mr. Monnig is Secretary of the National Meteoritical Society. He has been actively engaged, as an amateur, in research on and the collection of meteorites since 1930, and hence is regarded as an expert on the subject.

2. Mr. Monnig quoted two other authorities on the subject. Their names and addresses are:

a. Professor H. H. Mininger
P.O. Box 1171
Winslow, Arizona

b. Dr. C. C. Wylie
University of Iowa
Iowa City, Iowa

3. Major Faulk quosted Mr. Monnig specifically on the explosion of a supposed meteorite at 1705 CST, 13 February 1948. It was stuted that this phenomenon was definitely that of a meteorite, or daytime fireball. The most conclusive evidence of this is a photograph taken of the dust cloud left by the fireball. This photograph was taken from a point 13 miles north of Morton, Kansas by Duane E. Pomeroy of Norton, Kansas. Mr. Pomeroy had the foresight to this photograph to Mr. Monnig. The flight of a meteorite through our atmosphere can be divided into three phases. It is observed to come into the earth, that is sail through the air, as a black body, at a temperature of about 45℃. Upon reaching the air layer of the earth, it becomes a triple-phase head and is subjected to increasing pressure; this causes a release of a trail of gases which usually explode at an altitude of about 20 miles above the earth. After the explosion, a viable dust cloud remains in the atmosphere. The meteorite now usually consists of a cluster of small stones which continue on to strike the earth. Their pattern of impact de- pends upon the inclination of their flight path with the earth's surface, and varies from a slightly oval to an elongated ellipse. It is at this point the interested, the point of impact is calculated, and interested parties, such as observers, make a search for the particles. The particles, when found, usually resemble small stones and are composed chiefly of silicates, hem- be a curved shell surrounding the particles, usually about a ⅛ in., thick, which is an ordinarily of chiding origin of a few ounces

Final evidence that the 13 February incident was a fireball will be the discovery of meteoritic particles. The discovery will probably be confirmed by Professor Mininger, since the territories calculated to have fallen over as a result of the explosion are under his closest observation. 
(CRUDDED OUT)

there may not occur very soon, or it may be as long as 12 months before any particles are found,

UNCLASSIFIED 
```