The image provided is a scanned page from a document, and it does not contain any photographs. It seems to be a report detailing an observed incident involving an unidentified flying object (UFO). Below is the text extracted from the document:

---

INCIDENT
24 July 1948

The glow reminded Chiles of a blue fluorescent factory light. The 
exhaust was described as a red-orange flame, the lighter color (orange)
being predominant about the outer edges. [Redacted] thought the flame flared 
out from a nozzle in the rear which he thought he perceived. The flame
extended some 30 to 50 feet behind the object and became deeper in 
intensity (redder) and increased in length as the object pulled up into 
a cloud. No disturbance was felt from air waves, nor was there any 
wash or mechanical disturbance when the object passed. No sound was heard.

Co-pilot [Redacted] attention was drawn to the object by [Redacted] 
remark. His description of the object and its maneuvers was very 
similar to that of [Redacted] except that he did not observe a cockpit in front 
nor did he see any radar "snout". His drawing and description also 
indicated windows or openings on the sides. He estimated the object 
passed at greater distance than did Capt [Redacted] He saw the "exhaust"
as a parallel wide flame which appeared to come from the entire rear 
of the object rather than from a nozzle never growing any wider than the 
width of the object itself, although he noticed the increased length of the 
flame as the object "pulled up".

The night was clear with a bright moon and broken cloud coverage of
4/10 at 6,000 ft. Both estimated the object to be in sight approximately
10 to 15 seconds, considered sufficient time for experienced pilots to 
determine whether the "sight" was a reflection, caused by some rare 
meteorological or astronomical phenomena -- or was a material object.

2

---

The text appears to be redacted in certain places where names or identifying information were originally written.