The image is a scanned page of a document, and there are no photographs present.

Here is the text from the document:

Keala, South Dakota     7-1-50

Commander 2nd
Coast Guard District
Old Custom House
9th & Olive Sts.
St. Louis 1, Mo.

Attn: Intelligence Officer

Dear Sir:

I am submitting this information to you in the belief that it may be
of value to this country's information.  I just talked by phone to
Chief ****, *** of Coast Guard Station, H. F. 3, Y., near Groton, S. D.,
who advised me to write to you.  I gave him a very limited account of what
I observed, because I did not know for sure, whether this information
might prove confidential.

I have been living in Cleveland, Ohio, for the past 3 years.  My home
which I was returning to, is Keala, South Dakota, where I now am.  The
observation was made on June 30, 1950, between Watertown, S.D., and
Webster, S. D.  I was traveling on Highway 81, from Watertown, to Webster
(an isolated small hill) in my car when I happened to be when a small
plane.  I noticed a small (round) spot in the sky, looking to the north it
was 20° to the right and about 20° north of zenith.  (Barely overhead).
I thought at first it was a slow moving powered plane, very high.  I watched
it for a minute and noticed no movement, my next conclusion was that it
might be a strato jet and started timing to check its motion.  15 minutes
later I was still in looking (my wife watched it out the window constantly)
A Airplane #2 appeared and I realized down to the depth and lined it up with a
telephone wire and watched very carefully for any movement for 5 minutes.  No
movement detected, I decided it must be a bright star (Venus or Sirius)
neither should have been at that spot at that time, and I had never seen a
star at noon.  I made two more stops as arrows 73 and 74.  Position 3 was
the same as Arrow #5 showed for 93 and was stationary all the time.
In light and the car was stopped, I called attention to the object
to the proprietor and the gas station (place Amsden's store) no one so
coming out watched for their deductions -

Proprietor: Star
1st Customer: Star
2nd Customer: Can't be a star - possible
3rd Customer: Never saw anything like this

All Hope you will look into this and at least be positive.