The image provided shows a text document page without any photographs.

The text on the document reads:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

To: Colonel Doyle Rees December 20, 1948

3.6 In the case of genuine meteors, the paths are directed towards
all points of the compass with equal frequency. On the contrary in the
case of these green fireballs, a total of seven cases are on record in which
there is a very pronounced tendency for the paths to come in from the north
half of the sky.

3.7 The three groups of anomalous greenish luminous phenomena
show a curious association with well known meteor showers, although none
of these meteor showers normally produce extremely bright green fireballs,
such as those recently observed. For example, the observation mentioned
by Mr. KOHLMAYER on the morning of August 5, 1948 was at the time of the
Perseid shower and the December observations all fall in the interval covered
by the Geminid shower. This relationship might indicate an attempt to render
the green fireballs less conspicuous by causing them to appear only when
there is considerable meteoritic activity.

3.8 As noted in an earlier communication, the remarkably vivid 
green color reported for most of these new meteor falls is really abnormal 
in the sense of genuine meteors. Every laboratory test of peculiar colored 
flames, so to be identical with that fire ball copper salts in the blowpipe
flame. If this identification is correct, the wavelength of the radiation 
from the green fireballs is near 0.5252\.mu.

3.9 The duration estimates of between two and five seconds reported 
for the green fireballs are occasionally longer than those (i.e., 0.5 to 
3.0 seconds) for the ordinary visual meteors, but shorter than the duration 
estimates invariably reported in the case of a genuine meteorite fall 
(5 to 30 seconds or even longer).

3.10 For some of the green fireballs has a train of sparks or a 
dust cloud has been reported. This contrasts sharply with the behavior noted
in case of meteoritic fireball-particularly those that pertain to the
lower levels where the green fireball of December 12 was observed.

4. On the basis of the various differences to which attention is 
called in section 3, the writer remains of the opinion that the fireball
of December 12 was definitely non-meteoritic and that in all probability
the same is true of most, if not all, the other bright green fireballs, 
which the OSS has had under investigation.

LINCOLN LAPAZ

DOWNGRADING/DECLASSIFICATION SCHEDULE:
DECLASSIFIED AT 12-YEAR INTERVALS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

LIMIT NO: 323                    UNCLASSIFIED
```