There are no photographs present in this image.

The text in the document reads as follows:

```
HEADQUARTERS
3 5 1 S T BOMB WING ( VHB ) 
GODMAN FIELD, FORT KNOX, KENTUCKY

9 January 1948

-At approximately 1420, 7 Jan 48, I accompanied Lt. Col. ____ ___
___ to the Godman Field Control Tower to observe "an object hang-
ing high in the 'sky south of Godman."

Shortly after reaching the tower, Col. Guy F. Hix, Commanding
Officer, was summoned. It was at that time that I first sighted the
bright silver object.

Approximately five minutes after Col. Hix came into the tower,
a flight of four P-51's flew over Godman. An officer in the tower
requested that the Tower Operator call this flight and ask the
P-51's leader to investigate this object if he had sufficient fuel.
The flight leader (Capt. Thomas G. Mantell) answered that he would,
and requested a bearing to the object. At that time one member
of this flight informed the leader that it was time for him to land and
break off from the formation. This AC was heard requesting landing
instructions from his home field, Standiford, in Louisville.

In the meantime the remaining three P-51's were climbing on
the course given to them by Godman Tower towards this object that
still appeared stationary. The Tower then advised the Flight Leader
to correct his course 5 degrees to left; this Pilot Leader
acknowledged this correction and also reported his position at
7,500 feet and climbing. Immediately following the Flight Leader's
transmission, another member of this flight asked "Where the hell
are we going." In a few minutes the flight leader called out an
objest twelve o'clock high." Asked to describe this object, he
said that it was bright and that it was climbing away from him.
When asked about its speed, the Flight Leader stated it was going
about half his speed, approximately 180 M.P.H.

None of us in the Tower lost sight of the flight, but could
still see this object. Shortly after the last transmission, the
Flight Leader said he was at 15,000 ft, and still climbing after
it, but that he judged its speed to be the same as his. At that
time a member of the flight called to the leader and requested that
he level off; but we heard no reply from the leader. That was
the last message received from any member of the flight by Godman
Tower.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10
3 Jan 58
James F. Duesler Jr.
James F. Duesler, Jr.
Captain, USAF

WALTER C. DUESLER, JR.
CAPTAIN, USAF
UNCLASSIFIED
```

The redaction marks are represented by "____" to indicate missing text.