The image you have provided is of a text document page; there are no photographs present. Here is the text extracted from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

To: Colonel Doyle Ream
December 20, 1948

5j) 5j)6', length nine 20' 5', traversing a nearly or exactly horizontal pay in -- hours, and of very nearly twenty-five (25) miles an altitude too low with which a length of the order of approximately 25 miles and depending on the assumption of singular altitude employed in the reduction; the velocity with respect to the earth works out at between 3 and 12 miles a second, depending on the duration estimate used. It should be observed that the above figures are computed under the assumption that the periods of appearance and disappearance of the fireball were seen simultaneously by both the Zuni and Los Alamos groups. In case this assumption is not fulfilled, the real path could very easily be no more than 10 to 12 miles long, the velocity with respect to the earth no more than 10 to 12 miles a second, and the altitude of the sighting conditions out of between 3 and 6 miles lack of modifying information from a third station, the conclusions in the five (5) and etc) sheets range from an angular elevation a little less unlikely than the linear alts of the fireball was much less than 3 to 5 miles and more than 110 miles. It is interesting to observe the time lengthwise extension of the 25-mile path first given passes centrally over the Los Alamos reservation.

3. Significant Differences Between the Fireballs Observed in The Texas Arrwa December 2121 and Typical Meteors.

3.1 The horizontal motion of the path of most of the December fireballs is most unusual. Genuine meteors are rarely observed to move in horizontal paths.

3.2 Again the very low height of the December fireballs mentioned in section 2 above the velocity in sharp contrast from the minimum velocity for which height as is of the order or 40 or 50 miles are generally observed.

3.3 The velocity determined for the fireball of December 12 is considerably less than the yield of it is determined from typical meteors (and yet is considerably greater than the speeds of the V-2 rockets or jet planes or conventional flares).

3.4 In the case of meteorites that penetrate to as low levels as that determined for the fireball of December 12, the observed luminous phenomena are always accompanied by very violent noises. No noises whatever have been observed in connection with the various December fireballs so far investigated.

3.5 Genuine meteors normally show remarkable variations in brightness, beginning as fine thin hair lines, which are scarcely visible in the dark, and end on descending to the most vast mass of hot metal. It is, however, one of the 3rd and 1st implication of the theory advanced [text cut off]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

Mondor:    [illegible]

KAFB 35 2/1
---

Please note that due to the quality of the source document, there may have been errors or omissions in the transcription. Certain parts of the text are cut off or illegible.