The image provided is a page of text, and there are no photographs present within it. As requested, here is the text reproduced from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
11 May 1948

Report of Trip to Holloman Air Force Base, 5 - 6 May 1948

1. The primary purpose of this trip was to interview Dr. ████, repre-
senting the Watson Laboratories, who was temporarily on loan to Holloman Air 
Force Base. Upon arrival, it was learned that Dr. ████ had returned to
the Watson Laboratories at Red Bank, N. J. A teletype sent from Holloman Air
Force Base stating that Dr. ████ would not be available for interview did
not reach Hq, AMC in sufficient time to postpone the visit. However, it was 
learned that Dr. ████ would be at Maxwell Air Force Base, Montgomery, Ala.
on or about 11 May 1948 for an indefinite period of time.

2. A civilian, Mr. ████ who works in the same laboratory with
Dr. ████, had also seen the unidentified flying object while in the presence
of Dr. ████. Mr. ████ was interviewed with the following stated results:

     a. The object definitely was not a balloon.

     b. The object (appeared round and white) was at a great altitude and
moved at a high rate of speed.

     c. Mr. ████ regretted not to send in a detailed report through channels, to-
gether with the report of another civilian who also witnessed the phenomenon.

     d. It was also learned that a Lt Markley who works in the Radar Laboratory
at Holloman AF Base has, on several occasions in the past, witnessed on his
scope unidentified flying objects of high altitude, moving at very high 
speeds. Lt Markley stated that he had not submitted these observations in
form of a special report or was not available for interview; however, a request
for a detailed report of these observations was forwarded to the Commanding
Officer, Holloman Air Force Base.

3. Lt Colonel James O. Easton and Mr. Alfred C. Loedding proceeded to
Phoenix, Ariz, to interview Mr. ████ and follow up on the report
and photographs submitted by him some months ago. Although Mr. ████ is 
currently employed as a pianoplayer in a night club, his primary interest
is in a small but quite complete laboratory behind his home. According to 
his business card, this laboratory is called "Panoramic Research - Laboratory
for Discovery" and it is completely enclosed and apparently is quite inter-
ested and equipped to compete in affairs in the City's offer of cash for
successful antiaircraft experiments. Mr. ████ stated he was an aircraft recognition 
instructor during the last war, and that in his opinion, the object sighted
definitely was not a wind-blown object. It is reiterated that the object was
"not less than 2000 ft, wavy and that it was not much more than 2000 at many 
times". He had greatly underestimated its size, Mr. ████ pointed out there
he had stood when he took the picture of this flying object and indicated
the exact path of approach and departure of the object. He added that on
this occasion the object only made a humming noise audibly, it made a whistling
or jet noise, or trend across the static, trailing and red, and was promised 
to send in another more detailed report, incorporating this observation.

DOW↓GR⅛/-↓D A£T˩R 23 YE˩RS.
DECLASSIFIED AT SEEN KK PER TEMNA; 
DOD DIR 5200.10
```