The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten document page. Here's the output of the text found in the document:

---
Ltr, Subj: Report of Unusual Circumstances (15 Jan 48) cont'd

...that Sames also advised that Godman Field observed a similar
phenomenon at the same time, and that the object disappeared at 2100
hours at Godman.

Clinton County said the object they observed disappeared about 2000
hours. It is not know to me what time either Clinton or Godman first
observed the object or objects. The information from Clinton and Wright
Service was received by direct line telephone communication from
Clinton and Flight Service at Patterson. WX Weather Department was
reporting a high overcast and not one heavenly body was visible. The
object apparently was not under visual, radar or sound control. It
perhaps was a balloon again with the overcast, no Air Force may Q944,
C-45, Navy at position report to radio Lockbourne Airways, over Columbus
at 1955 hours 5 feet feet, as the Lockbourne F12B went aloft 2 hours to
make search and return. It should be if he had seen any strange object to
the west, Southwest or at his position he reported that no observed and
that it left on his right wing, appearing like an overcast between.

I have been a member of the American Museum of Natural History
who is closely associated with the Hayden Planetarium of New York City,
for 7 years, and have always been somewhat of an enthusiast of an
astronaut.

I spent 37 months in the Air Force in communications work including:...
....and Control Tower Operator. I now hold a valid C.A.A. Certificate
for code, Tower Operator and Aircraft Communications and is verified
that Lockbourne's failure of NOX to Boston until 1900 hrs.

I am of sound mind and health, and am of 25 years of age. I have
described the incident exactly the way I saw it, also as to what I learned
on the interphone.

Airways Operator
CAV-7
---

Please note that the ellipses (...) seem to indicate text that is not visible or included at the points where they appear, suggesting that this is an excerpt or selection from a larger piece of text. There are also a few typographical errors in the original document such as "5 feet feet," which may have been intended to be "5,000 feet," as this would be a more typical altitude reference.