The image provided contains no photograph but a page from a document with text. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

---
IDENTIFIED OBJ... IN SKY.                       13 April 1948.

(5) continued --

tails. The weather was clear and there were no clouds around the object.
It seemed very large to me, about the size of a full moon in height but
much smaller in width. Of course, I cannot be sure of its size as I did
not have anything to compare it with.

(6) On 12 April 1948, Mrs. ------ ------, newspaper reporter,------
------ Ashley, Ohio was interviewed and stated in substance:

On Thursday afternoon of April 1948, I heard an airplane go over my
house somewhere between 2:00 and 2:30 PM. It sounded like it was flying
low and seemed to make an exceptionally loud roaring noise. I am inter-
ested in planes so I went outside to see it. It was a large plane
that was headed south. About this time I saw a strange object in the
sky travelling slowly in a southwesterly direction. At first I thought
it was sky writing as it looked like a streak but it stayed so long
and was so clearly outlined that I knew I was mistaken. It seemed to be
a long cylindrical body like a stick of firewood. The sun was shining on
it and it looked opalescent like Mother of Pearl. The plane was flying low
and the object seemed quite high - much higher than the plane - and it was
quite a bit smaller than the plane. The plane disappeared but the object
kept drifting slowly along. It maintained the same altitude and did not
maneuver at all. I did not see any exhaust streaks of any kind and I could
not hear any sound from it. The weather was clear and there was a few
clouds in the sky but none around the object. I do not recall which direction
the wind was blowing. The object may have been drifting with the wind.
Shortly after I first saw the object, I telephoned my neighbors across the
street and told them about it. I watched the object altogether for about
15 minutes then returned to the house. I wrote an article for the

- 5 -

COPY
---

The redaction of personal information (such as names) in this document is consistent with historical practices for privacy concerns. This appears to be an excerpt related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting report from Project Blue Book, which was a series of systematic studies of unidentified flying objects conducted by the United States Air Force.