The image is a scanned document page, and it does not contain any photographs. It is a typed report with handwritten annotations and sketches. There are two sketches at the bottom of the document. The first sketch shows a trajectory indicating 'streak twisted and turned - suddenly disappeared' with a wavy line and an arrow. The second sketch illustrates the object's positions with two ellipses labeled "11th time - 1 month" and "1st position" with two lines indicating '115 miles [rad at 1st] - 3 miles'.

Now, here's the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED
AGENT REPORT

1. NAME OF SUBJECT OR TITLE OF INCIDENT
2. DATE SUBMITTED

3. SUBMITTED BY UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT?
4. CONTROL SYMBOL OR FILE NO.

A-1317

REPORT OF FINDINGS

(1) On 2 August 1943, _______, student, _________,
Columbus, Ohio, was interviewed concerning an unidentified phenomenon in
which he stated he had substance.

On Sunday, 1 August 1943, at approximately 2:00 p.m., I was driving
out ------- road with my family. I was about two miles west of
------- reservoir. I looked toward the northeast and could see what appeared to
be a small black cloud between two white clouds. This seemed very peculiar
to me because the north was clear and there were a few white clouds in
the sky and no other dark clouds or formations of any kind. The black cloud
did not have any definite shape but looked like an untwisted wool
and always near it had exploded. Suddenly it stretched out into a wide
streak with smaller vertical streaks, then it rapidly turned and twisted,
finally in a different direction it disappeared. In three or four seconds,
this was the approximate ship time. This most noticeable disappearance was
also where it first started from. Absolutely, a turn was very, very lost,
and dispersed rapidly, appearing again as a wide streak a mile or so in
length which appeared to twist from a side to a narrow streak and then back
again changing direction as it twisted. It appeared to be moving in a
westerly direction. Always still what wind and was plainly visible although
I would judge it was far away and very high. There's no sound and I can
therefore tell it was a streak that might appear at 279 miles or what the visual
illusion was banksity and turning into heavier exhaust trails. However, I was
more than familiar with planes and air action on shiny trails. I have heard of
when trails and heavy smoke lots of low-flying planes like this is very common.
I only saw it twice, because I was driving alone and almost had an accident,
not by the time I stopped my car I had lost track of it. It was so spontaneous,
quick like a rubber band which is round, then suddenly is stretched at length
and twisted, and then disappears without a trace. I flayed that it was very
high where the air is thin and that is why it disappeared so rapidly without
any trace remaining.

_____'s Notes: _______ drew the following sketches:

streak twisted and turned - suddenly disappeared.

      DOWNGRADED AT 3-YR. INTERVALS;
      DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
      DOD DIR 5200.10

-------
-------
-------

UNCLASSIFIED

TYPED NAME OR HANDPRINT OF SPECIAL AGENT              SIGNATURE OF SPECIAL AGENT

19th Detachment

W/D APO 757 341

U. S. Government Printing Office: 19----O-678-091

---