There are no photographs in the image provided.

Here is the text output:

---

UNCLASSIFIED.

At 1010 A.M. on November 3, 1948 the 22nd Fighter Wing dispatched
two Mustang fighters to check on a reported sighting of an unidentified
aircraft. The fighter pilots sighted the unidentified aircraft, when they
reached 22,000 feet, and were able to keep it in sight until they reached
37,000 feet. The pilots estimated the craft to be five or six thousand
feet above them. It was also stated that they were unable to see thru
the craft with it between them and the sun. The speed of the craft was
believed to be about 2 mph. The craft was proceeding on a heading of
approximately 150°.

The fighter pilots described the unidentified craft as resembling
an intestine that had been inflated, and was five or six times higher than
it was wide. Sketches were not available.

Subsequently, information was received from Lt. Pickering, Coast
Guard Officer, stationed at Salem. He identified the craft as a cosmic
ray equipment carrier being used by Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

The above information was received from Onizier Air Force Base thru
Strategic Air Command, Andrews Field. The original sighting was made by
a Coast Guard pilot, Lt. Col Rabo, flying in Aircraft No. 37241 at 11,500 ft.
The ship was safely tied to a pink ballon [sic] of approximately 100 ft.
with good visibility. Command originally identified the
object tentatively as a heavenly body.

On 9 November 1948 this Division sent a wire to Strategic Air Command,
Andrews Air Force Base, stating that the project, set up by this Command
to investigate and study reports of such sightings was of a classified order
of Confidential and that the Meteorological research work being done by
M. I. T. is unclassified. In view of this information permission was
requested to downgrade previous messages on this incident. Since it has
been definitely established that the craft sighted was a cluster of
eight balloons used by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for
cosmic ray research.

Permission to downgrade message was denied, Strategic Air Command
requested that original messages be destroyed.

DELETED AFTER A YR. IN ACCORDANCE
WITH AFR 200-2.
DOWN GRADE 800.10

Hereford No 204

194

---

UNCLASSIFIED.