There are no photographs present in this document image.

The text in the document reads:

---

Ltr, ERI, to CG, AUC, Subj: Analysis of Proj. "Grudge" Reported Incidents

The description of incident No. 10 is inconsistent with the appearance of balloon flight No. 111. Also, in consideration of the prevailing upper winds, it is very unlikely that the balloons would have gone more than a few miles westward of Alamogordo, although it must be admitted that a long, flight west of the launching point could not be ruled out as impossible.

c. Incident No. 17 compares somewhat in time with balloon launching No. 10 of 5 July 1947. However, balloon No. 10 although not recovered was known to have been downed northeast of Albuquerque, New Mexico. It was not recovered due to impossibility of terrain. Incident No. 13 is undoubtedly a description of the 280 ft. pibal balloons inflated by the instruments used by the laboratories. This incident is then to one of balloon release No. 149 of 6 April 1945 at Alamogordo. However, the time of the reported incident (1506 CST) is about 1/2 hour before the time of the balloon release (1432 MST), thus the incident could not have been that balloon.

d. It is of interest to note that Incident No. 122 was report-
ed by an employee of these laboratories who had considerable experience in the use of balloons of all kinds, and could have been depended upon to know the appearance and behavior of a balloon if it was this he saw.

e. Incident No. 163, bears a fair description of the appearance of a large plastic balloon in sunsat light. The object's disappearance could be accounted for either by it movement into the earth's umbral shadow or by natural defocusing of the observers's eyes. This incident could possibly have been balloon release No. 75 or No. 76 of 20 and 21 July 48 from Alamogordo. Balloon No. 75 was recovered at Hollister, California, which is in the Monterey Bay area, on 22 July 1948 and could have easily had a trajectory which would have been within sight of the Los Angeles area. Balloon No. 76 was never recovered. It is possible that it had a trajectory similar to No. 75.

f. All other reported incidents from 1 to 172 do not seem to have reasonable comparison with balloons launched by these laboratories.

3. The balloons used by these laboratories are now somewhat standardized. They are 20 feet long, plastic, white in color, and sphere-cone in shape. Nearly all launchings are made at the balloon APB at Alamogordo, New Mexico. Two photographs prints are enclosed showing the appearance and size of the balloons. The larger photograph shows the typical flight appearance at altitudes when it would be visible, It is hoped that this information may be of some use to you in identifying future reports of incidents.

2

---