There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text output from the document:

(4) Incident 4

Object #4 was observed by ### ###. ###., between the
hours of 2045 to 2050, 26 July 1948, at Chumblee,
Georgia and Augusta, Georgia. Description of this
object seems to indicate that it was a "meteor". Among
of the observers said that the object was "football
shaped"; that it seemed to be a green light with
a silvery tail and that its speed was 1500 to
1800 miles per hour. An observer stated that the speed was the time of a full
moon"; that it was a tail-bowed, brilliant light
trailing burning fragments. This terms spread together
with the description of a multi-colored lights trailing
burning fragments seems to establish this object as a
meteor.

D. COMMENTS

1. The only incident which possesses absolute intelligence signifi-
cance is Incident #1. It is obvious that this object was not a meteor.
There has been no eye-witness to similar aerial sightings of vulnerability, nor have there
been any major inaccuracies on the part of the witnesses.

2. Weather reports establish a 6000 ft. visibility as stated in the
observers' reports.

3. Available information from Ordinance, Army, Navy and AF Weather
Bureaus, Research Divisions, and other fields, failed to reveal any evidence
of testing devices to which this incident could be attributed.

4. Apparently it is no coincidence since a thorough check of
flight schedules, both commercial and governmental, revealed that in only
one instance did the reported flight paths cross. (See closely inclosed
Exhibit "#".) This single exception was the Flight ###, a non-scheduled cargo
plane, Convair Two-eighty. Its path was charted to the interior # as
well as remote locations have passed through the approximate areas of the 24
July lights where the sightings were reported. However, the factors of speed
velocity of flight, maneuvers, constructions, lights and other factors rule
out the possibility.

5. Objects similar in manifestations have been reported as follows:

- A spheroid-likes object capable of fantastic speed was seen
crossing vast space during broad daylight in emergency, Norway
last week.

- A Washington Coast, Amelia, "The Eagle, Columnist, reported
he had observed, "several times" a similar
was seen intermittently through clouds and was reported
to have two deck-plates attached.


                                                      TPS:00

(Note: Portions of the text have been redacted with "###" symbols, which indicates that the original document may have contained classified names or other sensitive information that was masked in the scanned copy.)