In the document, there is one photograph present at the top right corner, which appears to be an elongated oval or possibly cigar-shaped object. Due to the resolution and quality of the document, the details of the object are not clear, and it appears somewhat blurred against a plain background.

Below is the OCR output of all the text found in the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED
101 XAO-3/374/hbg
6 August, 1948.

SUBJECT: PROJECT "SIGN"

TO: Commanding General
Third Army
Fort McPherson, Georgia
ATTN: A.C. of S., G-2

1. This Command is engaged in an intelligence investigation of all 
reported sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena and is been authorized
dir. c communication with all Third Army units by Department of the Army
in letter dated 25 March 1948.

2. Reference is made to teletype from Commanding General Third ARMY
to Commanding General, Wright-Patterson AFB, dated 27 July 1948, CGUSA
Control No. 194917, revealing that an attendant of Atlanta Naval Air
Station sighted and unidentified aerial object which was confirmed by fif-
teen additional persons.

3. It is requested your office interview the above and obtain signed
graphic statements as to the anomalies observed. It is further requested
that observers indicate the following salient factors: location, date and
time of sighting, weather conditions at the time, names, occupations, and
addresses of witnesses, (if any), photographs or sketches, luminous or
metallic construction, number, shape, size, color, speed, in what part of the
sky first observed, direction, manner of disappearance, maneuverability
(tactics), altitude, sound, exhaust trail, odor (if any), effect on clouds.
In the event any photographs are in existence, it is desired that such
photographs be obtained for loan and reproduction by this Headquarters.

4. In connection with the above, request that

a. Local teletype sequence of weather conditions and the winds
alofit (sic) report be obtained.

b. Local flight schedules of commercial and military aircraft
flying in the vicinity at the time be checked.

c. Possible releases of test devices such as by the Underwater

Navy, Army, air forces, weather bureau, cosmic ray organizations

or any others, in the vicinity, be investigated.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS.
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DDA DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIED

---