The document does not contain a photograph. It's a text document. Here is the text output:

```
(C) Director of Security
December 30, 1948

TITLE: 2053

DATE: December 20, 1948

DIRECTION: Approximately southwest to northeast

SPEED: Slower than a meteorite (approximately 1500 m.p.h.)

COLOR: White, with a pale greenish tail

ALTITUDE: Questionable

POINT OF OBSERVATION: Route 4 - north of Sandia base cut-off

OBSERVER:

STATEMENT BY OBSERVER:

At approximately 2053, December 20, 1948, while driving over State Route 4 toward the South Gate (Station 8300), I observed what appeared to be, at first glance, a meteorite traveling from left to right, at a slight angle to the direction I was moving. However, this object seemed almost three times the size of a tennis ball and was colored a glaring white, similar to the color of white-hot steel in a smelting furnace. The tail had a small, conical shaped tail that appeared to be pale greenish in color, and this tail was not as clearly defined as the ball itself, seeming to be of a gaseous nature.

The object appeared to be travelling on a controlled, level course and was visible approximately a second and a half, disappearing from view behind the trees that bordered the road. As I made a sharp right turn on the road, the object was again visible for approximately a second, and this time it was considerably farther away. However, during this short second period I observed a small light, similar in size to a car's dimmed headlights, seemingly following it. This smaller object, which appeared to be travelling with it, was smaller in mass, similar in appearance to a running light on an airplane, and it seemed to be radiating a color, this object and accompanying light disappeared from view behind the tops of more trees, and I was unable to catch another glimpse of it.

Inasmuch as the event occurred at night, and due to the direction the object was moving, it is difficult to state how much distance away from the observer it was travelling. On estimating, based on the First maintained something as well as height no idea as to the size of the object.
```
Please note that some information, such as the OBSERVER's name, has been redacted from the document.