The provided image does not contain any photographs; it is a text document. I will now transcribe the text as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

LAS VEGAS, NEW MEXICO

This is a joint investigation conducted by Special Agents JOHN 
J. SMITH, Jr., and LEWIS E. JONES.

At 1715 on 3 December 1948, an AMC MAN, 40th
Air Force Base, and LEWIS E. JONES, both 
linked pilots, took off from Kirkland Air Force Base, Albuquerque, New Mexico,
in a F-80 type aircraft. As LAM from flying an an [inverted altitude of
25,000 feet, 3000 feet level, approximately 2500 feet above terrain at a
speed of 550 miles per hour, the former reported seeing directly the 
plane a formation resembling a V with very brilliant intensity. As 
many phenomenon was observed. The object, position of the aircraft at the
time (20) miles west of the Las Vegas, New Mexico, radio range station.
At the time of the observation the aircraft was flying a compass course of
340째, the indicated airspeed was one hundred ninety (190) miles per hour and
the ground speed was approximately one hundred ninety miles per hour.

       Hying Flying as Co-pilot heard the pilot's side the side the directive
was received. The phenomenon was observed on the right side of the cockpit,
approximately 30째 up angle from level. A dot was formed at latitude of 2,000
feet higher than the airplane of 15,000 feet above sea level. the aircraft's
position was observed covering a speed approximately 250 mph relative speed.
no abrupt turns nor up and down towards to the, angle of ascent of
the object was similar to the trajectory of course from flare of common
in the Air Force. However, the light was much more intense and has subject
appeared to be considerably larger than a normal flare. No smoke was observed
ride on the distance nor the size of the object was to other objects not vis-
able upon which to base a comparison. The object immediately larger and 
more brilliant than a shooting star, meteor or flare. In trajectory of the
object was almost short fast as down and was lost to the eye after climb-
ing towards Earth approximately two (2) seconds after the original sight. the
object in down state. its trajectory then dropped abruptly and a trail of
blazing fragments reddish orange in color was received falling toward the
ground. The fragments were visible for less than a second before disappear-
ing. The phenomenon was of such intensity as to be visible from the very
moment it ignited and was observed a split second later. It was not possible
to the comparison to known flares for longer than a split second before
disappearance.

The weather at flight altitudes was as follows; ceiling unlimited, visib-
ility a minimum of seventy-five (75) miles, no wind, 30 miles per hour 
below 30 thousand, the moon in the first half, stars approximately half way to its
zenith and south, or to the right of course. The 1855 weather observation
at Las Vegas, New Mexico, was clear, 30 miles visibility, temperature 30째,
down point 17째, the wind from the NW at 6 miles per hour, the altitude
was 20-24 inches of mercury. At 2012 the temperature the station remained
the same vicinity was approximately one and one-half hours just as another
phenomenon was observed.

On 3 December 1948, was at 1545 and accompanied by a crew chief 
took off from Kirkland Air Force Base at 1545 and flew to the area where the 
phenomenon had been observed the previous evening. A careful search of the
area, at no where phenomenon occurred in the investigation there.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNLOADED AT TINKER 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

Please note that the transcription is a verbatim copy, including any typographical or grammatical errors as they appear in the original document.