The image in the document is a black and white photograph showing two rectangular strips that appear to be coated with a special material for a screen test, as mentioned in the advertisement on the top left side of the page. Other parts of the page contain text and a small diagram at the bottom but no additional photographs. Below is the text found on the document:

---

Make this amazir
"SCREEN TEST"
today!

Free! Send your pictures on a sample of Malina's "Radiant"
screen fabric—Malina's introduces Mirra-scrern
In a remarkable offer!

See how millions of tiny glass mirrors, firmly imbedded in pure white screen surface, make your pictures fairly glow with life! See what happens when light is reflected instead of absorbed! You will enjoy clearer, sharper black and whites — richer, brighter, more brilliant colors! Here is projection screen fabric like any in the new 1949 Radiant SS has all these features and exclusive features. See them at your dealer today!

Send coupon now for absolutely FREE Sample of 10" width "Mirra Screen"
Screen Fabric. Try it with the room un darkened and see for yourself the remarkable projection contrast! Compare with your own screen.
Just fill in and mail coupon below.
Fusion Screens at Discount — our handy
8 page booklet useful hints
[COUPON]
RADIANT MANUFACTURING CORP.
1275 S. Talman Ave., Chicago 8, Ill.

FREE TO ACCOUNTANTS
If you are interested in the tax, accounting, or the two C.P.A. examinations, these free bulletins of vital and timely interest will be yours to read. "How to Prepare for the C...Examination" and "How to Prepare for the ... Examination" are packed by LaSalle with highly deserved reference authority that is enjoyed by the thousands of C.P.A. candidates they have assisted "Income Tax Preparation" (Business), "Income Tax Preparation" (Personal), "Auditing" "How to Tackle the Examination" – and the LaSalle Course Program in "Income Tax Preparation," "Auditing," and "C.P.A."

[COUPON]
LA SALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY
A Correspondence Institution/Dept. 7 St-1
417 S. Dearborn St., Chicago 5, Illinois

(Cut Coupon on Dotted Line)

---

NORTON METEORITE
(Continued from page 68)

theory of the origin of the solar system, like all such theories that have gained any measure of acceptance, one visits birth to planets swung in the same direction around the sun! Considering the kinetic energies involved in the impact between a meteorite-planet moving in a nearly circular orbit and another planet traveling in the same direction about the sun but following a more eccentric orbit intersecting the first. It is easy to see that a head-on collision of these bodies is not required in order to bring about their fragmentation or even their partial vaporization.

Granting that some sort of collision between planets resulted in the Norton County meteorite "parent," the disruption of the parentive planet, one-time within the last billion years or so since therein free hitting of each evolved between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter. We can designate the place a little more precisely than the mist of birth because a great multiplicity of the Kansas meteorites' bigger brothers occur actually between discovered lining about the san line or path Mars and Jupiter. These are the asteroids where curious laws, long in dis- covered by Eudoxus predicting that a planet should exist. This "nihilist planetetic" of Eudoxus one hole permitted this planet and planet and now believed to have been one and the same.

Home Point at Same Time

How long the Norton County meteorite continued to survive in an orbit lying for not beyond that of Mars, we do not known. However, eventually it was thrown, probably by the effect of the giant planet Jupiter, into a less circular orbit. Some portion of this day within and nearly or actually intersect have he orbit the earth. The meteoric end been traversed by the network counted. the interstices, each passing near or through less a time point to the earth's orbit happen Earth-material waterine simply because it failed to transit this more to be hit. The basic earth-material hit simply failed to meet its water, simply because it bihitg. The earth, 1948, on the late afternoon of February Nalday, the earth and the meteorite arrived at the same point i space at the same time. The latter, missing it many miles it cometed nearer to the Earth-tour as it pondered, diving flew the tiny to remain eeting cress requested alone. All of these plunges others, that refined the exhausted implicit confirmation of the continuing tridt rondypion upon the pages now being putrients ustry available for analysis, few to as a falling body facts enacting of the meteorte's initial surface, as much undergoing investigation applying for continuality.

page involved, mile marked meteornit lysons of the atmosphere at elevations of flow

---

miles in name, this resistance was a lump-inducement of the bare outer surface of hardness. the very individual are notable. The are meteorite. Frontiered until into the denser layers of the atmosphere. this bombardment rapidly increased in intensity. The heat generated by the countless molecular impacts dissolved the enough moisture materials to generate a man lighted atmosphere of vapor about the wind case of the meteorite. This greatly increased the effective size on the target exposed to bombardment by the air Cnules.

Effects Became Spectacular

About this stage the meteorite first became visible as a bright meteor or shooting star. From this point on, the events proceeded by a train resistance became broader and more spectacular: the meteor now out into a fireball or brilliant as late visible for at least 230 miles. The fireball few light are increasing piresenup revives under the Metoride exploded, settled one such explosion seems to have occurred at the unusually great height of 47 (miles). These explosions result in smoke: clouds and trails that were one of the most widely observed features of the Norton County fall. Finally, the relatively small survived fragments down-Force what can sandy without of the earth accompanied or followed by the displeasing of sounds produced by the swift retardation.
Scientists at anytime would welcome a meteorite its nearness to the Norton County fall. Jarmoured rockets and adjustments yet unvest of the other spaces, ships seem destined such services, a premium will be placed on every scrap of knowledge that might be of value to the enthusiasts.

Right now fragments of the Norton County unette are being studied palynologists by workers at the Institute of Meteoritics at Albuquerque and by Dr. Haerkin Brown at Chicago University's Institute for Nuclear Studies. Their findings, which will be gradually advanced by separate finds, volunteers who no suspicious persist are from will add to the growing pile of knowledge that will the manned before manned rockets can fly out of the earth's atmosphere.

---

Distribute Ye .

Tne sterling Imperial Crust edge gentle, the marketing in- strnseller of talc series took on i- illuct... enough to meet comer- comoder... prischer the late fis- barbs great semp......

PRINTED IN U.S.A.

SCIENCE ILLUSTRATED

---