The image displays a typed document. There are no photographs present in the image. I will now act as an OCR and provide the text from the document:

THE MANTELL CASE
7 January 1948

On 7 January 1948, at 1330 (1:20 pm) hours, the tower crew at Godman Field, Kentucky sighted a bright disc shaped object which they were unable to identify. The presence of this object was brought to the attention of the Base Operations Officer, Base Intelligence Officer, and eventually the Base Commander, but the object remained unidentified. At 1445 (2:45 pm), a flight of five P-51's flew over Godman Field. The object was still visible, and the Flight Commander was requested to investigate and attempt to determine the nature of the UFO if his mission allowed. The Flight Commander, Captain Mantell, stated he was on a ferry mission, but would investigate. Captain Mantell then started a spiraling climb to 15,000 feet, then continued to climb on a heading of 210°, the approximate direction of the UFO from Godman Field. At 15,000 feet the wing men turned back because they were not completely outfitted for flights requiring oxygen. The wing men attempted to contact Captain Mantell by radio but were unsuccessful. Captain Mantell made a transmission at 15,000 feet to the effect that he had the object in sight, and was still climbing to investigate. The 15,000 foot transmission was the last known of Captain Mantell.

It is the ATIC opinion that Captain Mantell lost consciousness due to oxygen starvation, the aircraft being trimmed continued to climb until increasing altitude caused a sufficient loss of power for it to level out. The aircraft then began a turn to the left due to torque and the wing dropped so did the nose until the aircraft was in a tight diving spiral. The uncontrolled decent resulted in excessive speed causing the aircraft to disintegrate. It is believed that Captain Mantell never regained consciousness. This is borne out by the fact that the canopy lock was still in place after the crash, discounting any attempt to abandon the aircraft. The UFO was in no way directly responsible for this accident. However, it is probable that the excitement caused by the object was responsible for this experienced pilot conducting a high altitude flight without the necessary oxygen equipment.

There were two conceptions as to the identity of the object; viz, one of the brightest objects in our heavens, or a large balloon used for high altitude experimental flights and known as "sky hooks". These balloons fly at altitudes in excess of 60,000 feet and reach diameters of approximately 100 feet.