There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the text output from the document:

```plaintext
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH AIR FORCE
Office of the Assistant Chief of Staff
Intelligence
Hamilton Field, California

UNCLASSIFIED

AFOIN-4/120.1

SUBJECT: Investigation of Flying Discs

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

  Information from the Sheriff’s office, Bakersfield, California, revealed
that numerous calls from residents in Bakersfield concerning peculiar objects
in the sky over Bakersfield, predicated an investigation by their office and
contact with MCI regarding possible Air Force.

  On 13th March 1948, two informants, Mrs. and Mr. 
stated that they observed a white object which appeared to be 
approximately five by five inches in diameter, about 12 feet above ground suddenly
appeared and disappeared as spontaneously what appeared to be a parachute, 
was down to the drifting to the east.

The object, as described, appeared to be a burning fabric airplane,
consisted in smoke. Observations were made in the Bakersfield object at both
the north and south ends, approximately east to west eight miles distance, around
1500 hours on 5 March 1948.

  On 13th March 1948, in Bakersfield, north on stated that he observed
an object, between 0900 and 1000 during the or approximately flying
miles distance. The object was a large, orang-red ball of fire, somewhat
larger than a small airplane, and appeared to maintain altitude for approximately
three minutes, than dip, rise, as bright orange with the gauges a burning 
hole. A parachute, with a black object hanging was then observed to fall,
drifting to the east until disappeared into the buildings of Bakersfield.

  On 12th March 1948, two informants, Mrs. and laboratory,
laboratories building, Bakersfield, California, stated that they in a dentist
office on the corner of on the morning of 12th they were in the
laboratories which appeared at first to be a very small airplane. Orange 
and flames seemed to envelop the object with considerable black smoke 
trailing in a zigzag manner for approximately 1000 feet. The 
object was observed it 1,000 feet, approximately due north of Bakersfield,
direction to vanished distant, at approximately 0630 hours.

  Informants further stated that the object disappeared behind a water
tower, which was at obstruction to their view, and was near the ground,
Both informants awaited for an explosion, thinkind it would explode
upon meeting the ground, but nothing unusual was noted.


WHG/dg

CLASSIFIED
DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200 10
```