There is no photograph present in the image.

Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

---
TO: HQAUS
FROM: HQAUS-3
DATED: 10 Dec 48
COMMENT NO. 

1. This office wishes to tender its appreciation in this first instance and requests your further aid in settling the following questions:

   a. Is there reasonable allowances for detection or error on the part of the obs'r. as it is possible to identify subject aircraft by contrails. What is characteristic foreign jet propelled aircraft?

   b. Are there any advanced types of domestic aircraft flying in the vicinity of Clark Air Force Base, Philippine Islands?

   c. Are there any foreign aircraft of advanced design approaching the reported configuration?

   d. What would the flying range of any aircraft, based on foreign soil in the geographic vicinity of Clark Air Force Bese, have to be in order to appear for reconnaissance purposes over American installations?

   e. Is this purported flying range well within the capabilities of existing jet engine, if it were the source of power?

   f. By estimating the most elementary factors of lift which can be produced, by the size and shape of the airfoil reported in basic wire, (by extension of the Francis theory of lift) what do you estimate the gross weight which may be supported at an arbitrarily chosen stalling speed of 150 miles par hour?

   g. Even achieved somewhere within range of weights assuming problems of controllability, stability, etc., to be decisive experimental evidence, what are the striking realities of such an aircraft from the military angle?

2. It is realized that some of those questions are not pertinent to your section, but it is felt that they follow to more or less systematic form in satisfying intelligence requirements. Please forward to HQAUS for answer of those questions which fall within their jurisdiction and return to HQAUS-3.

Obl Stffitt,
Chief, Operations Section
Ten Intelligence Division
Intelligence Department
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
T-78630-A

[DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE]