The image provided appears to be a scanned document page with text content but does not contain any photographs. Here is the text from the document:

Flame-Shooting, Wingless Plane
Reported Met in Alabama Skies

By The Associated Press

ATLANTA, July 24—Two East-
ern Air Lines pilots said they met
a wingless, two-deck plane nearly
100 feet through west of Montgomery,
Ala. They said the strange ship,
shooting out red flames and with a
blue glow underneath the fuselage,
passed the E. A. L. ship at 5,000 
feet headed toward New Orleans.
The pilots said the strange ship looked
like a "Buck Rogers rocket ship."

The two pilots—Captain S. C.
Pierce and Co-Pilot J. B. Whitfield
—were flying the Houston-to-
Atlanta-to-Boston run Thursday
last. They saw the "rocket" late 
night. They clocked the strange
craft at 2:45 o'clock this morning
twenty miles southwest of Mont-
gomery.

After reaching Atlanta at 3:49
a. m. they told of their strange
experience. Captain Childs said
they first sighted the object up
ahead when nearing Montgomery.

"It was in line almost with our
ship," he said. "We veered off to
the left and this object turned to
us swiftly. When it came nearer, it
was keeping its same path. We could
see it appeared to be about 100 feet
in length and about four times the
circumference of a B-29 fuselage.

"It had two rows of windows, and
upper and a lower. They were
square-cut, out of the rear of the
ship red flames were shooting
twenty-five to fifty feet. There
was a blue glow underneath the
fuselage. The ship appeared to
be doing between 500 and 700
miles an hour, heading toward
New Orleans.

"When it got alongside of us it
flamed up with a tremendous burst
of fire out of the rear. The flames
were so bright they blinded us for a 
second. Then the ship disappeared
into the broken clouds. The MET
was shining intermittendly and she
it would be seen for a few seconds
would then be obscured. Then
it had windows. It seemed to
have an upper deck and a lower
deck and was fully lighted inside.
It was no ocean liner that's
of the twenty passengers Captain
Childs said only one was
awake and saw the other ship.

The third verse classic tall not involve a saucer at all, but a
wingship about 100 feet long, cigar-shaped and abou three
the diameter of a B-29. It went down the night of July 21, 1948,
near Montgomery, Ala., by O. S. Childs and B. Whitfield, pilots
of an Eastern Airlines plane. The rudeness of the thing had a
"deep blue glow," portholes about two feet wide by four feet high,
red flames were now pouring out a 40-foot trail of which
brighly. The only *nowledgined of the flight was made at the
time the crew was told not to fire.

For the benefit of Mr. Whipple, the architect was fairly sure
that this was a different experience since put down and flying 
between Huntsville, Va., and Greensboro, S. C., he reported seeng
objects moving fast across a "bright shooting star" in the 
direction of Montgomery.

When something tiny another course converted the Chiles-
Whitted-Rocket-ship into an "all-tallic sky." It was in sight
for only a few seconds, swept by under their plane, and the
brightness of the blue backdrop. But it flies so closely in depth
portholes with live disk, from amber space jacket to the 

Please note that some parts of the document seem to be obscured or cut off and hence some words and parts of sentences may be missing or incomplete.