The provided image does not contain a photograph. However, it appears to be a scanned page of an old document from project blue book. I will now act as an OCR system and provide the text from the document:

```
HEADQUARTERS              A/bgcn 
215M AAF BASE UNIT (1238 TNG)
GODMAN FIELD, FORT KNOX, KENTUCKY

9 JANUARY 1948

The undersigned was on duty at Godman Field 7 Jan 48 as 
Operations Officer.

At approximately 1440 hours and 7 minutes, 7 JAN 48 I
received a call from Lt. Orner, 4AC Detachment Commander,
that the Tower had spotted an unidentified object and re-
quested that I take a look. Lt. Orner pointed out the object
to the southwest, which was easily discernible with the naked
eye. This object appeared round and white (whiter than the
clouds that passed in front of it) and could be seen through
cirrus clouds. After looking through field glasses for approx-
imately 3 or 4 minutes I called CO. Hix's office, advising
that office of the object's presence. Lt. Col. Wood and 
Capt. Dueslear came to the tow3r immediately. Col Hix followed 
them.

About this time a flight of four P-51 aircraft were
noted approaching from the south. I asked Tec. Sgt. 
Blackwell, Tower Operator, to contact the planes and see if 
they would take a look at the object for us. The planes were 
connected and agreed they had sufficient gas to take a look.
One of the planes proceeded on to Standiford, the other planes 
were given a heading of 230°, one of which was climbing toward
North (this one joined at 1200 O'clock in 5 plane...in V...). 
Lt. Col. One of the planes then said, this is 15,000 feet, lets 
level out. One of the planes, at this point (apparently the
plane who saw the subject) estimated its speed (the object's) 
at 180M.P.H. A few seconds later he stated the object was 
gliding up and forward as fast as he was. He stated that he 
was going to 20,000 feet, and if no closer was going to 
abandon the chase. This was the last radio contact I heard.
It was impossible to identify which plane was doing the talk-
ing in the above report. Later we heard that one plane had 
landed at Standiford to get fuel and oxygen to resume the 
search.

The undersigned reported to Flight Service a description, 
position of the object while the planes searched for it.

                                            /s/ Cary W. Carter
                                            CARY W. CARTZER
                                              Captain, USAF
                                            
                                  CERTIFIED A TRUE COPY

                                  /s/ JAMES P. DUESLER, JR. 
                                      JAMES P. DUESLER, JR.
                                      CAPTAIN, USAF

UNCLASSIFIED                 gmc/mb
```

Please note that there might be minor errors in transcription due to the quality of the image provided.