There is no photograph present in this document. The text from the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This is a joint investigation by the writer, S/A KENNETH W.
BERNAYS, EDWARD J. RUPPELT, and ROBERT R. JONES.

AT ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO

2. Letter from Miss [Redacted] to Dr. J. Allen Hynek,
Professor of Astronomy, University of Oregon, dated 3 November 1948, forwarded by Dr. LINCOLN LA PAZ. This letter indicates that she observed a "very strange star or fireball" on the night of 24 October 1948 over Phoenix, Arizona. Description extracted from letter follows:

Color: Green
Course: East to west, with erratic side motions
Speed: Very slow (estimated 75 minutes to cross sky)
Remarks: Seemed to be affected in course and brilliance by stars; moved off course to north and south in attempts; faded out whenever further west, then flared up and disappeared.

3. Lead sheets were transmitted to Williams Air Force Base Databank, 17th District OSI for interview with Miss [Redacted] to develop precise data as to course and elevation. (Enclosure #1)

4. Letter from [Redacted] to Dr. [Redacted], 
Hood River, Oregon, to Dr. [Redacted], 
This letter refers to the sighting of a blue-white flash of light accompanied by a loud noise, at 1940 hours, 20 November 1948. A lengthy letter from [Redacted] follows:

"At approximately 1940, a brilliant blue-white flash of light
was seen from Hood River, Oregon, about five miles south and slightly east. This is nearly directly over Pine Grove, a small Oregon town. Most witnesses said that it might have been lightning, but did not look like any lightning that they had ever seen. It looked more like the rapid burning of a flare. A loud noise, like thunder, accompanied the flash. One witness said that the light moved to the southeast, but no others saw this movement. The center of the flash seemed to veer and throb somewhat like a fluorescent T.H., or as few described an engine running. Then it disappeared. The radio interference was strong at the time of the flash and for a few seconds later. (Enclosure #2)

5. Lead sheets were transmitted to 20th District OSI for interview and directed toward getting more details for [Redacted] and obtaining the above details.

CONFIDENTIAL AT AIR MATERIAL COMMAND
DECLASSIFED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

-2-