The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a photocopy of a page from a document which includes typewritten text and some handwritten marks. Below is the text content as an OCR output:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIF

Supplement to Trip Report to Sulzbman, Ohio - 31 July 1948
Re: Atlantic Sighting

FROM: Col. Clingerman

TO: Col McCoy

1. The object of this trip was to interview ------- a passenger
aboard the Eastern Airlines DC-3, the night of 24 July ------

2. Mr. ------ written statement is essentially as follows: He
was occupying the 5th or 6th seat from the rear of the plane on the right
hand side and would periodically glance out the window. There was a full moon which
illuminated the ground and the skies and the ground could clearly be seen.
Frequently they passed cumulus clouds. On one occasion as he was looking
out he observed a sudden streak of light moving in a southwesterly direction
across the plane several miles distance. He wondered if it was lightning but
observed the flaw comparison in a sheet of Tulsa, and it left a red light. The color
was bright flame - the trail left was probably caused its color, no deduction
the object orange red on yellow flame. He shifted his position in his seat
for better observation, instructively looking left of it. Then he saw it
again. He estimated the time to be about 1/2 sec for above the plane as the
plane was above the ground. He saw no physical shape - only a streak of
flame moving in a straight line. The whole experience was momentary to that
ceilibrated observation was absent. He heard no sound but stated that the
vibration of the plane was much greater than normal and that it was not possi-
ble to hear any sound from the outside.

5. In this interview Mr. ------ stated to Maj Llewelyn that the
pilots seemed quite excited and that they expressed nervous over the episode.

R. H. Llewellyn
R. H. LLEWELLYN
Major, USAF

DAL:M
6/10
R&E 235
31st 2037
"Post 2037"

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

**Note:** The blacked-out text represents redactions made to the document.