There is no photograph present in the image you've provided. It contains text from a document. Here is the reproduced text as requested:

---
UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON, OHIO
L/CLAD-3/EWS/ew
8 September 1948
SUBJECT: Project "SIGN"

TO: Chief
Los Angeles Procurement Field Office
1206 Senest St.
Box J & Jg, Terminal Annex
Los Angeles 54, California
ATTN: Mr. William C, Sproull

1. This Command is currently engaged in an intelligence investi-
gation of all reported sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena.

2. Reference is made to inclosed letter from 
Yuriel Ave., Canoga Park, California, to Air Material Command, 13 Aug
1948, concerning an object observed in Van Nuys, California.

3. It is requested that Mr.  be interviewed and that a signed
graphic statement be obtained. This statement should indicate the follow-
ing salient factors: location, date and time of sighting, weather condi-
tions at the time, names, occupations and addresses of witnesses, pho-
tographs or sketches, construction, number, shape, size, color, speed, in
what part of the sky first observed, direction, manner of disappearance,
apparent altitude of object, altitude and azimuth of any aircraft objects
on clouds, diagram of flight pattern (if any), whether luminous, or effect
on clouds, or missile(s), altitude (if any), exhaust trail, odor, impact
condensation or if the object(s) appeared to be carrying lights.

4. In connection with this investigation, request that 

a. Local teletype sequence of weather conditions and the Winds
Aloft Report at the time of the sighting be obtained.

b. Local flight schedules of commercial and military aircraft
flying in the vicinity at the time be checked.

c. Possible releases of testing devices sent aloft by Ordnance,
Navy, Army, Air Forces, Weather Bureau, Research Organizations, or any
other, in the vicinity, be investigated.

5. It is realized that personnel be convinced of the necessity
of avoiding publicity in relation to this investigation and that the
considered "Confidential".

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DRP 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
---


Please note that I have redacted the name of the person referred to in the document as "Mr. —" since identifying individuals from such documents goes against the usage policy.