The image in question does not contain any photographs; it is a scanned page of a document from Project Blue Book, a series of systematic studies of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force.

As requested, here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
INCLOSURE #5
B. O. Wells, Director of Security December 30, 1948

TIME: 2053
DATE: December 20, 1948
DIRECTION: Approximately southwest to northeast
SPEED: Slower than a meteorite (approximately 1500 m.p.h.)
COLOR: White, with a pale greenish tail
ALTITUDE: Questionable
POINT OF OBSERVATION: Route 4 - north of Bandelier cut-off
OBSERVER:

STATEMENT OF OBSERVER:

At approximately 2053, December 20, 1948, while driving over State
Route #4 toward the South Gate (Station 390), I observed what 
appeared to be, at first glance, a meteorite traveling from left 
to right, i.e., at right angles to the direction I was moving. The 
object stopped almost the size of a tennis ball and was covered 
by a glaring white, similar to the color of whitehot steel in a 
steeling furnace. The ball had a small, conical shaped tail that 
appeared to be pale greenish in color, and this tail was not as 
clearly defined as the ball itself, seeming to be of a gaseous 
nature.

The object appeared to be travelling on a controlled, level course 
and was visible approximately a second and a half, disappearing 
from view behind the trees that bordered the road. It is made 
a sharp right turn on the road, the object was again visible for 
approximately a second, and this time it was considerably farther 
away. However, during this short second period I observed a small 
light to the right of the object, which appeared to be travelling 
with it. This smaller light was similar in appearance to a 
running light on an airplane, and it seemed to be reddish in color.
The object and accompanying light disappeared from view behind the 
tops of more trees, and I was unable to catch another glimpse of it.

Inasmuch as this event occurred at night, and due to the terrain I 
was travelling over, it is difficult to state the exact direction 
or mean the object was travelling. In addition, due to the source 
light intensity around me, as well as carrying no idea as to the size 
of the object itself, it is equally difficult to judge the altitude 
of the object.

UNCLASSIFIED     237
DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS; NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 52001D
```