The image provided appears to be a typed page from a document. There are no photographs present in this image. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

```
ABBOTT LUMBER COMPANY, Inc.
                            Local Office                                   Home Office
                                                                           Buffalo 10, New York
                                                                           WAshington 1354

Date June 25, 1949

To U. S. Army Air Force
   Pentagon Building
   Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen:
"FLying Suacers"

A fitly recant article in the Post stated your wish for reports
on this dream-world business. Last summer I saw something for
which I had and have no reasonable explanation. With no further
apologies, I'll just report as I remember the event.

I deparated, alone, from Woodrum at Roanoke, Virginia for Chilhowie
AP - shortly after sunset in July or August 1948. The flight was
without mishap and unevent until some point between Wytheville and
Marion. The Bellanca Cruisair was indicating about 145 - light
was on the bottom of the peak indication. I was about 1500 - 
about 1500' above the ridge that was to my right - perhaps 2000' -
otherwise, without chart reference, I cannot state altitude except
a guess at 6500'.

To my left, at about 10 o'clock, I saw a light. My very first
reaction was that it was the highlight of a locomotive. It was
obvious that it was not as it appeared to be moving, at the speed
of light slower than mine and in my direction - along the side of.
the ridge that mskes the other side of the valley along which I
It had the brilliance of a locomotive headlight, at not halfway head
on. From my place of observation, this light was between me and
the top of the opposite ridge.

I looked for flying lights and saw none. The light did not flash
or emit color like the tail light of a commercial carrier and it had
greater brilliance than I'd attribute to such a light. The light
source appeared to be several times the size than I'd attribute to
such a tail light.

My next reaction was that I was not seeing it. In which case all
lights within cabin the light was still there. Wind glasses -
still thero, Rocked wings - the light did not rock with me. 
It gave the indelible impression that it was the not unlikey curiosity.
What was that? I held not it was probable the moon down from the light
was closer to my level. Probably that increased indicated AS to
165. I appeared to have in increased slightly.

Faced, it appeared to take off at very good way less than sixteened
its speed at well over 300. It lost some altitude - in accordance
```

Please note that due to the quality of the scanned document, some words may have been transcribed with errors or are difficult to interpret, but I have transcribed it to the best of my ability given the image provided.