This image contains no photographs. It appears to be a textual document with some circular diagrams or stamps at the bottom. Here is the text from the document:

---

HEADQUARTERS STRATEGIC AIR COMMAND
ANDREWS FIELD
WASHINGTON 20, D. C.

SJC 350 (29 Mar 48) 29 March 1948

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Aerial Sounds.

TO: Chief of Staff
United States Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.
Attentioni Director of Intelligence

1. The following is quoted from a copy of a letter, Baltimore
FBI, addressed to the Director of Intelligence, Second Army:

"On March 23, 1948 an individual, who decoded that her
identity be kept confidential, telephonically communicted with this
office and indicated that she is the wife of a former member of the
United States military forces, and that she is presently active in
American Legion activities, but was emphatic in stating that she was
in no way hysterical, or unduly apprehensive regarding present world
conditions. She did, however, wish to bring to the attention of the
proper authorities that during the past four or eight weeks, on a
number of occasions between the hours of 2100 and 0500 A.M., she has
heard peculiar sounds not too has in the sky, which appear to come from
airplanes in the distance, bet the sound is not the type of airplane
motar drone which is generally heard from American planes. She has
discussed the matter with her husband, and he believes that the sound
is not like that of a foreign type airplane. She recently discussed
this matter with an unidentified woman who lives in her neighborhood,
which is Hamilton, Baltimore, Maryland, and this woman said that she,
too, had heard the noise in question, and that it was also an
ex-plane, and has has stated that the motors sounded like foreign
plane..."

2. No action is contemplated by this headquarters 

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:
[Signature]
Col, AGD
Asst AG

cc:/o furnished CO.,
AMC, Advana MD.

---

Please note that some words are either misread by me due to the poor quality of the document, or are possibly misspelled or corrupted in the document itself, such as "Not too has in the sky," which may be a typographical or scanning error. The signature at the end is represented as "[Signature]" because the actual signature cannot be replicated in text.