There are no photographs present on this page.

The text from the document reads as follows:

---
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT  
LOCKED JETS AFTERNOON
LOCKBOURNE AAF/AIR BASE
Columbus, Ohio

16 January 1948

SUBJECT: Report of Unusual Circumstance.

TO: Commanding Officer, 332d Fighter Wg., Lockbourne Army Air
Base, Columbus 17, Ohio.

At approximately 1640 hours January 7, the Control Tower Operator
advised me that he had been observing a strange light in the Southwest
for some time. Upon my first time I received the information, I in
conjunction with other officers in the vicinity of the operations office,
proceeded to my gasoline operations about 2 miles when the tower operator
advised me that he had seen the object. I returned to the operations
office and with the use of binoculars, made an observation of the object.

It was 15 degrees above the horizon to the West Southwest of
Lockbourne, emitting a vivid red light changing to amber-yellow at
intervals not exceeding 1 to 2 seconds. Its size and magnitude was
greater than that of any star. A good comparison of its size and altitude
would be with one of the runway lights turned on at full intensity viewed from a distance of 500 feet.

Its shape appeared to be circular with the exception of a slight
tip of tail extending towards the left from the main light with the
diameter of the object long. From the time I first saw the object to
approximately 1950 hours, it appeared to remain motionless in the sky.
At this time the object descended to the horizon in the interval of
about 4 seconds, hovered on the horizon for about 3 seconds, and then
assumed its original position on an interval of 3 seconds. It’s
course was elliptical, counterclockwise in the earth and moved toward
towards the horizon and disappeared at 1955 hours. There was no sound
audible from the object at any time.

Its distance appeared to be about 5 miles from Lockbourne. How-
ever, Information received from Clinton County Tower which saw the
observational object the same object in the same general direction and
position at the same time as our observations at Lockbourne. Then the
object must have been the distance would be much greater than 5 miles,
and velocity well to the excess of 500 miles per hour. This object
actually looked to be traveling at a speed around 500 miles per hour.

[handwritten note on the margin]
Show to Col.
McCoid
---