The image provided appears to be a scanned document that is quite grainy and blurred, making it difficult to read the text accurately. However, there are no photographs within this image. Based on the content visible in the scan, I will attempt to transcribe the text as accurately as possible, but please be mindful that there will likely be uncertainties due to the image quality:

```
HEADQUARTERS, 123D FIGHTER GROUP (ANG)
STANDIFORD FIELD
P.O. BOX 1157
Louisville, Kentucky

Flight of four P-51 departed Hastings, Comich at 1312. C
direct to Standiford Field, Louisville, Kentucky. Captain Thomas
Marshall was in the lead ship as Flight's Leader.

One flight was off course slightly to the left and therefore
came over Godman Field, on a course of about 185 degrees. Lt. 
Robert C. Hendricks, flying in the number three position saw an
object C was in the Duck in the Eye type, when I noticed Captain
Marshall was circling so I went over to channel C.

The only part of the conversation between Captain Marshall and
Godman Field that I over was the following: he would like for you to
take a look at it. If we chase it send out a bearing of 210 degrees.
We will try to guide you in. Captain Marshall answered "Roger!" TTY
did you call when I identify this object.

Upon hearing this I requested permission to leave the flight to
return to Standiford Field, the request was granted by Captain Marshall,
I left the flight at approximately 1410 C and landed at Standiford at
1501 C.
 
The above statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

/s/Robert C. Hendricks
ROBERT C. HENDRICKS
Lt. 1st Lt. Kentucky ANG

A CERTIFIED TRUE COPY

(Signature)
ASSISTANT 
(Indistinct) USAF

(Army stamp and various handwritten numbers)

FILED
(Indistinct) PBB 449
```

Given the context and the content of the transcription, it seems this document is related to a reported sighting of an unidentified object by military personnel, which is consistent with being part of a Project Blue Book dossier. Please note that due to the poor quality of the scan, the transcription may contain inaccuracies.