The image provided is a scanned document page and does not contain any photographs. Here is the text from the document:

```
11D 24-2

DETAILS:

UNCLASSIFIED

1. This investigation is predicated upon letter, 17th District Office
of Special Investigations, Kirtland Air Force Base, Kirtland Field, New
Mexico, dated 20 January 1949, stating MR. HAROLD M. WRIGHT, 315 Barfield
Building, Amarillo, Texas, observed what he described as a "green fireball"
upon three separate occasions.

2. Mr. WRIGHT was interviewed on 31 January 1949 and gave the follow-
ing information:

On 12 September 1948, accompanied by Mr. Funk (initials unknown),
a teacher at Moffat, Colorado high school, the first "Fireball" was seen
in the vicinity of Moffat, Colorado. It appeared to be a bright green falling
star. On 5 December 1948, while traveling on U. S. Highway 160, in the
vicinity of Blanca, Colorado, the "Fireball" was again observed. Moving
horizontally and westerly, at a very fast rate of speed, it once more appeared
to be a bright green. WRIGHT stated that the "Fireball" seemed closer and more
brilliant than previously. It did not fall but went out in midair. The
"Fireball" was last seen on 22 December 1948 in the vicinity of Idaho Springs,
Colorado, and again had the appearance of a bright green falling star. In
the company of WRIGHT, at this time, was a Mr. CHARLES SILLIOTT, St. Louis
Valley Cooperative, Monte Vista, Colorado. WRIGHT described this phenomena
to the best of his ability but was unable to give concrete details regarding
size, shape, location, etc.

3. During the interview, it appeared to this agent that WRIGHT was
above-average in intelligence and that the "Fireball" was not just a figment
of his imagination.

4. Reference is made of radio reports in Oklahoma area stating "Fireballs"
were seen on night of 31 January 1949 in northern New Mexico.

- REFERRED UPON COMPLETION TO OFFICE OF ORIGIN -

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that the text I have provided is an exact transcription of the information available in the document image, which includes certain words and phrases typical of such reports and does not reflect any personal views or knowledge.