The image does not contain photographs; it is a scanned page of text from a document.

The text in the document reads:

---

Ltr, ERH, to CG, AJC, Subj Analysis of Proj. “Grudge” Reported Incidents

"At a flying saucer; two flying saucers, three flying saucers" ----etc., or more relaxing speed. On the other hand it is not easy to count seconds and at the same time make all the other desirable observations, It must be remembered that when a person is excited his estimates of time are apt to be rather inaccurate.

d. Estimation of the elevation angle of the object. Almost all persons will overestimate elevation angles. This tendency can be reduced by the observer extending one arm vertically and the other horizontally to observe a 90° angle. The vertical arm can then be lowered to point to the observed object. In this way the observed angle can be compared with a 90° angle and a more accurate estimate obtained.

6. It is realized that it might not be possible for an observer to perform the operations suggested in the preceding paragraph, during the period the object is sighted. If he would immediately reconsider what he saw and then estimate such measurements, he should be able to give quantitatively answers accurate to at least 25%. In interrogating observers, they should also be asked to reconstruct the observations and then estimate them as soon as possible. It is suggested that instructions for making such quick and estimated observations be given to weather observers, control tower operators, civil pilots, forest and fire . rangers, and other such people who might have good chance of seeing unidentified flying objects. If any information concerning unidentified flying objects is given to the public, instructions for reliable observations should be included.

7. This organization will be pleased to be of any further assistance required in connection with this matter.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER; 

/s/ A. C. Trakowski, Jr.
A. C. TRAKOWSKI, JR.
Captain, USAF
Director, Base Directorate
for Geophysical Research

Incls
1. List of balloons launched (in trip)
2. 8" x 10" photo print of plastic balloon
3. 5" x 7" photo print of plastic balloon

---

The document appears to be discussing methods of observing and estimating the characteristics of unidentified flying objects and provides instructions for improving the accuracy of such observations. It also mentions attachments to the letter which include lists of balloon launches and photo prints.