The image is a scanned document text, with no photographs present. Below is the text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

AF FORM 112 PART III
PREVIOUS EDITIONS ARE OBSOLETE

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
intelligence Department
Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio                             102-122-79

5 5

4. The above estimates regarding weight, controlability, stability, etc.,
are not intended to represent deductions regarding the exact nature of the supposed
or other-shaped arrangements which might possibly utilize jets, rockets or other principles,
advantages, beyond already well-versed of possibilities, which are intended to show
that such an aircraft could support and control itself by aerodynamic means. The
proposed system of controls of the type of vehicle would appear to be a jet or rocket engine.
The specific fuel consumption of engines of this type would be rather high. This,
coupled with the fact that aerodynamic lift on such a body would be accompanied by
a large drag, places a serious limitation on the range of the aircraft; for any particular
mass weight. If this type of unidentified aerial object has an extremely long range,
it is probable that the method of propulsion is one which is far in advance of
presently known engines.

POWER SOURCES:

(a) The foregoing discussion is predicated upon the assumption that power
sources presently available would have to be used. If an atomic
energy powered engine were available, a small mass flow at a large
velocity would accomplish the required lift and propulsive forces and
the large energy expenditure would be of small importance.

(b) However, the heat exchange requirements for true atomic powered engines
appear to demand physical dimensions of plant size that present-
ly would preclude the use of this power plant for aircraft. Experi-
mental work in progress to convert the energy of the atomic pile directly
to electricity, rather than heat, offer the promise of a more compact
atomic power plant.

c. It has been established by Project Land investigations that would re-
sources, economical attainments and existing materials are adequate to permit con-
struction of a space ship.

CONCLUSIONS:

1. The flying anomaly observed, remains unidentified as to origin, construction
and power source.

2. A definite trend of flight headings has evolved as generally south in bearing.

3. Supporting evidence from separate reliable sources establish existence of this
configuration.

4. An aircraft of the configuration described could support itself in flight by
aerodynamic means.

Robert B. Schnider
Captain, USAF
Project Officer

Note: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the espionage act 50 U.S.C. 31 and 32 as amended. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED