The image contains a scanned page from a document with typewritten text and redactions. There is no photograph present in the image. Below is the text extracted from the document:

Birmingham, Alabama newspaper photographs of two objects having a general 
oval shape where the leading one was approximately three times the six of 
the rear object which seemed to be attached or following very closely and 
separated at a distance of about two or three lengths of the small object. 

10, Mrs. █████ pointed out how this object was brought to her atten-
tion while sitting in the second floor and looking out through the window in 
a southerly direction when the two objects were seen floating slowly across 
the horizon and then suddenly separating and disappearing below the house 
tops. She could not state that they dropped in somebody's backyard or even 
on the ground, but that they simply dropped slowly from view and were not 
seen again. Mrs. █████ however, thought that one object separated or brok'n 
in two and dropped from view. 

11, Mrs. █████ son, █████ who also claimed to have seen the objects, 
agreed with Mrs. █████ and Mrs. █████ that the color appeared to be the 
same as a yellow, red or amber colored flashlight. This but little 
we stated that it was not one that would appear flame and irregulat. They all 
stated that it was not a frightening thing, but seemed to be very quietly 
and peacefully moving along, coming from a high altitude over the water in 
a downward slow moving path toward the shore and then lightly rising again 
and rapidly disappearing in the distance in the general direction of Phila-
delphia.

12. The object appeared to be in view far at least 15 to 20 minutes on 
each occasion Mrs. █████ stated once that she had seen it approximately 20 
times, but upon further questioning as to the exact number of times, she re-
duced it to about 5 times, according to the following schedule! 25 and 28 
Dec 47, 3 and 10 Jan, and 13 Feb. Mrs. █████ stated that the Coast Guard 
visited that vicinity ie. Wildwood' and 10 Jan to view the next occurrences, 
but evidently did not see anything. 

13. A map of the town showing the layout of the city blocks and streets 
was presented to indicate the direction of objects which was brought back a 
part of the case for the purpose. They stated that no noise or sound of 
any kind was emitted; no smoke or exhaust trails were seen. They also in-
sisted that it was not any balloon, dirigible, flare, parachute or any other
thing that they knewl and they seemed to have a pretty good knowledge as to 
the appearance of such things. They claimed it was something they had never 
seen before. They could not describe it accurately, but they assured us it 
was very real. 

14. Mrs. █████ sent this hq a latter dated 16 Feb transmitting a copy 
of "Mirts and Crafts" published by MacMillan Company that carried an article 
about her activity in the writing filed, which substantiated most of her 
statements in this respect, Also inclosed was a book entitled "Hand-
book of █████'s" written by her and published by Consolidated Book 
Publishers

CONFIDENTIAL
DECLASSIFIED
DOD DIR 5200.9