The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with redacted sections. Here is the text from the document:

```
A. ORIGIN:

In compliance with verbal instructions from Maj. General Cabell, Director
of Intelligence, AFOI, this hq proceeded to investigate the report concerning
the sighting of an unidentified aerial object in the vicinity of Montgomery,
Ala, occurring 24 July 1948 between the hours of 0140 and 0215 ZI.

B. ACTION TAKEN:

1. On 25 July 1948, Major R. R. L. Limbach, Project Sign Officer,
Mr. L. O. Reynolds, Technical Assistant to Col Gilzenberg, Mr. J. C. Ledford,
Assistant Officer for accidental analysis, Air Division, and Capt R. J. Sorenson,
Security Officer, proceeded to Macon, Georgia where they interviewed Capt
[scribbling] and Mr. [scribbling]. From pilots, and obtained their signed
statements as to the reliability of Mr. [scribbling] as a reliable person to gather
data drawings executed by Colis and facilitated arrangements together
on 31 July 1948 Major Kelley, [scribbling] entered OG service. Together the
same relaivale. A memo citing the source of OHIO raid or Eastern Airlines
said there was a passenger aboard the C-3 piloted by [scribbling] and [scribbling] his
statment is attached as Exhibit "A".

2. Following the above interviews, inquiries were instigated
to big U.S. Naval and commercial airlines by priori vetelvares 2 aug 1948
regarding data on flights movement in the general vicinity of Alabama,
Florida, Mississippi, Georgia, and Carolina, Tennessee and North Carolina.
Charts of these air movements are appended as Exhibit "B".

3. In compliance with IG letter dated 6 July 1948, this office
of [scribbling] investigations (IG) AFOI undertook an investigation pertaining
to an aerial phenomena reportedly seen by various persons within the 6th OSI
District. A complete report of the various sightings, pages 1-16 is appended
hereto and Exhibit "D". Further reports and statements as to reliability are
also appended.

4. After the statements were received, a complete analysis as to
the data and time, geographical location, and description of the object
was charted. The completely assembled data, i.e., statements of witnesses,
reliability statements, airline schedules and the elovated data chart
were forwarded to the various technical agencies to effect an evaluation and
interpretation of the technological factors involved.

V. EVALUATION

1. The collated data chart (Exhibit "A") was drawn up to effect a
true or pattern in regard to the reported sighting.
2. From this analysis, it is evident that times or possibly some
erase incidents were tampered.
```

The quality of the document makes some words unclear due to either the original text being illegible or due to poor scanning resolution.