The image contains a page of text; there is no photograph present. Here’s the text as an OCR output:

```
ABBOTT LUMBER COMPANY, Inc.

Local Office Home Office

                                                                            Buffalo 10, New York
                                                                            Washington 1354
To
                                                                              Date 

with my observation.

At Marion there is a break in the ridge that was to my left. There
lay another valley.

My light appeared to make a turn up this other valley - a turn whose
radius did not appear to be out of proportion to invariant speed.

Thatrs all I saw of it - although I looked up the valley as I came
to it; soon after. I felt that I should have seen it.

Naturally, it occurred to me that it might have been an aircraft.
As it seemed that the crafts light went on to beam turned off after
the turn and that the light then went on toward Bristol, after having
made a nother turn, I inquired at Chilhowie if they had sighted such
a light or had seen an aircraft. They had not. I didn’t press
the subject as I found it slightly embarrassing.

That's all. It didn't look like a disc or a square. I saw no
shape. The was were no orange or red lights, I saw no exhaust.
It was not a weird looking light. It didn't strike me. it just
provoked my curiosity - but not to the extent of chasing it.

I don't recall being tired or weary. This was my first experience
at seeing something what probably aint. I'm not troubled with
dreams. I was very sure, at the time, that I was seeing something
as described and still feel I saw it. But, there is no reasonable
explanation for a light to behave in its manner. That is - I find
no reason for its being there.

Neither can I say that it is a cause for alarm. Any foreign power
would be nuts to test a craft that way.

                                                         Yours very truly,
If branch office address is included at upper left of this sheet, please reply to that office with copy, if convenient, to our home office.
```