The image does not contain a photograph; it is a page of text from a document.

Based on the text in the document, I will reproduce it as an OCR system would:

---

Pag.e. 2

Name and address of observer: -------------- El Paso, Texas

Occupation and hobbies:
Neon Sign Manufacturer - own employer. A pilot
since 1925.

Comments of Interviewer relative to reliability and character of
observer: ---------- is approx 50 yrs of age, well settled and conducts
his own business. He is an experienced pilot, comes from a middle-class family, 
is a little above average in intelligence and is a good conversationalist.
He told a straight forward story and did not contradict himself. He appeared
sincere in his conviction that he saw an unconventional aircraft. He was can-
vinced the object was not a weather balloon since he is familiar with weather
balloons.

1427 MST 25 Jul. 47:
While watching a government plane come in for a landing
at Los Alamos at Oglio hours 23 Sept 1946, ----------- noticed something glint
in the sun. Focusing his attention on the object he perceived that it was
metallic white, neither transparent nor translucent and that it had no
particular sheen. It was particular observed from a distance which appeared
low as a coin would appear when dropped, the side visible. It bore being 
larger than a dime. Moving it up in relation to the tip of the radio tower
he back od off to the north. The object appeared clear out of the picture in 
relation to the tower. Using this perspective he judged the altitude to be
approximately 30,000 ft. At that altitude the object would necessarily be
some 100 to 150 feet in size in order to be visible at all. There were no
projections, aerials, or exhaust of any kind. -------- then led the object
to the attainment of maximum his monocular, both men leaned on into a
building, transacted their business, and at the end of eight minutes, went
outside and again perceived the object in approximately the same position. 
Within the same limits saw the object; to his last observation was approx-
imately 15 to 20 minutes. ------- also corroborates the statement
with that of Mr. ---------- (175A) reveals discrepancies in that Mr
-------- places the date of sighting as 23 Sept whereas Mr. ----------- states the
date to be 25 Sept 46. Mr. -------- thought the object appeared to be moving
in a semicircle. He also stated that it was visible for approximately 15 to 20
minutes; that it left no air trail or exhaust and that it moved from South to 
North and finally to Northeast. Mr ---------- stated that the object was 
moving at an estimated speed of from 700 to 800 MPH and that it emitted a blue
glare to the rear. Mr. ---------- stated the object was moving in a direction
from northeast to southwest.

---