There is no photograph in the image provided.

Here is the text output of the document:

contend that it is possible to remain conscious for a few minutes at 25,000 feet but fail to recall events rapidly or be as responsible as at sea level with oxygen at 17,000 feet altitude. The presence of anoxia in this case in the altitude range considered was very limited. Prior to his separation from the service and affiliation with the Air National Guard, Captain Mantell was assigned to Troop Carrier Command and according to fellow officers had no occasion to participate in high altitude flights.

At the time Lt. Clements and Lt. Hammond, who incidently, had been aware of anoxia symptoms for some time, broke away from the lead ship, they estimated that their altitude was 22,500 feet. The range between 15,000 and 20,000 feet is referred to as the disturbance stage and occasionally, there are no subjective sensations by to the mind of unconsciousness. The critical stage lies between 20,000 and 25,000 feet at which altitude consciousness can be lost rapidly, depending on the phyical condition of the individual.

It is believed that Captain Mantell was rendered unconscious from anoxia and the uncontrolled, aircraft started a vertical spiral culminating into a dive which was perpetrated by the high engine settings and torque. Consequently, the aircraft with its great producing full power rapidly deposed its descent in telescoping and was extended from the short, vertical dive because the elevator control later supplemented by eyewitness statements to this effect that the aircraft almost perpendicular only half way on its initial point of dive to the ground.

a. Assuming that Captain Mantell was rendered unconscious, it is unlikely that he would having sufficient time to recover and abandon the aircraft before it crashed.

b. Is the opinion of the undersigned that all fighter aircraft should be serviced with oxygen between each flight and that to be compulsory that the pilot have an oxygen mask in his possession.

The above would preclude the necessity of a pilot taking any unnecessary chance of flying at altitudes without the proper oxygen equipment.

RECOMMENDATIONS:

A. This accidents be publicized precinct through the medium of "Flying Safety" publications "Crash and Consequences."

STATEMENT OF REBUTTAL

a. Inasmuch as the pilot was killed in the accident, it was impossible to obtain a statement of rebuttal regarding pilot error.

223300
13. ROBERT J. JOHNSON
MAJOR, FAR