The image does not contain a photograph.

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

civilian, Plenner Flight[s] was intercepted by a NC-47. In view-
this interview, we concluded that there are two elements involved
Mr. T----- D------ and BEAR Flight did not overtake, were unsuc-
ful. At 2315 hours, 5 December 1948, he was approached and left
by an F-82G type of airplane at an altitude of 9,000 feet, with
the heading of 272 degrees. An object as observed at roughly an object slightly
above that of altitude, in the midst of the Mountains--at a dis-
tance of six to eight miles ahead of his position, was on a slightly
higher flight path, and he assumed it to be another aircraft. The
first view which was observed, an object which, on realization, this
object that first appeared to be nothing more than another airplane,
then after efforts spent to be avoiding itut accelerated so swift, that
less than only a few seconds an object could be aside of him on a
different course by 5000 ft. MR. W----- and SMITH were of the opinion
than it would have been impossible for serious in the passenger one might
unable to have observed this phenomena. MR. W---- states that he did
not observe this object and added that he was of her knowledge all
of the passengers were asleep

NOTE: It is to be noted that there is a discrepancy in the color of the top, this file and that recorded on Location Field Interview.

5. On 9 December 1948, Colonel William E. EUSSEN, Instructor,
Civilian Components Affairs Officer, [25 March] Military District, was
interviewed at his office, Army Building, Rooms 314 and 315 Tenth St., N.E.
Kirkland Field, New Mexico. This interview was conducted by S/A ROSB
J. GREEN. Here, the FLIGHT Commander, and the operator, Colonel EUSSEN
said that it was of June one, and had the same type of observation of
the latter part of 1947. This occurrence is merely one of two, during
his past years -- 20 year period. So far as fast, Quinn Sighting against
him do. The phenomenon expressed to be any mandatory part of five hundred
feet above the earth with an first observed and descended slowly and
bodily like a vessel that apparently -- the craft is, in essence, first and
normally it is proven and a rocket-sized material, this object, approx-
imate mile. Upon reaching ground approximately two hundred feet above
this surface of the earth, the object stopped, an upside and though no
made apparatus. Colonel EUSSEN however states as no cables and an amply
upon the subject, at these times the conclusion, or disintegration, this
would be behind place some forty to fifty yards through, still
do not were noticed, at this time the fragments assumed a fiery red-
ular mass and descended now with like numerous sparks, bodies extenuated
before touching the ground, Colonel EUSSEN states than the witness on this
date extends into buzzard by he and THE advised that this case is merely as
he graffiti were planted by a force. Colonel EUSSEN did not express the
cause or investigate further.

Colonel EUSSEN advised that on that 29 or 30 of November 1948,
as again on 2 or 3 November 1948, he observed, and similar phenomena as desig-
cribed previous. These observations were in the same vicinity of the
ordinel phenomenon on passings, near Truth or, New Mexico. All times
of these incidents occurred as approximately 2200 hours. Col. EUSSEN

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

5