The image is of a text document and does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text from the document:

---

STATEMENT
UNCLASSIFIED 12 January 1949

At the request of Chief of Intelligence, this undersigned wishes to describe as accurately as possible his impressions of the brief appearance of an unknown illuminated object which appeared over Fairfield-Suisun AFB at 2025 PST on 3 December 1948. The object first into view about 2 miles north of the control tower, flying at a low altitude between 500 and 1000 feet, climbing on a low trajectory, with a speed estimated at something in excess of 400 miles per hour. Immediately after sighting, this observer rushed to the east side of the tower. By this time the object was estimated to have not more than 1500 feet altitude and it's speed had slowed to several seconds to perhaps two-hundred (200) miles per hour. The observer can recall that a this stage the object had a very slight undulating or bouncing motion. When in this position overhead with a line between the tower and the air freight terminal, but a slight distance east of the terminal, the object took an almost vertical rise or climb and levellal off again at an estimated three thousand feet. At that time the other control-tower operator on duty continued watching, raised the lights in observatian throgh the AACS binoculars of the object on this business he reported that the object, upon motion checking with the operations be so that he might be able to get a look at it. The other tower operator reported the object last immediately afterwards started at a crash climb toward the south-southeast and reached about twenty thousand feet, at which point he lost sight of it. The undersigned never saw the object again after going for the telephone.

Pertinent information is that the light was clearly seen with the naked eye, brilliant but by no means blinding. In size it was comparable to one Traffic-field-sun AFB's high-intensity runway lights. The observer is convinced it was not an aircraft navigation light. The night was clear, and the wind was indicating southwest at 10 miles per hour on tower instruments.

I certify and affirm that the information herein is true and accurate to the best of my knowledge and ability.

[REDACTED] PFC, USAF
1901 AACS Squadron
Fairfield-Suisun AFB, Calif.

UNCLASSIFIED

[Several redacted areas and some illegible text]
Encl: 3         2-2               215/s

---

Please note that some parts of the text were difficult to read due to the quality of the scanned document, and there might be minor inaccuracies in transcription.