The image does not contain a photograph. It presents a text document.

Here is the text from the document as if read by an OCR system:

```
COPY UNCLASSIFIE
TO. Director, Intelligence & Security Division 7 January 1949

FROM: Chief, Physical Security Branch

SUBJECT: Reported Observation of Unidentified Light or Flare Moving Across
the Sky on 6 January 1949

On 7 January 1949, the writer interviewed PFC. Meredith J.
Everitt, ASI 3585254, Headquarters, 8450th A.F.P. Group, concerning
the unidentified light or flares which he had reportedly seen moving
across the sky.

2. PFC. Everitt advised that on 6 January 1949 he was guarding
a C-97 airplane at the landing strip, located adjacent to the
Operations area, when at approximately 1730 hours he noticed a bright
object traveling across the sky, from the Southwest towards the
Northeast. He related that the object was diamond shaped, approxi-
mately two feet long, and appeared to be much brighter in intensity
than the edges. He estimated that the object was approximately
1500 to 2000 feet in the air and travelled approximately 500 feet
horizontal to the earth's surface, before he lost sight of it. PFC.
Everitt was unable to estimate the speed of the object but stated
that he has seen low flying jet planes, and that this object travelled
much faster than the jets that he has observed. There was no smoke
or other apparennt material visible to PFC. Everitt around or follow-
ing the object.

3. At the time PFC. Everitt witnessed the object, he stated
that the sky was clear, furnishing a light blue background, and that
the object appeared to be a bright white light, with no other appar-
ent visible color.

4. Standing guard with PFC. Everitt were Sgt. Richard Holesgroe
and Cpl. Wilson, and according to PFC. Everitt, neither of the other
men saw the object. Everitt explained that he called to Sgt. Holes-
grove, who was standing in the other end of the plane, and told him
to look at the object in the sky, but by that time it had disappeared.

5. PFC. Everitt stated that he attended Flight School, under the
G.I. Bill of Rights in Houston, Texas, during the year 1947, and that
he has had some experience in observing aircraft.

/s/ MATHEW J. DOUFY
Chief, Physical Security Branch
Intelligence & Security Division

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIE
```