There are no photographs in this image. Here is the text from the document:

---

THE DAYTON DAILY NEWS

Spectral Specter Seen,
Haunting CCAB Skies

WILMINGTON, Jan. 9 - (AP) - A phenomenon of the skies, a flaming red cone trailing a gaseous green mist, appeared near the Clinton County Air Base last night, and today continued to provide a mystery for the thousands of people who saw it.

The Air Base late yesterday issued a formal statement on the matter, but, a spokesman said, de-tails were still had to dig out of what they or what it might mean.

The phenomenon was described by observers as having the appearance of a flaming red cone trailing a gaseous green mist disappearing in the southwest skies of Wilmington Wednesday night between 7:40 and 7:55 p. M. (EST) it was said the phenomenon continued to 7:55 p. m. when it reportedly disappeared over the horizon, ended in the elimination hung suspended in the air at intervals and then gained and lost altitude at what appeared to be terrific bursts of speed.

The intense brightness of the sky the phenomenon pierced through a heavy layer of clouds passing intermittently over the area and obscuring other Celeste points momentarily over the states of Ohio there.

M/Sgt. John L. Mann, St. Lewis, and T/Sgt. Olivia mem Tech. St. Harley E. jiOris and members of the operations, for the patrol tower employees in observing the sky phenomenon for approximately 35 minutes.

Blazing Gome
Seen In Sky

WILMINGTON -- A sky phenomenon, described yesterday by observers at Clinton County Air Base as having the appearance of a flaming read cone trailing a gaseous green mist, appeared in the sky southwest of Wilmington Wednesday between 7:40 and 7:55 p. m.

Staff Sgts. Gule F. Walter and Corp. James Edman, control tower operators, saw the phenomenon at 7:20 p. m. and disappeared over the horizon, when it observed it until 7:55 p. m. They said the display hung in the air and then gained and lost altitude at what appeared to be terrific bursts of speed.

The intense brightness of the sky as the phenomenon pierced through a heavy layer of clouds that intermittently over the area.

Flying Saucers' Again?

Ball Of Red Fire Reported At Wilmington

By United Press

Mysterious objects seen floating in the skies over Kentucky, Tennessee and Ohio revived speculation about "flying saucers" to-day.

The latest report, on the phenomenon was at Wilmington, O., where personnel at the Clinton County air base reported a flaming ball of red fire which was seen for 35 minutes until it disappeared over the horizon.

National Guard headquarters in Kentucky moaned the report of a pilot on a mysterious flaming object, which was caught in its flight while Pilot Thomas F. Man-ney said Tophy won an egg shape when prominent flying object hung in appearance and at another moment was long, flat and con-candlight. His two pilots along with Mantell turned back after they had climbed to 7000 feet.

A bright, bulb-shaped object also was reported seen at Clarksville, Nashville and Columbus, Tenn. And at several points in southern Kentucky yesterday.

The ball of fire was primarily to., OH was seen by Corp. James Guidon F. Walter and Staff Sgts. Gale in the patrol tower at the air base. They watched it for 35 minutes.

They described it as a flaming red cone, trailing a gaseous green mist.

It hung suspended in the air and at intervals it gained and lost altitude at what appeared to be terrific bursts of speed.

The intense brightness of the object pierced heavy layers of clouds, he added.

It also was seen by Wilmington residents night before last.

YOUNGSTOWN, O.—Lt. Col. James F. Pierce of the Army Cageros said he saw "orange-yellow" lights which appeared to converge from the north and northwest toward the center of the imaginary circle. He said at first they continued the worth at-tempt to photograph them from the air.

Officials at the Chicago Weather bureau said there were no weather conditions that would have produced Aurora Borealis had they risen west. They pointedly intimated St. Elmo's Fire.

St. Elmo fire, that explainable, luminous plasma of the light sheet, usually from a metal rod mounted atop a plane winding comb object or a steeple.

---