The image appears to be a typed document. There is no photograph within this image. Now I will act as an OCR and produce the text found in the document:

```
Incident: 207A

At approximately 2200 hours Lt Henry G. Coombs sighted an object flying on a
360/70 pattern to East over Andrews AF Base. The object had one continuous 
glowing white light. Coombs thought it was an aircraft with the wing
navigation lights turned off or burned out. He then made a pass to check.
Object then took evasive action. First contact established at 1700 feet
over Andrews AF Base. When object started taking evasive action, Combs
switched wing and tail navigation lights off. Maneuvering his ship so
that his exhaust flame would not be noticed in an effort to get the object
on his left he proceeded to close in but the object quickly flew up and over 
his aircraft. Then Combs attempted to maneuver the object between his ship 
and the light of the moon. This was done by maneuvering very tight 360 turns with flaps down while making a steady climb. Object was able to make
turn inside of Combs' aircraft even under this condition. Another amazing
feature was the quick variation of airspeed from 0 MPH to 500 or 600 MPH
Combs remained in contact with the object for some 10 minutes with the 
object between the lights of Washington, D. C. and his aircraft. He could
only see on oblong ball with one light and no wings and no exhaust flame.
Trying to close in again he remained in sight of it up to 6000 feet, then
down to 3500 feet to 4000 feet but it always easily evaded him. When
object and Combs finally climbed up to 7500 feet, Combs pulled back up sharply
and came underneath the object within 500 ft to 1000 ft. He then turned
his landing lights on it. It had a very dull gray glow to it and was oblong
in shape as mentioned before. Object then performed a very tight curve and
headed for the East coast at about 500 to 600 MPH.

Witnesses agree that (1) Object was highly maneuverable,
                  (2) Seemed aware of the presence of a following aircraft
                  (3) Capable of almost vertical flight
                  (4) Was smaller in size that [than] F-6F type aircraft.

Witnesses were uncertain as to whether source of light observed eminated
from entire object or was exhaust type in nature.
```