There is no photograph present in this image.

Here is all the text found in the document:

```
TEXAS OBSERVES
Amateur Astronomy
1810 Morrison Dr
Ft. Worth 3, Texas

1948 May 15

Commanding General
Wright-Patterson Base
Dayton, Ohio

Attn: Maj. W. M. Faulk (V/CA)

Dear Sir:

While there was never any doubt in my mind, I can now report to
you finally that there is tangible proof that the fireball of Feb. 13 over
Northern Kansas was just that, inasmuch as meteorites have been recovered
from it.

Three were found beginning Apr 24, First several smaller fragments
up to maybe 1-1/2 pounds came to light. Then a distributor moving into a clover
field led to the digging up of a piece of some 109 pounds about two feet in
the soil.

You can get details from the various scientists I referred you to before.
Also Prof. H. H. Nininger made the preliminary report to me, Dr. L. La Paz
came in later and got most of the material concerned. To date, you could
write either of them for details or confirmation as the type is what is
termed an "H conadrite," a technical Chrondrite however unusual heavy meteorite.
It is reported to be of a type which will deteriorate rapidly. I have
also examined many of it's atoms.

Incidentally, when we talked together you may recall that I asked
you whether you could help me locate a former Cpl. Adkins, Trueba
yourself no further, as I found him by inquiry thru ordinary channels.

Now I'll send you enother [error] favor. In some possible work in areas
containing iron meteorites, I could use a metal detector weakly. I have
been checking into the types of units the Army had left and sold as surplus,
find that they had some AN/PRS-2 and in trying for half way the same,
am told that there was also detectors, who could utilize that asian Information
or types (instructions, etc,), and why he could find whether semi 
valuluables? I have located two surplus outfits who sell these, but am
wondering if the Army or the War Assets has any more.

Sincerely,

Cedar Morris
```