There are no photographs present in this image of the document page.

Here is the OCR output of the text in the document:

CUNJ: Project "SIGN" UNCLASSIFIED August 1948

Statement, the original of which is marked [Exhibit VI].

a. "To whom it may concern: At approximately eleven
P.M. on this twenty-ninth day of August 1949 in..., 
called my attention to a luminous flying object falling
through the air. It was just walking up the steps to her porch, 
having has is raise. I saw exactly the same thing from...
saw. A very pretty sight it was. Looked like an oval shaped 
platter rolling along on its edge. It must have been going very 
fast because it disappeared almost7. try to time seconds from the 
time I first noticed it. It was a great round or longer. It 
seemed to have a tail on it about a yard or two in length. Looked 
like a aluminum plate or seat platter. I saw all of that at
five minutes intervals. Sergeant the of the Police Department 
and his daughter... also saw this third one. Followed by seven
lights flying objects came from within it, and flew to the 
southwest. The weather was cloudy with lightning and rolling 
thunder. In fact, it had been stormy most of that afternoon and 
evening. The objects flew over part of Oakland & came in 
or just this side of it, which would be East of Oakland S point, 
they traveled about 1,000 feet or less maybe. Passed behind 
the houses across the street from us. - Signed: [redacted]."

b. On 27 August 1948, Mr. [redacted], Senior Airways 
Traffic Controller, at Pittsburgh Allegheny County Airport, was 
interviewed. The informant supplied the following information. 
No scheduled commercial airline or military traffic pass over
the area in question. Connellsville Airport, a small "4p 
field, from which light, privately owned aircraft are operated, 
is located on the right side of the shortest leg of the 
Uniontown, West Virginia, range station on airway Blue 39. 
This area is also outside of the Eastern Training flying area 
of Greater Pittsburgh Airport. Therefore, these aircraft could 
not be operated over the city of Uniontown, Pennsylvania.

c. On 27 August 1948, Captain Samuel F. Tolland, Forecast ar,
assigned to the 2nd Weather Group, 30th Weather Detachment, at 
Greater Pittsburgh Airport, Coraopolis, Pennsylvania, was inter-
viewed. The informant supplied true copies of two (2) tatteyped 
weather sequences for 29 June 48, marked(Exhibit VII).

d. Reference cardindex 5, basic letter, there are no
entries 332525-Niclov/located in or near Uniontown, Pennsylvania.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YER INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIED

(Note: The image shows text that is cut-off, tilted, and has parts that are not legible. Some sections of the text are redacted, and the completed transcript is to the best of my ability based on the visible content.)