The image includes a scanned document with text and a small table but does not contain a photograph. Below is the output of the text found in the document as if it were processed by an OCR system:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #33, 4-6 -- page 3

intervals of more than half an hour, would be incredible.

Incident #33 is the only case of the four that includes
the daytime observation of presumably this same object. The im-
portance of the incident is, however, paramount, for it was in 
tracking down the mysterious object that Lieutenant Mantell lost
his life. Again it is possible that the object observed was the
planet Venus, although the evidence is by no means as definitive
as that for the sightings made later that day. First, the bearings
of the object as reported by various witnesses differ considerably,
where one says southwest, another says south, for the same instant.
However, integrating all the evidence, one is again struck with the
coincidence of the object's positions with that of Venus. The fol-
lowing short table of sightings vs the position of Venus shows the
general agreement of the two in azimuth:

CSF                      Object                               Venus

1330 (WAC Oliver)    8th or field   almost due S   174°
1345 (Sgt. Blackwell)   South., of field   178°
(PFC Oliver)            SW
1400 (Lt. Umstot)        S                from due S (130°), at
                                      1403, moving westward
                                     195°
1445 (Capt. Mantell)     210°
       (Col. Hix)           2105                 215°

A more pertinent question is that of whether it would have
been possible to see Venus in the daytime or that day. All that can
be said here is that it was not impossible to see the planet under
these conditions, It is well known that when Venus is at its'greatest
brilliance, it is possible to see it during the daytime when one knows
exactly where to look, but on January 7, 1948 Venus was less than half
``` 

Please note that due to the quality of the scanned document, there may be inaccuracies or missing text in the OCR output.