There are no photographs present in this page.

As for the text, here is the output of the entire document text:

```
CLASSIFIED
                                                                                                                 29 November 1948
                                                                                                                 Clark Air Force Base
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

    The following is an eye-witness report of a strange airborne craft
or object;

    On November 13, 1948, between 1200 and 1400 I saw a strange object in
the sky.

    I was seated in the doorway of the Radar (Theatre on the north side,
smoking and watching some cloud formations in the Northeast. All at once,
a white pencil materialised and commenced to lying due west in a northern di-
rection. I thought at first it was a plane, a very long plane. Then it
grows as it continued to advance as a whole unit, Well, for it was so long,
I know it could not be no plane (There is no planes around my mind; further-
more, it moved very very fast, it covered lots of sky in a short time. I thought 
collision with a few targets. The object advanced to a place, It then be-
gan getting closer, getting large cloud formations then vanished, flashes white 
come out of that cloud, it got all the time, I thought, maybe when it
came out on the Northwest by North side, it will be better late then. It
before it disappeared in the same cloud formation.

    The following is as good a description of what I saw, as the whole
thing was out of normal comprehension, I hope to be excused by my lacky
to bring details attention to it to others who were nearby.

    It was non-metal (the fact that it glistened as it moved), no more
than one or two miles high, my assistant are, just substance), as it 
moved, I got a clear view broadside to me, and as it turned back into the same
station, two fins, and very short lead-on, ther's no definitely a ring ov-
with object with times besides short. Important to the length of T, I saw for
the third time, the second time it appeared was to the cloud formation they 
to get taking the air come out directly facing me, and shots and farther away,
(Understand, all thing, it was closer than at any other time T was forth to
a clear sky would make, I could hear a single roar, as a single plane in
a plane, but would standing, look for another plane, or maybe I should say
the object I was watching.)

    All this I did see; I could also tell that the side wasn't a smooth sur-
face, as it came toward the third time -- it if the side was a smooth run-
by windows. This seemed also was short, in comparison with longth, but, broken
- it would be impossible to estimate the length of this object, but, in com-
parison, it would be.

DOWNGRADED
AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:                                                                        DECLASSIFIED
DECIDE
BYALMAR
UNCLASSIFIED
```