There is no photograph present in the image.

Below is the text output from the document as requested:

```
ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET AIR TECHNICAL SERVICE COMMAND
Use this form for inter-office correspondence Use authorized office symbols to designate Use initials of dictator and typist, telephone
within headquarters. addressee and addressee. number and location of origin of signature.

Use entire width of sheet, both sides. Number all comments consecutively. Place initials of dictator and typist, telephone
Separate comments by horizontal lines across page. number and location of origin of signature.

SUBJECT: Request for Transcription No. DATE 13 Jan 4 COMMENT NO. 1
TO FROM MCIA
TXSXF

1. It is the understanding of this office that conversations between the tower
at your facility and aircraft in flight within certain ranges are recorded. During an 
investigation 9 January 1948 at Godman Field, Kentucky, it was learned that a re-
cording was made 7 January regarding an unidentified flying object. This event took
place sometime between 1400 and 1600 hours E.S.T. To complete the intelligence inves-
tigation of this incident, it is important that all pertinent information be obtained, 
particularly the discussion that took place between the three P-51 National Guard air-
craft and the tower operator at Godman Field.

2. It is requested, therefore, that a typewritten report of this transcription
be furnished this office as soon as possible. If certain words are not readily under-
standable as a result of static and interference, an attempt at an interpretation by a
qualified operator should be made to obtain at least some bit of information that might
prove significant.

                                   C/Lt. Col. USAF
                                   Chief, Analysis Division
                                   Intelligence Department
                                   
                                   2-1208
                                   Pm 253
                                   Bldg 11a
(COL/amb
15 Jan 4)

MCIA TXSXF 15 Jan 4 2

1. This office does not have a record of the conversation that took place between 
the three P-51 National Guard aircraft and the tower operator at Godman Field.

2. If there is a record of the information wanted in paragraph 1, comment 1, it
would be available from the Detachment Commander, 733rd AFBU (103rd AACS Sq), Godman
Field, Ft KNOX, Kentucky.

                                    DE ARLOND B. WATTERS 
                                    Major, USAFR
                                    Commanding

RESTRICTED

(CONTINUE ON OTHER SIDE)
                                        
WP 35-1-4-4-2 Mil.
```
