The image you've provided does not contain any photographs. However, it appears to be a document with text. Here's the OCR output of the text present in the document:

```
-2- UNCLASSIFIED

our observations more accurate from a descriptive point and to make a
written report of our observations.

These are my recommendations. It is my understanding and
has been my observation that this LL has of one even in the
Jacquelyn Service. Attempts have been made to observe it more closely,
as it means of observing include searchlights, pursuit planes, etc.
And when opportunity, it was attempted at observing with both to
observe it from the air and from the land. To observe it from the air
I would suggest these means. Chase squadrons made with the
impressions that this thing has been observed before down the same times
and probably can be observed again. That the Air Force of the
Department of Defense have excellent photographic planes. These are
Fast high rate of flying types. These could operate fairly well.
The use of good photographic men to operate our cameras would
necessitate no small means of deviation but would enlist all our
resources for proper observational and understanding. Also
the Air Forces have small observing planes that might be used.
Civil Air Patrol unit to be used. Certainly, some attempts should be used
to observe and find out about this thing from the air. It appears to
be indigenous generally in the skies right at Eagle and our immediate
area. Its observance is felt to be noticed frequently, some even coined
Patrol attempts should be made by our own personnel to observe this thing,
Also attempts should be made by our own personnel to observe this thing.
Patrol 105 of the communication section could be at this Point Eagle
about this suspected time of appearance each night. It might even be
important enough to place other patrols at points of observations 
until this thing is understood and known about. Also in future attempts
to observe this thing radio silence should be observed under all conditions
by participating personnel until this thing is sighted by more persons,
by more patrols. Meanwhile find over the radio the interview about it.
Radio conversation, if this thing is man controlled, may give a clue
to those controlling it, that attempts are being made to observe it 
may make difficult a discovery or an understanding of its nature.
The use of radar may also aid in its discovery.

UNCLASSIFIED
```