There are no photographs present in this image. The image contains a scanned document. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output the text present in the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED
(FORM 112—PART I
ATTENTION: REPORT CONTROL DIVISION
AIR REPORT
(OFFICE SYMBOL)
SWEDEN
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Project “STORK”
FROM Sweden
(Flight (Source)) OIA-Sweden
91A
DATE OF INFORMATION DATE OF REPORT
30 December 1948 2—
REFERENCE NUMBER —
(FORWARD BY AIR)
PREPARED BY
Lt. Col. Harold E. Riley, Colonel, USAF
SOURCE (include class, identity, position, reliability)
(COORDINATE WITH [REST SON)
Swedish Defense Staff
ADJ-2/55
SUMMARY: (Write brief summary of information presented on purpose. Limit summary to the height of three of four lines—10/pt.)
Despite Swedish Air Defense belief that no proof exists that any unidentified flying objects,
missiles or vehicles in FR passed over or near Sweden to date.
1. All reports of sightings in Sweden during the years 1946 and 1947, irrespective of to
who they originated, have been funneled to a special section of the Defense Staff,
where the sightings were plotted. In each case an exhaustive interrogation of the
observer followed, somewhat along the lines of the USAF Project "SIGN". All
information obtained of sightings was explainable in terms of astrological phenomena.
2. In addition, 3 ground radar stations and 2 radar equipped destroyers cooper-
ated in maintaining watch. The most optimistic estimates are that unidenti-
fied objects of highly short range and were not observed on a 24 hour basis; however, no unexplained
sightings were made with this equipment.
4. Conclusion: Although the possibility exists that object have traversed
Sweden and its adjacent waters, no proof has been obtained to confirm such flights in
any instances.
COMMENT: This cooperation of the Defense Staff in securing this information was
undoubtedly given in an effort to help solve the UFO reports made with the USA air reports
for 20 Dec. 47-48 but had been refused as expert license by our Joint Documents
The members of the Defense Staff, to whom I talked, were eager to point out the good
use to which such equipment could be put by both ourselves and the Swedish as determined
by our mutual interest in undefinable flying objects.
I am in agreement to this as regards license and equipment will be accorded
by 725. As to our national policy, as expressed in the National Security Council
documents 20/1, then would the information we might receive from the use of such
equipment have.
DOD DIR 5200.10

---

The text has been transcribed to the best of my ability, given the quality of the scanned image. Some words may be incomplete or misspelled due to the quality of the original document's text and the scan.