The document page presented does not contain any photographs. It consists of typewritten text with some words redacted. Below is the transcription of the text found in the document:

---

30 seconds for the central mass to take on its new configuration after the three larger balls took up their new positions. The color of the spheres/balls local to the squadron initially was a very definite orange, breaking up period. The small spheres appeared to be of two classifications, very small and fine specks. The smaller of the small spheres appeared to be approximately 1/10th the size of the large spheres. The other spheres were approximately 1/5th to 1/4th the size of the large spheres. No estimate of ratio between the numbers of the two sizes of small spheres could be made.

Upon assuming their new configuration, the complete mass began to recede from view. The small particles became invisible after one or two minutes. The three larger balls did not seem to start to recede until after the smaller ones were no longer visible. It took about four minutes for the three to disappear after the smaller ones were no longer visible. There was no explosion. There just seemed to be a receding out of sight with the large balls retaining their isosceles triangle positions.

---

The following statements by Mrs. [REDACTED] were not in accord with Mr. [REDACTED]. Except for the following variations, the statements and descriptions of the witnesses were almost identical.

1. The original mass varied from round to oblong with the distortion always in the same specific direction. The color was described as a polished aluminum with a very light shimmering on it, similar to the heat waves one sees on a hot day above bituminous, high, oily asphalt.

2. The original size of the mass was about the size of a quarter. Prior to break-up, the mass had assumed a size 15 to 20 times larger than the original size. The resemblance now just prior to break-up of this mass was compared to the size of a hand ball being caught by the first baseman as viewed from the third base position.

3. The first impression of the balls dropping from the center of the mass was similar to a parachutist coming out, however, it did not take on a parasol shape but assumed a ball shape. The three balls moving away from the mass retained their round contours. Upon start when they reached their new positions, rapidly no one was aware of stop when the breaking balls appeared to have a more whitish appearance with less glare or shimmer. The color was described as being a very bright white. The comparison of the large balls to the small ones was stated as comparison of a baseball (initial ball) and a dime as traveled at a distance. Mrs. [REDACTED] believed that the small balls were all of the same size. Mrs. [REDACTED] did not recall any trail except a foggy haze behind the small balls during their break up. Then the small balls very fast left the view, a trail haze was seen at this moment until all the large mass disappeared before the large balls had receded from sight.

---

[CENSORED SECTION]

[Signatures and Titles]

Captain, USAF

Operations Officer

---