The image does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. Here is the transcription of the text:

```
2.

swept up, glided and dived, interweaving as they traced their
their paths. Movement was co-ordinated and there was no feeling
that the chains would collide.

The chains did not have the appearance of strung beads,
but gave the impression that the discs over-lapped slightly,
like fish scales, as if the discs were set obliquely to the axis.
It was this positioning which produced the effect or the elements
of the chains being discs with the flat surface presented to the
observer rather than spheres.

I thought at first that what I was seeing had something to
do with the Jet planes which I knew were scheduled to arrive.
Against this was the fact that the storm was blowing so hard that
it was impossible flying weather for pre-jet planes. Also the
movement of the chains was so swift and involved and concentrated
that I couldn't imagine planes going through such manouvers.

I thought of exhaust gases or tracer-flares, but the chains
appeared to be self-propelled and guided. They were luminous and
with a faint haloization, but there were no comet-tails or streams or
swishes of light.

Attempting to find a relative descriptive of what I was
seeing, I thought of the back-ground pattern of Disney's "Fantasia".

I remembered, too, Fourth of July fire-works. The trajectories
the chains were like the bursts from "Flower-pots" and the chains
themselves reminded me of star-chains from exploded rockets, but
with two essential points of difference:
     (1) They appeared to be propelled, not floating.
     (2) In general they were horizontal, sometimes up-tilted,
          but never vertical.

I judged the chains dipped to not less than 3000 feet above
the Cape and rose to several times that hight.

As daybreak began the display diminished. There were fewer
and fewer chains and finally none. I had been watching for from
five to ten minutes.

That morning when the crew came to work at the shop, I said
nothing, for I felt that others must have seen this occurrence and
there would be reports of it. There were none, either then or
subsequently. In mid-morning I told my wife what I had seen, and
we agreed to say nothing, believing there would be other accounts.
There have been none.

It was not dis-associated, and I forgot I was sworn to a half
promised Air Force probablility that it had steem as of the trail
of some Air Force experiment, it made almost no mention of the
circumstances except telling Mrs._____ and two nights later
her father and mother. In the intervening months the incident was
virtually forgotten until the re-renewed publicity given the subject
of discs last week.
```