The provided image is a scanned document page and does not contain a photograph; it consists only of typed text. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

6. Mrs. █████'s family consisted of four children, three boys and one
girl, one of the boys having died several years ago, and who would now be
approximately 27 years old. One son and daughter were in the service
during World War II. The younger son apparently was too young to be a ser-
viceman. During the ten minutes that he was observed, he appeared normal
in every respect, and was typical for a young man of 21 years of age. It
is our understanding that Mrs. █████ is deceased and may have left some in-
surance money and provided some other income so that Mrs. █████ and her son
could live moderately at this resort, because no statement was made as to any
business activity of her own.

7. Mrs. █████ apparently did not marry until World War I while travel-
ing in Europe as a representative of the Red Cross. There she met a Hungarian
who had three sons. They were RAF pilots during World War II and all were
killed. Her present son, █████, who is 21 years old, received all the in-
heritance from his step brothers and also from his father who is also
deceased. Mrs. █████ boasted how well off her son is as a result of the in-
heritance of property and money. Mrs. █████ claimed that she had no financial
worries of any kind, and therefore could devote all her time toward knitting
and standardizing various designs of woollen article of apparel.

8. Mrs. █████ took the initiative in frequently relating about strange
happenings in the town of Wildwood for a number of years, including such
things as submarine sights, numerous activities in and out reported landings of
so-called spies by submarines during World War II, and peculiar activities of
many alleged inhabitants world by that practically all the rest is in
Philadelphia area. In that connection three well posted factual steps showing
They both explained that Wildwood is primarily a summer resort and therefore,
the town is rather vacated during the off-season period during which time the
recent popular activities take place. They claim, therefore, that the flying 
dis is some other kind of aerial approach to carry out adverse activities 
by a fereign country. They firmly believe that a recent horital fire that 
started in the roof was caused by the flying discs. A description of the 
discs was not clearly presented as to the shape; however, it was what one 
would except from such individuals not having a technical background and the 
inability of other competent observers to describe exactly what they have 
seen. The best description as to shape and color was that of an oval or tear-
drop shaped object this design, but with no one to verify its true use. The 
one in Wildwood was a pointed out during a walk to Mrs. █████'s apartment as
localized and might be this design again likened by ███ claw like its but may 
thought she said was about the same from where they were viewing it. They 
not say exactly what the actual dimensions were as they could not judge the 
distance.

9. Mrs. █████ was not certain that the objects flow directly over any 
particular house, although they appeared to do that. Both Mrs. █████ and 
█████ █████ said that the object could have had had a considerable el-
lasion, by that, they meant over the open water just below Cape May, and
that the objects would always come from the open water approach over Cape May, 
and then follow the waterway up towards the general direction of Philadelphia. 
All witnesses stated that where witnessed only one incident, at which time the 
seperation of two objects occurred. Her description tallied somewhat in that 

DECLASSIFIED                                                                 Authority
Declassified by N/A on XX/XX/XX
```

The document is partially redacted with the names and potentially sensitive information blacked out. This is consistent with the practice of censoring classified documents to protect confidentiality and personal privacy.