The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of text. Below is the OCR output of the text present in the document:

```
FLIGHT LOG
PAGE NO. 3
SEQUENCE NO.

(Copy of)
"TIME 0920
     AT CLEVELAND GD

ON GADO FORM NO. 3

STA TIME STA INITIALS STA REMARKS
9:20 Richmond Called regarding some very peculiar object they had on their scope. It didn't seem to be moving at all. They, 
wanted something done about it immediately. They are checking CAA, Wright Field, etc., to see if they can offer 
any suggestions. Richmond requested that we turn in a report of our conversation demanding immediate action. 
They are checking with CAA, Washington. 

10:19 Richmond Called regarding that balloon or whatever it was, they first contacted us about. It's definitely on the ground now, rec-
ords indicate it's not a balloon, but what it is no one knows. They are requesting immediate investigation. 
They could give us no assist on the type plane which might be available.
The conversation ended at this time with Richmond stating, "You will hear about this; it's something that you may
be flying around with up there one of these days." 

10:48 Lorain Called, CAA gave them information on the object Richmond has been checking with us. Indicates it's quite large, 
radar indicates about 100ft. in diameter, the object is on the ground impossible to move. Of-course all they have is 
radar to go by. They believe definitely its no weather balloon or any type aircraft known to them. It's not an air-craft 
at all, as we usually know it. 

11:22 Richmond Richmond still demanding immediate investigation, regarding above. 

REMARKS (Cont'd) 

11:45 Pittsburgh Very excitedly reports object on their radar scope, very distinct return, requested they alert for it immediately as Richmond 
had already reported this object. Pittsburgh radar indicated not cloud formations anywhere near there, this object 
can be nothing more than evidencing object just hanging in mid-air. It's not moving at all... 

11:49 Richmond Richmond reported object definitely not a balloon, nor an aircraft as we know it. It's something of an enigma to everyone. 
They can not furnish any plane for any sort of investigation, wants our people to handle this through appropriate 
channels. They believe the thing, whatever it is, came down in vicinity Uniontown, Pa. Estimated time of fall between 
0930 & 1000. 

11:20 Cleveland Filed a report of telephonic conversation. 

CONFIDENTIAL NOTICE
STO
CONFIDENTIAL SECRET 

RESTRICTED UNCLASSIFIED 

PURPOSES ONLY
Treated As: (Type)
```

Please note, due to distortions in the image, the OCR transcription may not be 100% accurate.