The image you've provided is a text-based document with no photographs present. It appears to be a page from an interview or an investigation report with a series of questions and answers. Here is the full text from the provided document:

```
SUBJECT: Project "SIGN"            CHARACTER: Special Investigation DATE: 9 Sep 43
                                                           FILE NO: 333.5 (2-4)

DETAILS (Cont'd)

Q. 33. How long have you worked here?

A. 33. Since September 1947.

Q. 34. When did you get out of the Air Force?

A. 34. I was discharged in March 1947 as an enlisted ****** Draft
       Sergeant engineer.

Q. 35. Is there anything further you would like to add to aid in this
       evaluation?

A. 35. Yes Sir. During the Battle of the Bulge, a German and myself
       were on guard duty and saw something that resembled this object
       in question. It later found that he had witnessed the launching
       of a German V-2 rocket. It carried a stage of fire that more or
       less resembled this object. This object looked like rocket
       propulsion rather than jet propulsion, but the speed and size
       was much greater.

Q. 36. Did the altitude, speed, and size of this object have any
       similarity to a meteor or shooting star?

A. 36. No Sir.

Q. 37. What else did you associate your thoughts with when you first
       saw this object?

A. 37. It looked like a rocket and was the shape of an XS-1. It was
       too large for an XS-1. My final conclusion was that it was
       energized by rocket propulsion.

Q. 38. Were you excited when you told the other people about this
       object?

A. 38. No Sir. They more or less kidded me about it and was informed
       that Flight Service wanted to see me.

Q. 39. Who did you talk to in Flight Service?

A. 39. I talked to a men over the teletype system but did not know
       his name. He wanted to know whether it was a civilian or military
       plane and I told him I wasn't sure. I think Flight Service turned
       it over to ADC CenCom the next morning.

UNCLASSIFIED                                        - 5 -

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

Note that some of the text is redacted (as indicated by a series of asterisks). These redactions likely conceal classified or sensitive information that was not meant to be publicly disclosed at the time the document was created or declassified.