The image provided is a scanned document page with text content. There are no photographs present on the page. Here is the text output from the document:

---

-2-

Directly above and to the left about eleven o'
clock I saw the constellation of the man with the
sword in his belt. The Spaceship was bisecting
our Autobahn from left to right. I saw space
ship fade, only because the speed that thing was
traveling it would take the outer space to maneuver
it.

To describe the thing itself; The first to
appear—and it did just that, all of a sudden in
full brilliance, was this moon-like object of the
same or little whiteness as a theatre spotlight
simultaneously a long, long white or almost
transparent tail. Again I can only compare it to the tail
on the shooting stars. Then appeared, with an in-
creasing intensity of color, another round body
right in front of this white one. This one was a
brilliant cherry-red. This white one was actually
swinging to red one along in front of it. They both
stayed apparently round. I was struck by the fact
that the tail only showed a curvature very much
off the conjunction and then I noticed that the red
cell was a noticably bit smaller in circumferences
than the white one. In reverse sequence the lights
disappeared, the red one faded out first. The big-
ger white one just plain went out like a come on-
arbitrarily. In this detail I am a bit hazy in memory
but I believe the long tail faded out. It was this
light I saw through the windows of the one street up so
I can be positive. However, a burning smell and
odor, in fact it never occurred to me to roll down
the window to hear it as it must have been several
miles away and I instinctively assumed that anything
going that fast you wouldn't hear nayway.

Now that I have told you what I saw with my eyes
may I tell you what I felt; I was over-
awed at the potential for destruction in "it." Suppose
if that 2-some hadn't of our governments making
who's good duck! Tall big boss! in the shuffle.
The tentpondous speed or that thing! My that's bril-
liant red! Why didn't his red one flatten out a bit

---