The image presented does not contain any photograph. It is a text-only document. Below is the text extracted from the image as requested:

---

Lt. Col. Doyle Rees

UNCLASSIFIED
January 6, 1949

5. In addition to the men personally interviewed at Stations 340, 350, and 
360, a telephone conversation was held with in response to , who 
had also heard the sonorous noises at Station 350. According to , the 
first heard the noise (identified as the airplane motor of a Cub) at approxi-
mately 2010, at which time the noise to him seemed to be almost directly over-
head at Station 350. The plane (noise) seemed to orbit this position for 
approximately 2 minutes, and then the plane (noise) slowly receded toward the 
northeast and continued to orbit at very low elevation in this direction for 
approximately another 33 minutes.

6. On the basis of all the interviews held, the following summarizing 
statements can be made;

6.1. Each man interrogated was asked if any other time during 
his experience he had heard such noises as were heard on the night of 
December 30. Without exception, all answers to this question were in the 
negative.

6.2. Although six of the seven observers interposed, in one way 
or another, associated the actual sounds with airplane noises, under 
questioning each man admitted that in certain respects the noises heard 
were unlike any plane noises he had ever heard. It was quite apparent that 
the men were attempting to describe very unusual sounds in terms of those 
familiar noises with which, as former Air Force flyers, they were best 
acquainted.

6.3. Since Weather Bureau reports indicate that the under surface of 
the overcast blanketing the Los Alamos area was at an elevation of appro-
ximately 13,000 feet, the identification of the noises observed with motor 
noises of a Cub type plane is obviously impossible. This improbability 
had already occurred to all of the men interviewed, all though they had 
estimated the under surface of the overcast to lie at a height of not more 
than 10,000 - 12,000 feet.

6.4. The existence of the overcast at once suggests the possibility 
that the noises observed were really surface noises originating in the 
operation of heavy machinery and reflected from the overlying cloud layer 
in such fashion as to similitude sounds of aerial origin. It is this and other 
evidence that this possibility has been exhaustively investigated and is 
definitely ruled out. No heavy machines and none of the tanks stationed 
in the Los Alamos area were in operation during the interval when the 
noises were heard.

6.5. Another possibility which occurred to nearly everyone who heard 
the noises was that instead of originating in a low-flying Cub type plane,
the sounds had their origin in heavier motor-ed planes flying across the 
overcast, and presumably lost. This hypothesis is regarded as inacceptable 
for several reasons. In the first place, all 3937314 in that vicinity 
to patrol than very plane of its own, there was virtually certain "Padding 
the Los Alamos area. In the second place, no radio distress signals or

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10

--- 

(Note: The text includes some redactions and censor marks where certain words or names have been obscured, denoted here with brackets.)