The image shows a typed document with no photographs present.

Here is the text from the document:

```
Hicksville, N.Y.
Jan 14, 1949

Dr Lincoln LaPaz
Univ. New Mexico
Albuquerque, N. Mex.

Dear Sir,

During an Air Transport Command flight from Santa Maria, 
Azores, to Paris, in Jan., 1946, I witnessed the fall of a meteorite,
an account of which I have often thought might be of interest to
astronomers, and in particular, to you more particularly con-
cerned with the study of meteorites. Until I read a recent issue
of Science Illustrated I had not known to whom I might direct such a
report.

Sitting in the cockpit of an airplane for hours at night a 
pilot sees many meteors fall; but on this night I saw one fall which I 
may not forgotten because of the unusual nature of the fall.

Our position was approximately midway between Brest and Paris, 
more exactly, I would estimate between 65 and 70 nautical miles due south
of Cherbourg. As I recall now, the time was about 2300 G.M.T. on 
Jan. 13, 1946. I was alone in the cockpit of a C-54 type plane at 
7,000 ft. altitude, above broken clouds whose tops ranged between 4,000 
and 5,000 ft. The sky was crystal clear, we were flying in the direction
of Paris.

The meteor first appeared from the at an altitude of about 35ยบ above
the horizon. It fell (apparently) in the north at an angle of perhaps
20ยบ or 25ยบ from the vertical. It did not exhibit the intense brilliance
pursued until it met the horizon at a point locating its path some-
where on a line between Brest and Kiev (roughly). A split second after
disappearing at the horizon, the meteorite reappeared above the horizon,
slight. The tiny hyperbola of meters [sic] 19 latitude and fell again from 
the elapsed time hence of the perops [sic] was like a ricochet or rebound. 
The elapsed time of fall and reappearance was perhaps 2 or 3 seconds.

My log book also shows flight plans over this same area 12,
the, European s... may [unclear], fog, but it fell about 95% certain that no 
brilliant occurred on the night of January 16th, 1946. Otherwise the
account is accurate to the best of my knowledge and memory.

I would be interested to hear if you have knowledge of a meteorite
having fallen at the time and in a location which may fit the account 
here given. Also, please let me know if you need this message to 
be certified as per regulations. 

Yours truly,

[The signature is redacted]

(See attached comments by Dr Lincoln 
LaPaz, Director, Institute of Meteorites, Univ. of N.M.
```

The text is a correspondence mentioning a meteorite sighting. The signature at the bottom of the letter has been redacted. There are some words that are unclear due to the quality of the image and the typographical errors within the original document (e.g., "perops" and "meters" which likely are typographical errors for "perhaps" and "meteors," respectively).