The image does not contain any photographs; it is a document with text.

The text in the document reads as follows:

```plaintext
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
AIRWAYS AND AIR COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE, ATC
DETACHMENT 733-5 AF BASE UNIT (103D AACS SQ)
Godman Field, Fort Knox, KY

9 January 1948

STATEMENT OF LT PAUL I. ROPER

Following is an account of the sighting of unknown objects from the
Control Tower on 7 January 1948 at Godman Field;

On the above date at approximately 1400 CST. a report came in to the
Control Tower through M Sgt Cook of a report of an unidentified object
flying at a terrific speed in the vicinity of Maysville. This call was
cancelled minutes later by the Military Police at Fort Knox who had in-
structions from the Kentucky State Police.

Very soon thereafter several reports of the same nature came from
Flight service saying that an object was over Irvington and Owensboro,
Kentucky. At the same time on object was reported by T Sgt Blackwell,
Chief Control Tower operator on duty. I went in the office of the Command-
ing Officer checking on the call from the Fort Knox Military Police at this
time. When the call was cancelled I was returning to the Control Tower
to see the object sighted by them. I immediately went to the Control
Tower and saw a small white object to the southwest sky. This object at
appeared stationary. I was unable to tell if it was an object radiating
its own light or giving off reflected light. Through binoculars it par-
tially appeared as a parachute does with bright sun shining on the top
of the silk but there also seemed to be some red light around the lower
of it.

The Commanding Officer, Operations Officer, S-2 and Executive
Officer were called immediately. Several minutes after the object was
sighted a flight of four (4) P-51's came over the field from the south.
I instructed T Sgt Blackwell to call Flight Leader and ask if they had
seen any evidence of this object. The flight leader answered negative,
and I suggested to the Operations Officer that we take them if they had
enough gas to go look for this object. The Tower operator was in-
structed to call to the flight leader and he answered "yes" to this que-
stion. One (1) P-51 and permission from the flight leader to break for-
mation and continue where he landed several minutes later on their ori-
ginal flight plan. The Flight leader and two (2) other planes flew a
course of 210o and in about fi ve (5) minutes sighted the object. At
first the flight leader reported it high and about one-half his speed
but "12 o'clock". Shortly thereafter the flight leader reported it at
about his speed and later said he was closing in to take a good look.
This was the last message from NG639, the flight leader. NG639 shortly
thereafter reported SC 53 disappeared. From plots reports in the form
from CC639 was high and ahead of this wing man at about 15 miles with
15530 when he disappeared. TSCO said he was bearing of CST to other
wing man to return to Standiford Field due to lack of gas. This was
at 1555 CST 1530 CST. From messages transmitted by the formation,
its wing mated the flight leader was at least ten thousand feet and
the wing man was approximately 15 minutes to 20 minutes when the
flight leader NG639 disappeared. TC300 and other wing men returned to
Standiford Field.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

The document appears to be a typewritten military report detailing the sighting of an unidentified flying object from Godman Field, Fort Knox, Kentucky, dated January 9, 1948.