There are no photographs present in this document. The document appears to be a typed report. Here is the text transcribed from the document:

---

2. The undersigned talked to Mr. --------, but neither of
the other witnesses. Mr. --------is a man of excellent character and
education, a first grade engineer, and employee of Duke Power Co. for
some 30 years. He is known to the undersigned thru mutual close friend 
to whom he is related, i.e. impressed the undersigned as being conservative
and someone who is talked to with a very technical and responsible
position. Was employed by the government during war in some work of
a technical and classified nature.

Mr. -------- was careful in his statements outlined above. He
does not claim that he and other witnesses saw a "flying disc".
Humorously claims that they saw an object with they could not
identify with any natural phenomenon or known type of aircraft.
Was quite sure in his own mind that it did not resemble any
conventional aircraft, that it was "a round metallic appearing
object, moving very rapidly." He states that there is absolutely
no doubt in his mind or that of the other two witnesses that they
saw something very clearly of the above description, and that they
all watched it for some ten seconds until it disappeared behind
a small cloud.

3. If -------- states that he will be glad to give any
further information that may be desired, but believes the above
contains all the information which he can give as to the object
itself. Was exact location from which the witnesses sighted the
object can be obtained as the three were working on a power line
at the time and have a detailed diagram of their exact position.

4. Further information concerning Mr. -------- and the other
witness could not be obtained from the Personnel Dept of
Duke Power Co. The undersigned knows nothing about the references
of the third witness, Mr. --------.

5. The undersigned has no further information upon which
to evaluate report, but from talking to Mr. -------- feels that
he and other witnesses saw something which they could not identify,
are sincere, and the details of the object in their own minds are
as presented above. Mr. --------repeated that he was quite
positive that the object was not an airplane.

James T. Rogers, Jr.
Lt Col, Cml C (Res)
O-10162
C.O. 517th Composite Gp

Personal address:
2131 McClintock Rd.,
Charlotte, N. C.

COPY

---

Please note that the image shows censoring of names (redaction) in the form of black lines.