There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text from the document:

---

Ltr, FTD, to CG, AMC, Subj: Analysis of Proj. "Grudge" Reported Incidents

4. It is believed that certain of the items in the questionnaire -- Checklist-Identification Flying Objects -- produce insignificant and unreliable data from an observer. These are: 9, Distance of object from observer; 11. Altitude; 12. Speed; and 16. Size. For any unfamiliar object beyond the focal range of the human eyes (about 60 ft.), these four factors are mutually inter-dependent and therefore indeterminant unless at least one of them (and some observed angles) are known. Directly asking an observer about these indeterminants not only gets unreliable data but induces wild answers because the observer is led into making a statement about quantities for which he has no basis in fact. He will unconsciously assume knowledge of some one of these factors and so give incorrect information on all. The people (many of whom should know better) still absurdly give fantastic evaluations on significant figures on these questions, which really cannot be answered at all, is proof of the unreliability of their information.

5. It is suggested that these four items on the questionnaire be replaced by questions which will yield answers possible of being independent facts in terms of the observer's best estimates of angles and time. From such data given by observers of the same object at two different places, a reliable ocular triangulation could be made of the object's size, altitude, speed and path. These data should include:

a. An estimate of the angular size of the object. A quick but reasonable estimate can be made by comparing this angle subtended by the index finger held at arms length. The finger (at 25" wide) of an average man is a 2'6 20' to 30' (arc) length fully suff edged an angle of appoximately two degrees. In this way angular size from about 1/2 to about 50 can be estimated.

b. The range of the object's flight in terms of the angle subtended by the ooserved path. If the object moves in a reasonably straight course it is important to observe the position at the beginning and end of its course. After this flight has been completed a person can extend his arms toward the two points and also at 90 o or 120 o and by comparison estimate the angular extent of the flight. It is also important that information which will determine those directions relative to a compass point be given. If the angular course is associated with objects on the horizon, with roads, with the sun (if the time of day is also noted) or by the north star, this orientation can be rechecked at any later time.

c. The time required for the object to traverse this observed course. This is probably the most DIFFICULT estimate to make. Timing items as such is the most satisfactory, but an observer is seldom prepared to do so. Seconds can be counted with good accuracy by saying, 

---

(The last portion of the text is cut off in the image provided.)