There is no photograph present in the image you provided. It is a page of text from a document. I'll now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and provide you with the text found in the document:

```
DETAILS: UNCLASSIFIED
1. This investigation was requested by the Commanding General, Air
Material Command, through CGM, T. 2. CITZBACH, Chief, Technical Intelligence
Division, Intelligence Department, Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson Air
Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, per latter dated 3 September 1948, symbol HOMJAC-3-
4749, containing report of sighting unidentified aerial object over Van Nuys,
California, 22 July 1948, by MR. XXXXXXXX and MRS. XXXXXXXX, Canoga Park,
California, and requested attempt be made by this office to identify the object.

2. On 17 September 1948, MR. XXXXXXXX, Power Consultant, of
8531 Variel Avenue, Canoga Park, California, was interviewed regarding sights-
ing of identified aerial object on 22 July 1948. MR. XXXXXXX referred to the
letter of 13 August 1948 which he addressed to Air Material Command, Wright-
Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, stating description of object as the
"size of a man's three XXXXX". During the interview about 50 additional ques-
tions, based on interrogation by this agent, is included in a signed statement
which is attached to this report as Exhibit I. MR. XXXXXXX's impression of the
object in question is that the object was spherical in shape and reflected a
brilliant aluminumness, much so as a razor blade.

3. On 17 September 1948, MRS. XXXXXXXXXX, housewife, of
8531 Variel Park, California, was interviewed regarding sighting of aerial
object over Canoga Park, California, on 22 July 1948. MRS. XXXXXXX's statement
is as follows in the case of MR. XXXXXXXX. A signed statement is attached to
this report as Exhibit II. Her impression of the object in question was that
this appeared to be spherical in shape, metallic in substance, reflecting
the colors of yellow and orange and deeper hues such as purple.

WITNESS MR. and MRS. XXXXXXXXXX both stated the object in question
was sighted on 22 July 1948. However, during the course of the interrogation,
it was revealed by both MR. and MRS. XXXXXXX that it was a Wednesday evening
that the object was observed, and the date, therefore, would have correctly been
21 July 1948 that the object was observed instead of 22 July 1948.

4. On 21 September 1948, DR. XXXXXXXX, Solar Observatory,
Mount Wilson Observatory, Pasadena, California; home address, XXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX Avenue, Pasadena, California, was interviewed. DR. XXXXXXXX was
interrogated concerning his observation of unidentified aerial object when
he observed through a 3" and 6" telescope at Mount Wilson Observatory between
hours of 1900 and 2030 on 21 July 1948. DR. XXXXXXX described this object
in question as comprising of a thin translucent silvery encasing or
sphere at the top the whole assembly being over the shape of a pendulum
beneath the pear-shaped assembly, a square yellow disk was attached by cords.
A signed statement was obtained from DR. XXXXXXXX reflecting all pertinent data
and is attached to this report as Exhibit III. DR. XXXXXXXX stated that the
observation which was relayed to the Los Angeles newspapers in Los Angeles by the
object in question was released by an assistant at Mount Wilson Observatory.
The information released was erroneous and was given out upon judgment, it
was implemented out [sic] he overheard the assistant talking to the newspaper-
man in the telephone and heard the assistant state no system was seen by the

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS,
DOD DIR 5200.10
-UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that redacted personal information is represented by "XXXXXXX" and that any errors in transcription are the result of interpreting the content of the image which may contain blurriness, artifacts, or other issues inherent in the scanned document.