The image provided is a scanned black and white document, and it does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Flying Disc sa
Montgomery, Ala.
9 April 1948

MEMORANDUM FOR THE OFFICER IN CHARGE

On 9 April 1948, approximately 1500 hours, this agent interviewed Lt.
Colonel [Redacted] [Redacted], Tactic Division, Air Tactical School, Tyndall Air
Force Base, who stated in substance: He had left Tyndall approximately 1410
hours on 9 April 1948, flying a P-51 at the altitude of 20000 feet. He
had proceeded to Montgomery, Alabama, and just previous to sighting the town
had let down to the altitude of 10000 feet and directly over the town had
made a 180 degree left's turn. Just before completing his left's turn, he had
sighted an object at 10 o'clock off his left wing which appeared to be a
silver disc. Colonel [Redacted] had immediately made a sharp bank to the left in
order to follow the object which appeared to be heading North West. After
completing his turn, Colonel [Redacted] had been able to get a better look at the
object which he had first thoughts to be merely a disc and described as as
follows: Top part of the object's approximately eight feet in diameter, silver
in color, had the appearance of a parachute. Attached to the bottom of this
had been a dark cable or shroud which appeared to be approximately five feet
long, (suspended upon the cable had been a large standard box bell (Colonel
[Redacted] could not discern which) also silver in color. The main outer or ball
of the appearance of being slightly to the rear of the top part of the
disc. The overall appearance of the object, according to Colonel [Redacted],
looked something similar to the parachute and counter measure, photographic
ejecting equipment dropped from a T-7 associate. Colonel [Redacted] had kept the
object in sight for approximately forty-five seconds but had lost it at exactly
1510 hours. At this time he had how right of the object, [Redacted] had reported
two 'contrails' acting NO miles per hour at speed, and the object had moved
to ONE away from him on a horizontal plane rather than a vertical decline.
[Redacted] further stated that he got just at its missed speed they have changed course
during the time it was in sight but it was impossible for his to definitely
establish this fact as his aircraft had been in a sharp turn during part of
the time the object had been in sight. At this time also just had been
sighted the weather had been clear, no clouds, visibility and ceiling unlimited;
and as far as Colonel [Redacted] could determine the object had made no sound and
no exhaust trail had been seen. After having lost the object, Colonel [Redacted]
proceeded to return to Tyndall Air Force Base and upon landing, reported the
above mentioned incident to the Intelligence Officer, Tyndall A.F.B. Attached
hereto as Exhibit 1 is a sketch of the object's appropriate confirmation.

AGENTS NOTES:

U N C L A S S I F I E D

It is to be noted, Colonel [Redacted] told his story both to this agent and
to Lt. [Redacted], n.d., Tyndall, at separate interviews and in both instances his
story coincided.
DOWN-GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

John F. [Redacted], J/A 7000-4 (26 July 1947), Tyndall A7 Base, Florida

#1/3