There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED
Incident: 225

Colonel ████ first observed an unusual aerial phenomena during the 
latter part of 1947. This occurred in the vicinity of Vaughn, N. M.
The phenomena appeared approximately 1000-5000 ft above the ground
when first observed and was descending slowly and steadily in a vertical
manner toward the earth. It appeared slightly larger than a basketball,
bright white in color like a miniature sun. At a point approximately
200 feet above the surface of the earth, the object appeared to explode
although no noise was apparent. By this time the Colonel had stopped
his automobile and had gotten out to watch the object. The explosion
or disintegration appeared to be taking place some 50 to 60 yards
distant and still no noise was noticed. At this time the fragments
assumed a fiery red color and descended toward earth in the enormous
clouds of brightly ignited debris trailing the ground. After this the
Colonel was on Highway 60, near a railroad and separated from the
vicinity where the fragments were landing by a fence. He did not cross
the fence or investigate further.

On 5 or 6 Nov at approximately 2130 hours he observed a ball of
light, reddish with no tail, or trail in diameter, falling vertically
which burst 100-200 feet from the ground in a spray of reddish color.
This extinguished before reaching the ground in less than 10 seconds and occurred
roughly north of the road on which he was driving - 10 miles east of 
Waujamis, N. M. - Highway 60.

On 12 Nov 1946 at approximately 2100 hours, Col █████ was driving west
on Highway 60 approximately 10 miles west of Vaughn, N. M. He again
observed a ball of light descending vertically. It burst 100-200 feet
from the ground. Conditions and experience were the same as on 3 and 
11th Nov.

Col █████.
On the last 2 sightings/saw no aircraft and heard no sound which is
understandable since he was traveling in a closed automobile. Weather
conditions were clear.

EVALUATION S-2.

███████████ at 225; ███████.

UNCLASSIFIED
---