The image you've provided is of a document page containing text. There are two circular marks at the top of the document, which appear to be stamps or marks, but they are not photographs. Here is the extracted text:

COPY
UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO
Albuquerque

Institute of Meteoritics
December 30, 1948

To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees, Commanding Officer
District No. 17
Office of Special Investigations

From: Lincoln LaPaz, Director
Institute of Meteoritics

Subject: Anomalous luminous phenomenon (Third Report)

In the second report of this series, a description was given of the path path
through the atmosphere of the green fireball of 1948, December 12, 17^8 MST
(plus or minus 30"). On the basis of considerable observations made from one
station near Sandia Peak, New Mexico, and a determination made at Los Alamos,
New Mexico, this fireball was found to have crossed over a point with the
coordinates: latitude 35째 30' N., longitude 106째 30' W., and to have disappeared
at a point with latitude coordinates: latitude 35째 30' N., longitude 106째 30' W.,
traversing an almost horizontal path at an elevation of about 10 miles above
sea level, with a length of about 25 miles, at a velocity of approximately
10 miles per second. (The minimum range becomes consistent with the observations
alluded to above that made subsequently indirectly by [Name redacted] which
3 and 6 miles per second, depending on the disputed sub[ject].

On the basis of corresponding observations of the meteor-whitish to fireball
of 1948, December 20, 5h 52m MST one may make out Los Alamos observa[words obscured]
as has now been possible to the not only approximate total path. As will
be apparent from the original accounts of the Los Alamos mete[words obscured by AMS
Inspections] Skerry Inspector [Name redacted] of [date obscured] December 20 was
observed under less favorable conditions they, reason recall can by five
persons on the night of December 20. 

Because of the absence of more exact data, at times some of the certain-
details on the phenomena observed during the period by many [names redacted]
including on December 20 and 27 cannot be ascertained. At the Mayton (name
and the in Los..] and these timate estimating of range oval estimation......
350 high 1.20s MST of the of distance same my on 30 sec) 350 MST (25ft. x 
and [phrases redacted], it has been possible to arrive at reasonable distances from the
earth certain on the practical certain the including size of phenomena.

Despite this was more critical 

May 20 W98 0530 and, it is my official

In further 20 observations described as cases the red that deviated from the
from the December 12 observations.
UNCLASSIFIED [Serial number redacted]