There are no photographs present in the image you provided, only text. Here is the text from the document as an OCR output:

```

                                               TOP SECRET
                                                       
                                           ENCLOSURE #5

          B. O. Wells, Director of Security                                        December 30, 1948

TIME:          2053
DATE:          December 20, 1948
DIRECTION:     Approximately southwest to northeast
SPEED:         Slower than a meteorite (approximately 1500 m.p.h.)
COLOR:         White, with a pale greenish tail
ALTITUDE:      Questionable
POINT OF OBSERVATION: Route 4 - north of Bandelier cut-off
OBSERVER:

STATEMENT OF OBSERVER:

    At approximately 2053, December 20, 1948, while driving overl State
Route #4 toward the South Gate (Station 390), I observed what
appeared to me, at first glance, a meteorite travelling from left
to right, i.e., at right angles to the direction I was moving.  As
the object seemed almost the size of a tennis ball and was covered
a glaring white, similar to the color of white-hot steel in a
stifling furnace. The ball had a small, conical shaped tail that
appeared to be pale greenish in color, and this tail was not as
clearly defined as the ball itself, seeming to be of a gaseous
nature.

The object appeared to be travelling on a controlled, level course
and was visible approximately a second and a half, disappearing
from view behind the trees that bordered the road.  It is made a
sharp right turn on the road, the object was again visible for
approximately a second, and this time it was considerably farther
away. However, during this short second period I observed a small
light to the right of the object, which appeared to be travelling
in unison. This smaller light was similar in appearance to a
running light on an airplane, and it seemed to be reddish in color.
The object and accompanying light disappeared from view behind the
tops of more trees, and I was unable to catch another glimpse of it.

Inasmuch as this event occurred at night, and due to the terrain I
was travelling over, it is difficult to state the exact height at
which the object was travelling.  In addition, due to the strong
light intensity radiated from, as well as carrying no idea as to the size
of the object itself, it is equally difficult to judge the altitude
of the object.
     
DOWNRATED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS; NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS                                     UNCLASSIFIED
DOD DIR 5200.10
```