The image provided is a scanned document, and there are no photographs present within this image. Here is a transcription of the text visible in the document:

---

DESCRIPTION OF THE ACCIDENT.

                                                          (A Narrative Form is Required Here. Use Additional Sheets of This Standard Form if Necessary. Use Reverse Side of This Form if Brief Additional Comments are Wished. Provide a Complete and Logical Sequence. Typewritten Form is Much Desired. Insufficient Preparation That is Known About the Accident. Avoid Using Technical Terms That May Have to be Explained Away, and Avoid Guesses as to Why the Accident Happened.)
 
On 7 January 1948 at approximately 1450-1455, Captain Mantell was leading a flight of four (4) F-51 aircraft on a flight from Marietta, Georgia, enroute to Standiford Field at Louisville, Kentucky. Nearing Godman Field, Kentucky, the flight was contacted by the Godman Field Control Tower and requested to identify an object in the sky if the mission would permit. Captain Mantell replied that his mission was "ferrying" aircraft and that he would attempt to identify the object in the sky. Captain Mantell began a maximum climb in left spirals until about 14,000 feet and from there a straight climb at maximum, on a compass heading of approximately 210 degrees. No conversation between Captain Mantell and any member of his flight revealed a clue as to the activities of the object nor the flight as the climb began. The following two (2) discontinuances; climb to approximately 22,000 feet. When last observed by the wing-man left the climb, Captain Mantell was in a maximum climb at 22500 feet, the aircraft in perfect control. Captain Mantell has been heard to say in ship-to-ship conversation that he would go to 25000 feet for a better look and if the other aircraft could not or would not go that high, could not attempt to contact Captain Mantell by his flight were unanswered. His sentence was broken, only portion heard on the oxygen, mask microphone being used and scheduled on a ferry and navigational trip at low level.

Consensus is that Captain Mantell lost consciousness at approximately 25000 feet, the P-51 being trimmed for maximum climb continued to climb gradually leveling out as normal climb attitude ceased/decrease in power. The aircraft began to fly in nearly level attitude at about 30000 feet. It then began a gradual but fairly level, because of torque, a propeller dive which resulted in excessive speeds causing the destruction of aircraft which probably begins between 10000 and 20000 feet.

Since canopy lock was in place after crash, it is assumed that Captain Mantell made no attempt to abandon the aircraft, and was unconscious at moment of crash, or had died from lack of oxygen before aircraft began the spiraling dive from about 30000 feet.

Parts of the aircraft were found as far as six-tenths (estimated) of a mile from central wreckage. The parts were scattered land North to South, The aircraft came straight down in a horizontal position and turned once to the left side. The left wing came off while in the air and landed 100 feet from the central wreckage. The aircraft did not slide forward after contact with the ground. Throttle was set at one-fourth open, mixtures control in "Idle-Cut-Off" and prop control in"Full Increase RPM".

Recommendation: That all pilots be briefed again on use of oxygen and the effects of shock of same. That all pilots be issued properly fitted masks. Another order issued that no pilot go above 12000 feet without oxygen under any circumstances. No aircraft be cleared for Cross-Country unless it be serviced with oxygen.

The engine be sent to Wright Field for further study.

COURSES: Oxygen classes will start immediately, for all pilots and crew members. All aircrafts will be equipped with oxygen. Pilots carry masks, gloves and sleeves on all flights.

---

Please note that due to the quality of the scan, some words or numbers might be inaccurate or uncertain.