The image provided is a scanned document page with text, and there are no photographs present on the page.

Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

---

On last April, at 0955, 1st Lt Meyers was leading a flight of P-47 aircraft
of the 67th Fighter Sq, 18th Fighter Group. He was flying at a heading of 190°
altitude 1500 feet, position 124° 30' East and 12° 52' North, when he sighted
an unidentified object approximately two (2) miles east of his position
at an estimated altitude of 1,000 feet. The object, which was estimated
to be a flying wing type aircraft, its shape being a half-moon, appeared
to be an estimated speed of 300 to 400 miles per hour. Its size
appeared to be a dorsal fin was barely perceptible. The span of the object
was estimated to be 30 feet, length 20 feet. The object was silver in color.
Upon sighting the object, 1st Meyers immediately started a left turn with the
intention of intercepting and to more positively identify the phenomena.
While Meyers was making a 120 turn the object made a 90° left turn, then
leveled out on a heading of 270°, accelerated rapidly and disappeared from
sight in approximately 5 seconds. There was no sound heard, and no exhaust
trails were observed. At the time of the sighting visibility was unlimited,
scattered cumulus, base 3000 ft., tops 6000 ft.

NOTE: Because of the distance from which the sighting was made no distinguishing
features, i.e., power units,landing gear, armament or cockpit were
observed.

The interview with 1st Meyers indicated that he is a reliable and
credible individual who was impressed, quite positively on the experimenters.
He was the only witness to this incident as he could not contact
his wing men since his radio was out. Apparently the maneuvers
performed by his 3 wing-men prevented their observation of the object.

T-2-25-9
---

Please note that some words or characters may have been hard to decipher in the scanned document, leading to minor uncertainties in the transcription.