The document contains two photographs at the top-right corner. Each shows a circular or oval object with a certain luminosity that could be considered unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The photo quality is not clear, and there isn't much detail discernable about the objects shown.

Now, as an OCR system, I will transcribe the visible text from the document:

----
...c. The aircraft was making a terrific noise, over increasing as it descended according to the statement of the two witnesses. (Exhibits 6 and 7)

d. According to the statements of the witnesses, the aircraft exploded in mid-air between where it started the dive and the ground. (Exhibits 6 and 7)

e. None of the witnesses observed any fire coming from the aircraft ...ing the descent (Exhibits 6, 7 and 9)

f. The aircraft crashed at approximately 1500 EST, southwest of Franklin, Kentucky. (Exhibits 6 and 7)

g. The aircrew did not explode or burn on impact. (Exhibits 6 and 7)

h. Parts of the aircrew Angelozee emergence and G-suit from the aircrew were scattered over an area of 1/4 of a mile. (Exhibits 10, and 11)

ca. Captain Mantell, pilot, was found in the cockpit of the aircraft. (Exhibits 10 and 11)

da. The force of the crash strapped his pilot’s safety belt.

ea. The aircraft was not serviced with oxygen at Marietta as none was available at that station. (Exhibits 2)

fa. Standiford Field did not have oxygen available, however, a bill of lading had been received showing that oxygen was being sent to the 165th Fighter Squadron.

ga. Statements of other pilots in the flight confirm the fact that Captain Mantell did not have an oxygen mask. (Exhibits 4)

14. CONTRIBUTING CAUSE FACTORS:

a. The poor judgement displayed by Captain Mantell in what he elected to climb to altitudes without oxygen equipment.

b. The effects of anoxia rendering Captain Mantell unconscious causing loss of control of the aircraft.

15. COMMENTS:

a. It is the opinion of this headquarters that the effects of anoxia on Captain Mantell was the underlying cause of this accident. While no definite altitude can by ... as the minimum safe from tolerance to a lack of oxygen, it is well known that rapid lowering of the oxygen saturation of arterial blood, as occurred in this rapid accent of Captain Mantell's, will produce symptoms of anoxia within a very short time. AP publications ...

173000

7-
---- 

The document is heavily redacted and worn, making some text very difficult to read or missing.