The image does not contain any photographs. I will now produce the text as an OCR system would:

```
SANGAMO ELECTRIC COMPANY

SPRINGFIELD, ILLINOIS

June 2, 1949

National Advisory Committee
for Aeronautics
1500 New Hampshire Ave.,
Washington, D.C.

Attention; Mr. Victory Knezevich

Gentlemen;

The following information is given primarily for
the purpose of soliciting a possible answer to observations made
over the last year and which the writer prevails will not be immediately
pursued as representing flying saucers or other unidentified
aestivations of foreign origin. The question has frequently
been put by the public and others in connection with the similar
observations reported in the Press; that "they" have frequently
been observed by others and in all probability may be accounted for
by routine flights of jet planes.

The writer operates a small astronomical observatory
which contains a unit with 3-1/2 inch dual element lens for
photographic recording. Specifically, a year ago in April
1948 a disk observed high in the sky at about appeared in the
southwest and across the sky in a northeasternly direction at a
speed of something like 1 per second. This object appeared to be
about twice the size of Mars and was yellowish and in color and
elliptical, though rather fuzzy in appearance. The said object
appeared to be followed by a trail. It appeared photographic equipment
was not in readiness to record its true motion thru the sky.

It was not mastered time, motion nor
was too slow and I did not, have state of aerial unusual which
usually accompanies such an object. At that time it was assumed
that it might be one of planes testing flights. A panel of the
major planes and the thing was set aside only as a recorded story.

Matters recently, however, a friend sending an
enquiry of the above, other peoples reported that one of the 
plain news media that flew what was as a meteorite. Below
is a direct quote from a column. 

"................

................

................

"Experienced it said to watch with over thoughts come that the
meteor was an aviation saucer, but the asters of anything these
opinions, none of that what we call the associated in any way with
the what national defence program"
```