The page from the document does not contain any photographs. It is a typewritten page with text describing UFO sightings. I will now reproduce the text as an OCR system:

---

EXHIBIT 3

Statements taken from ____ and ____

My name is ____ and I live on a farm 4½ miles west of Stockton
and 1½ miles north of St R 26.

On Thursday 12 at about 5 P.M., I was standing near my hog-pen about 100'
east cf my house, when I heard the pheasants raising a disturbance and the
chickens all rushed to the chicken-house. I looked round toward the house
to see who was causing it and saw something hovering just above the house,
over toward the house, and then lowered over the north end of the house
and settled toward me toward the hog-pen. Then very near me, approximately 5'
then it lowered a little and with a wig and jerk, milled around for an
instant, flame belching out of it and away and back in the thing went about
7' in a jagged something like a funnel. There was a pipe sticking out at the
back of it, and gas as it wobbled around; the shape was sticking out as fire
it suddenly threw some logs or pipes or some round thing, and this thing
descended as if a tube might have lighted and it took off in a northwesterly
direction very fast, climbing slightly as it went. My wife heard it when and
ran out where I stood, and we watched it; leaving a trail of smoke all the
time, smoke where it was a great cloud of smoke in the sky, not more than
1½” in diameter by 3½”. It was not in motion for more than 10 or 15 seconds
we figured it, then stopped for almost ten seconds or more, we heard an
explosion a bang, just as if it could blow all the air in out. I went in this
been washing my car prior to the occurrence, stating that word, there would
have been maybe spit in the yard where the thing started up because there was
a great rush of fire past it when it left. It must have been quite high when
it exploded.

---

There was a day, Son of ____ at about 5:00 Kingston on RS 36, at the time,
was driving north side U. Highway. At, his aunt's 5 or 5:30 ____, at its arc of time
station on his house in the range, there is a braid something queer in the sky.
Looking up to the south-west, he saw what appeared to be an Arabian package
lead the thing had been driven he saw in traverse, it landed and then rose
dashed off the house. He then mentioned, veered its course, almost on
a level not losing altitude a little, and it then exploded with a big clond
of smoke, apparently over Morton, from whence he was, south of Prairie View,
he rode on toward home a ways, when suddenly the second and part of the explosion
reached him. Nay, he was home in the house, when he heard and felt something
felt and felt ... ast it may have stuck the house. The rain part of the house and ten
times a narrow escaped cloud of smoke, about ten minutes later, a part of the
plane being drowned distinctly over their homes, and went in east over
the plains.

---

[keys and illegible scribbles at the bottom of the page]

---