The image provided does not contain a photograph; it is a page of a typed document. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output the text found in the document:

```
Incident: 227 

luminous arcs of great circles diverging from the radiant point and passing
downward to intersect the horizon under angles always large and for the
most part approaching 90° in value. In several cases the radiant point of the
bright green fireball seen from near Starvation Peak was very nearly, if
not exactly, parallel to the horizon. This green fireball certainly did not 
emanate from the Geminid radiant. 

Subject to discovery that a new (non-Geminid) meteoric radiant emitting 
numerous very bright fireballs of a vivid green color (deeper and richer
than the green or the beacon at the Municipal Airport south of Santa 
Fe, New Mexico) has suddenly become active during the first half of December, 
I am now convinced the various "green Fire" incidents reported to the O.S. 
are not meteoric in nature. See Incidents: 225, 226, 223, 224, 230

Significant Differences Between the Fireballs Observed in the Interval 
December 11 and Typical Meteors: 

a. The horizontal nature of the paths of most of the December fireballs
is most unusual. Genuine meteors are rarely observed to move in horizontal 
paths.

b. The very low height of the December fireball discussed in Section 
2 above sets it off in sharp contrast from the genuine meteors for which 
heights of the order of 40 or more miles are normally observed. 

c. The velocity determined for the fireball of December 12 is much 
less than the velocities determined from typical meteors (and yet is con-
siderably greater than the speeds of the V-2 Rockets or jet planes or 
conventional flares).

d. In the case of meteorites that penetrate to as low levels as that
determined for the fireball of December 12, the observed luminous phenomena
are always accompanied by very violent noises. No noises whatever have been 
observed in connection with the various December fireballs so far investigated. 

e. Genuine meteors normally show remarkable variation in brightness
beginning as fine thin hair lines, which are scarcely visible to the observers 
and then brightening up to flash out near the end of their paths. In the 
case of the December fireballs, most of the observers have reported that 
sine green balls appeared almost instantly at their full brightness.

f. In the case of genuine meteors the paths are directed toward all 
points of the compass with equal frequency. On the contrary in the case 
of the green fireballs, plots of admissible approach sections show that there 
is a very pronounced tendency for the paths to come in from the north half 
of the sky.

g. The large groups of anomalous green luminous phenomena show 
a curious association with well known meteor showers, although none 
```

The text on the second page of the document is cut off at the bottom, thus the content of the last sentence is incomplete.