The image provided does not contain any photographs; it is a page from the Project Blue Book report, which consists of typed text.

Here is the text as requested:

```
ARMY AIR FORCES TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICE
ARMS AND AII COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE, ATC
DISTRICT 733-5 AF BASE UNIT (1009 AC&S SQ)
Godman Field, Fort Knox, Ky.

5 JANUARY 1948 

STATEMENT OF T SGT QUINTON A BLACKWELL

1. I T Sgt Quinton a Blackwell, AF18162475, was on duty as chief operator in the Control Tower at Godman Field, Ky. on the afternoon of 7 January 1948. Up until 1315 or 1320 minutes were routine. At approximately that time I received a telephone call from Sgt Cook, Col Hix's office, stating that according to Ft Knox Military Police and town state police, a large circular object from 250 to 300 ft in diameter over Maysville, Ky. and requested I check with Army Flight Service to see if any unusual type aircraft was in that vicinity. Flight Service advised negative on the air craft and took their chht info, requesting our TO verify this story. Shortly afterward Col Hix's service gave indication to Tower positions on an object over Irvington, Ky., then Owensboro, Ky. or about the same size and des cription. About 1345 or 1350 I sighted an object in the sky to the south of Godman Field. As I wanted verification, I called and Detachment Com mander, 1st Lt Clemmons, to the Tower. After, he had sighted, we both notify ing the Pro Operations Officer, Capt Carter, over the teletalk box from the Third Me desk. He came up to stairs immediately and looked at the object through field glasses on the tower. I then called for the C.O., Col Hix. Capt Carter to the tower about 20 (April) and patched the teletalk box to his house. The C.O. came in at 2 Force base a short distance from Godman Field, en route from Marietta, Ca. to Standiford Field, Ky. As they passed over the tower I called them on T## channel, WF and asked the flight leader, in 369, if he had enough gas and if so, would he mind trying to identify an object in the sky to the south of Godman Field. He replied yes in the afirmative and made a right turn around with two plans and proceeded South from Godman Field. The fourth planes proceeded on to Standiford Field alone. The three planes proceeded South on a heading of 210°, climbing steadily about 1445 the flight leader, No 369, reported seeing the object "ahead and above, I'm still climbing". 

"the thing looks like it has a tremendous size". I asked the flight leader "What the hell are we looking for" The leader reply was at 15,000 ft [the] object is directly ahead of and above us now, covering about half my speed." "then asked for a descrip [sic] tion replied "It is appers [sic] metallic object of tremendous size". Lastly report ed, the Flight leader reported, "I'm still climbing, the object is above and ahead of m moving about my speed or faster. I'm trying to close in for a better look. This last contact was about 1515. About 5 and a half the C.O took the phone in the flight observaton [sic] they passed over Godman another 20 mins past. What would look at them fight an airplane canopy. Shortly afterward, the same pilot and plane took off from Standiford and resumed the search. He went to 33,000 one hured mila south and did not sight anything. I left the Control Tower shortly afterward.

The forgoing statment is true
and correct t0 the best of my /s/ Quinton A. Blackwell
knowledge and belief.          TSGT, AF18162475
I2 JAN 48                        AF734-47U 

CERTIFIED A TRUE COPY
JAS P. DAVIS JR., CAPT., USAF
```

Please note that there are some typographical errors and parts of the text are hard to read, which resulted in a few uncertainties in the transcription.