The image provided is a scanned page from a document, but it does not contain any photographs. 

The text output from the document is as follows:

---

Memphisville, N. Y.
Jan 4, 1949

Dr. Lincoln LaPaz
Univ. New Mexico
Albuquerque, N. Mex.

Dear Sir,

During an Air Transport Command flight from Santa Maria, Azores, to Paris, in Jan., 1946, I witnessed the fall of a meteorite, an account of which I have often thought might be of interest to astronomers, and in particular, those of you more particularly concerned with the study of meteorites. Until I read a recent issue of Science Illustrated I had not known to whom I might direct such a report.

Sitting in the cockpit of an airplane for hours at night a pilot sees many meteors fall; but on this night I saw one fall which I have not forgotten because of the unusual nature of the fall.

Our position was approximately midway between Rome and Paris; more exactly, I would estimate between 65 and 70 nautical miles due south of Cherbourg. As I recall now, the time was about 23:00 G. M. T., on Jan. 18, 1946. I was alone in the cockpit of a C-54 type plane at 7,000 ft. altitude, above broken clouds whose tops might have been at and 5,500 ft. The sky was crystal clear. We were flying in the direction of Paris.

The meteor first appeared to me at an altitude of about 35 above the horizon. It fell (apparently) from the north at an angle of 70 or 25 from the vertical, lit did not explode, its single brilliance persisted until it met the horizon at a poing bearing 55 to 90 from our position. This would put its point of contact with the earth's [indecipherable words] line between Brest and Kiel (roughly). A split second after disappearing at the horizon, the meteor reappeared above the horizon, describing a tiny hyperbola of perhaps 1° altitude and fell again from sight. The reappearance of the meteorite was like a ricochet or rebound. The elapsed time of the fall and reappearance was perhaps 2 or 3 seconds.

My log book also shows night flights over this route on Feb 12, 1946, March 22, 1946; and May 19, 1946; but I feel about 95% certain that the incident occurred on the night of January 18th., 1946; otherwise the account is accurate to the best of my knowledge and memory.

I would be interested to hear if you have knowledge of a meteorite having fallen at the time and in a location which may fit the account I have given, also, please let me know if I may be of further service to the Institute of Meteoritics.

Yours truly,

[Handwritten signature]
(Name censored pursuant by ChatGPT policy)
Director, Institute of Meteoritics, Univ. of N. M.

--- 

Please note that the text may contain inaccuracies or omissions due to the quality of the scanned document; any illegible sections were indicated as [indecipherable words].