The image provided is a scanned page from an old document with text, and there are no photographs visible in the image. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and transcribe the text from the document:

PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE.

---

Old Guessing Game: Whence Cometh the Aviating Poltery?

Flying Saucer Season Here Again
Four Uniontown People Report Seeing Soaring Dinner-Plates,
Forerunning Editors to Brace Themselves for a Flock of Inquiries

By Pat O’Neill
Post-Gazette Staff Writer

The flying saucer is upon us again, unless the air is filled with anything the wind and whirling wash can dream up – like the pale of flying antipers to take the about-nigh that filled the skies for the last year.

But this time the flying saucer reports have already made one express line. The people of Uniontown, Pa., spent considerable time on June 30 explaining the common electric saucer executed by Mrs. Margaret Holler, Charles Schnell, Mrs. Catherine MacDonald and her daughter, Catherine. All reported a display of flying dinner-plates in the Pittsburgh road sector.

Traced to Mars of Moscow

It is that time of year when editors brace themselves to take any reports from citizens who

phenomena strictly out of the Apocalypse.

Last year the flying saucers whirled their feverish gyrations to Moscow where radio stations popular with the Texan impromptus of Moscow. Now the influence of the celestial strayed only to the common Men in high command.

Here an equipment – often just common streets, airplanes and peanuts—unearth the things to the task is earth to earth, concrete, steel, electrical equipment, pip-plates and merbauts rew a field of research now mativated from Mars was gleaned from one sisters.

Books Go Sauces the Better

Photographic evidence was produced to show the trundled out alive to photographers at. Camera have belched to be a cele-

Sheepy Displeased
By Central Park

NEW YORK, July 2 (UP) – Central Park's sheep meadow had sheep in it Friday for the first time in almost 15 years. But they didn't stay long. Movie makers wanted a pastoral scene. They waited for the park's sleep fascination with the background. Annually with the lovers of Mendabi they tinted sheep. So they turned a dozen loose in the meadows.

Within ten minutes it was as empty as a wolf's again. One sheep was in the Tavern-and-the-Green. One gigged out into Columbus Circle. Some hid in the park's zoo. It was three o'clock, and one bird before hours before all the sheep were back in the meadow.

(continued in the early '30s.

Take the goldfish raisers, for instance. The persistent attempts at

all with the genius carp had all its golden delusions. It had an

value as a dubious nutritional prize-value.

---

Please note that the OCR transcription might not be perfect due to the quality of the scan and the inherent challenges of accurately transcribing older documents. The text above reflects what is visible and legible in the provided image.