There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Below is the text from the document as an OCR reproduction:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Charlotte, N. C.
May, 7, 1948

Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
Attn: MCI A

Gentlemen,

Reference is made to your letter of 21 April to me from
Col. W. R. Clingerman (signed by Lt. Col. J. J. Hausman)
In reply to my report of 15 April, subject: "Sighting of
Unconventional Aircraft."

The weather bureau at Morris Field (about five miles from
the Imperial Cotton Mills, Belmont, N. C. - where object was
sighted) reports that the weather on 8 March 1948 at 1100 hrs.
as unlimited ceiling, clouds about 1' high (above 10,000 ft.)
thin Stratus, estimated at 30,000 ft all over Morris Field
says that these conditions were general 130 hrs. more s, 'end
undoubtedly the same over the sighting spot as they were at the
weather station at Morris Field.

Have interviewed the witness, Mr. ——— again and he
says that since he is not a trained aerial observer and does
not know either the actual size of the object or the distance
could be unable to estimate horizontal or range, I
determine whether the object appeared to be large at a great
distance, or smaller at a lesser distance. There are no other
known observers other than Mr. ——— and his party.

Mr. ——— has added nothing further to the original report,
except that he seems to be of the impression that the object
was a disc rather than a sphere, but I don't see how he could
determine this under the conditions, and since he was uncertain
in his original report, believe it should probably be discounted.
He was quite insistent that he heard no sound, and that it wasn't
in his opinion a conventional type airplane.

It is regretted that no more information is available.

Yours very truly,
James V. Rogers, Jr.
Lt. Col. Vmi U C (Res)
2131 McIntock Rd.,
Charlotte, N. C.

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
BUD DIR 5200.10
```