The image contains a photograph at the top of the document page. It depicts what appears to be an elongated object with a tapered end or tail section. The photo is black and white and features the object oriented horizontally across the page. The clarity and context of the photo are not discernible due to the image's quality and the lack of surrounding details.

The following is the transcribed text from the document:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED

incident #35, 13-5 — page 2

it seems to t.iS investigator, be weighed in terms of the overwhelming
evidence of the earlier of disappearance over the horizon.

The stellar magnitude of Venus on January 7 was -3.4, which
makes it 25 times brighter than the bright star Arcturus. Venus, when
as bright as this and shining through interstices in a host of clouds,
could very easily give the effect of a flaming object with a tail.
Concerning, the erratic motion reported by some witnesses, this could by
said motion of clouds just the object could give the illusion of
rapid movement, as when clouds scud by the moon; of the effect could
have been a psychological illusion; a third possibility, remote but
based on a rarely-observed phenomenon, is that, owing to thermo-inversion
in the atmosphere, stars near the horizon have been known to
jump about erratically through areas of two-plus atmospheric.
apparent diameter. Venus, when very close to the horizon, has been
known to twinkle brilliantly with rapidly changing colors.

It appears to the present investigator, in sizing up the
evidence presented, that we ere forced to the conclusion that the object
just observed in the early evening hours of January 7, 1943, at these
widely separated localities, WAs the planet Venus. To assume that a
terrestrial object could be located so high as to be visible simultaneously
over a wide area, outside of such, intrinsic brightness (of
incredible brightness, far surpassing any known man-made light), and
would so
ploddingly at the very position of Venus in the sky over a
```

Please note that there are some transcription complexities due to artifacts in the scanned image that have adversely affected the clarity of some words.