The image provided is a scanned page from a document, but it does not contain any photographs. 

Here is the text as an OCR output would produce:

Incident: 227
such as meteor showers normally produce extremely bright green fireballs
of this type so recently observed. For example, the observation mentioned by
Mr Manley (Incident 231) occurred near the maximum of the Quadrantid shower
of early January. Similarly, the observation of August was near the time
of the Perseid shower (Incident 230) and the December observations (223, 223a
224, 226, 227, all fell in the interval covered by the Gemini shower.
This relationship might indicate an attempt to render the green fireballs less
conspicuous by causing them to appear only when there is considerable meteoric
activity.

h. As noted in an earlier communication the remarkably vivid green
color reported for most of the December fireballs is rarely observed in the
case of genuine meteors. By laboratory test, this peculiar color seems to be
identical with that given off by copper salts in the bivouac flame. If this
identification is correct, the wavelength of the radiation from the green
fireballs is near λ = 5218 A.

i. The duration estimates of between 2 and 3 seconds reported for the
green fireballs are considerably longer than those (0.1 to 0.5 seconds) for
the ordinary visual meteors, but shorter than the duration estimates invari-
ably reported in the case of a genuine meteorite fall (5 to 30 seconds or
longer).

j. None of the green fireballs seem to have a train of sparks or a
dust cloud following. This contrasts sharply with the behavior noted in
case of meteorite fireballs - particularly those that penetrate to the very
low levels where the green fireball of December 12 was observed.

NOTE: Inquiry at Holloman AF Base, Almazgordo, N.M., revealed that
research work at night and on Sundays does not involve the use of
any lighting device or flares such as described in the various
reports submitted.

[Text that is struck through]
(SEE INCIDENT[     ]PARA[     ])
[Text that is struck through]

3