The image contains a typewritten document from Project Blue Book with no photographs present. The text on the document reads as follows:

"CONFIDENTIAL

At approx 1207 7 Jan 48, Deueler accompanied by Lt Col O. E., Wood went to
Godman Control Tower to observe an unidentified aircraft shortly
after their arrival Col Hix, the Commanding Officer was summoned. At about 
the time Deueler first sighted a bright silvery object, Then Col Hix arrived. 
Short[y thereafter a flight of four P-51's flew over Godman. Leader was
contacted to pursue object. He assented and three P-51's climbed on the course, 
the fourth P-51 returning to base. Flight leader called to observe that 
"object was twelve o'clock high." Asked to describe it, he stated "it is 
bright and climbing away from me." He stated at first that it was going about 
180 MPH, (mean continental tower lost sight of the flights but could still see the 
object. (The observers with the l, Lt Col ?, Garmon Wood who witnessed the
sighting stated that while it appeared about 1/10 the size of a full moon, if 
the ship was a great distance away, as compared to the diminishing size of 
the P-51's flying toward it, it would seem that it was at least several 
hundred feet in diameter.) Shortly after NG 866, the flight leader, stated that 
he was "at 15,000 ft and still climbing." He stated that he judged the speed 
to be the same as his or approx 360 MPH. One of his planes then asked him 
to level off but no reply was heard from the flight leader. That was the 
last message received from any member of the flights.

After dark, another or the same object appeared in approx 230° from Godman at 
63 elevations. This body moved to the west (259°) and then down. The shape 
was fluid but generally round with no tail, the color changing from white, to 
blue, to red to yellow and had a black spot in the center at all times.

At 1600 CST it was obscured by clouds.

NOTE: Later, an astronomer was contacted who attempted to account for 
this phenomena as either Venus or a comet. (?)

SEE ALSO: Report of civilians and state police and corroborated version 
on this incident.

7/"