The image contains a scanned document and does not feature any photographs within it.

Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Project "SIGN"
26 Jul 48

First Lt. Col.
Asst. Weather Liaison Officer

1. Pursuant to authority contained in paragraph four (4) Technical Instructions
2135, Headquarters No. 3, this Command, dated 11 February 1948, this Office has been au-
thorized the assistance of all divisions and activities under the Jurisdiction of the Air
Material Command to permit the successful conduct of this project, and is also authorized
direct communication with all Army installations by Department of the Army letter dated
25 March 1948, subject, "Unconventional Aircraft".

2. Your cooperation in conjunction with that of the other services is there-
fore requested for the purpose of interpreting and analysing the evidence appended here-
to, in order to provide certain conclusions which may prove or disprove a domestic origin
for the anomaly herein described.

3. From the evidence submitted, does the configuration correspond to known domestic
aeronautical devices now in use?

4. Attention is invited to drawing, page 5, Exhibit "C", to attached reproduction
from "Popular Science Monthly", Exhibit "G", which shows a new type of meteorological
balloon, and to news items, Exhibits "H" and "I". See Item 13, page 9, of statements
submitted by Robert S. Richardson of the Mt. Wilson Observatory (Exhibit "C"). Your
comments and any action indicated will be appreciated.

5. Do the attached weather charts (Exhibit "K") fix a possible or probable point
of release if object is identified as a domestic release?

6. A map chart of the probable course taken as influenced by the wind aloft data
would be of use particularly in relation to possible points of meteorological balloon
releases outside the greater Los Angeles Area within the critical periods of time. See
paragraph two (2) page 2 of MSGNRZLXHSA Tadh, "A" of this letter. Special Agent In
Charge, wherein he states that AFR Mr. Shervy check all files pertaining to balloon
releases in the greater Los Angeles area.

7. It is requested that a report be submitted directly to MIAC–3, ATTN: Captain
meider.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS,
DOD DIR 5200.10

Exhibit "A"  18 Jul 48  1452
Lt. Col., USAF
Commandant, USAFSAM
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 65400
Colonel /s/ L. R.
Liaison Officer 5200

UNCLASSIFIED
```