There are no photographs present in this image of the document.

Here is the text output from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Tech. Intelligence Div. Intell. Sec. Air Materiel Cmd Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio 102-122-79 PAGE 3 5

(3) Incident #2 (Continued)

Although the dates seem to indicate that the sighting could not be the same as that described in Incident 1, yet this major portion of this testimony refers to a "blue white light". One witness in the first instance describes a "blue glow" running the entire length of the fuselage. When viewed from the ground, it is logical to assume that the blue glow would be mostly visible.

NOTE: In this connection, Dr. Josef Allen Hynek, astro-physicist, OSUIR, who is presently serving as a consultant on this project, has advised that it is possible for a celestial body to appear to travel in a straight line and then downwards. (It is extremely improbable, although, aerodynamically possible, for some objects to achieve an effect of leaving the atmosphere. Ices generated during their flight through the atmosphere.) It is
this further opinion that it is impossible for any celestial body to maneuver violently and make sharp turns. It is extremely unlikely for heavenly bodies to appear to move slowly when passing through the lower layers of this atmosphere, but, from greater distances, it is possible to observe far-distant bodies for extended periods of time. Objective seems to contact light mass. The number of appearances of a meteorites like a light suddenly blinking off.

(4) Incident #4

Object sight was observed by women's, anal V23, Dorman Mas V23. Mrs. —— an( —— on —— between the hours of 2015 an( 2059, on July 19—, at ——, Georgia and was ——, Georgia. Description of 
object seems to indicate that it was a meteor. Five on the observers said that the object was "football shaped"; that it appeared to be a green light with a silver tail on it observed 7/19/50 flight. The last observer stated that the speed was "10,000 to 20,000 mph"; and that it "appeared to be 1/4 the size of a full moon".
said that it was multi-colored, brilliant light trailing burning fragments". The termirile speed together with the description of a green-colored light trailing burning fragments seems to establish it object as a meteor.

COMMENTS:
1. The any incident which possesses absolute intelligence significance is Incident II. If the obvious that it is, what was not a meteor. There has been no mention of aeron if this object is not verifiable up to a point by map logs
aological or some part of the witnesses.

2. Must seem excitant establish means of visibility ... fatal in the absence reports.

3. Available information from Ordnance, Army, Navy and AF Weather Bureau, Re- late to none of the setings mentioned ... sightings dangers to aircraft.

UNCLASSIFIED AFTER A YEAR
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.9

UNCLASSIFIED