This image does not contain a photograph. It is a photocopy of a typewritten text document. Below is the text output from the document:

FLYING SAUCERS REPORTED OVER
ASUNCION

1. In recent days there have been various rumors concerning the appearance of flying saucers in and around Paraguay. A local newspaper, "La Tribuna," which enjoys the reputation of being serious, has interviewed several people who claim to have seen these saucers. A synopsis of their statements follow.

a. Mrs. Agustina VAJAGOS de Paiva, resident in the southern part of the city, on 20 February 1948 at 0700 hours, saw an object of oval from traveling through space from west to east. Its form ended in a very thin tail of approximately three feet in length. The forward part was bulky compared with the rear. The interior portion of the object gave off green, yellow, and orange colors, similar to a highly colored sun. (The official mentioned that these observations coincided with reports from Buenos Aires.)

b. An employee of the Bank of Paraguay, whose name was withheld in the report, declared that in Asguay, Zeballer on east of Asuncion, on approximately the same date at 0700 hours, an object which he judged to be a meteor, crossed the sky from west to east. "Any other people also saw this object, its form was oval and had various colors, and all agreed that it was a meteor. Later inhabitants of Clorinda Cedro claimed to have seen a "fireball" fall in one of the hills some distance to the east of Asguay.

c. A radio reporter who lives in the Chaco reported that on 20 February at approximately 0700 hours, he was at a ranch house in the neighborhood of Villa Hayes (ten miles north-northwest of Asuncion), with a his laborers, when they saw a disc cross the sky giving off an intense green color. He reports that the object travelled from west to east at a speed less than that of an air plane, and at an altitude of approximately one thousand feet. Along its edges it gave off an aurora with the color green predominant.

d. Various individuals visiting Asuncion from the interior claim that many country people saw this rare object, believing it to be a celestial phenomenon,

2. "La Tribuna" concludes that one or more flying saucers may have flown across Paraguay, but does not assert that as a proven fact. See the enclosed clipping.

COMMENT:

It is interesting to note the coincidence of the date and time given by the various individuals who claim to have seen this phenomenon. The undersigned suggests that a small meteor may have been seen, but is not technically qualified to say that this is so. This report is interesting when compared with pg. 2-1,049, in case of the flying saucer reported in the latter report, no other witness have come forth to describe the occurrence.

ACTION BY ORIGINATOR: CG CC

incls.
1. Newspaper clipping