The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page of text from a document. Below is the transcription of the text found in the document:

---
smoke trail and object burst open into two separate pieces and into
the ocean. (See [REDACTED] [REDACTED] account)

Feb 19,, 1949., 1225 A. M. : Witness stated that she saw saucer. Tried to
take picture but says object was moving too fast.

Feb 21, 1949 (Sat night) : Reported seeing another "saucer"

Mar 11, 1949 10:50 P. M. : Saw mystery light drop and fall in the water
(Thursday night)

Apr 2, 2:40 P. M. : Object resembles a small pilot-less plane - very
bright metal - no motor noise and looks like the
picture of the German pilot-less plane. The
object was ball shaped end very bright silver. It
followed the coast line until out of sight. It
come from the south end was heading north.

Apr 26: 5:10 P. M. : (same [REDACTED] date) Object appeared to fall in
water. The metal wings were small and evidently
broke as it fell since it appeared like sheets of
metal dropping at the side. Witness stated she
saw this clearly.

"New guided missile of bright metal seen since 2 Apr."

Apr 2 and 3:

July 1st, 1948 "There is activity in Wildwood again - the saucers
have been appearing since 1 July," Mrs. [REDACTED],
inclosed picture shown in [REDACTED] of the planet
"Mars" which shows an orange-red outer circle.

In letter to President Truman
she writes: "There have been more 'flying saucers'
which appear on very clear nights - when there is a
moon. They appear to come from the SW end from the
ocean. Over the Island they appear varierty - like
the one that broke. Then over the land they ascend
quite high and move towards the NW, dispersing 
at not too fast a speed."

NOTE: Individual [REDACTED] appears to be "crackpot" No one (with the exception of
Mrs. [REDACTED]) appears to have seen the many sightings mentioned. This
in spite of an alerted coast guard, police dept. and others.

UNCLASSIFIED

[The remainder of the text is obscured or redacted.]

---