The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a document, and I will provide an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text on the document:

---

-2-

our observations more accurate from a descriptive point and to make a
written report of our observations.

   These are my recommendations. It is my understanding and
has been my observation that this light is of concern to the
Security Service. Attempts have been made to observe it more closely.
As a meas of observing this more closely, of finding out what it is,
and what happens to it, I would suggest that attempts be made to
observe it from the air and from the land. To observe it from the
would suggest these means. These suggestions are made with the
impressions that this thing has been observed before about the same times
and probably can be observed again. First the Air Forces of this
Department of Defense have excellent Photographic Planes. These are
fast and make good photographs. These could operate safely at night.
This thing if of any importance to the defense of our country would
necessitate no small means or daction but should entail all our
resources for its proper observation and understanding. Also
the Air Forces have small observing planes that might be used. The
Civil Air Patrol might be used. Certainly some attempts should be used
to observe and find out about this thing from the air. It appears in
the air. It disappears in the air. It might damage some of our Atomic
Installations eventually if it is not a natural thing and ran controlled.
Also attempts should be made by our own personnel to observe this thing.
Patrol 1/50 of the Booninance Service might be put on this Point Eagle
about the expected time of appearance each night. It might even be
important enough to place other patrols at points of observations
until this thing is understood and known about. Also in future attempts
to observe this thing radio silence should be observed under all conditions
by participating personnel until the thing is sighted. However, it
might be better if nothing is said over the radio in the future about it.
Radio conversation, if this thing is man controlled, may give a clue
to those controlling it that attempts are being made to observe it,
and may make difficult a discovery or an understanding of its nature.
The use of radar may also aid in its discovery.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

---