The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document. Below is the OCR output of all the text found in the document:

---

with total evidence thus eliminated, there remain thirty-four which contain some evidence tending to disprove ready explanation. This section is true only under the assumption that the evidence is accepted as reliable and accurate, without psychological and physical factors not known to, considered by, or of significance to ATIC. Evidence taken strictly as published in T/I and: C/S, or from files of ATC Material Command Intelligence, February 1949 (see ende T/I).

All "Hoax" (101) and "Psychological" (see below) (102 Time date censored)

There is very significant psychological explanations for most of the discredited flying objects to provide plausible disentangles from reports not otherwise explainable. They serve to identify the trivial frauds which any free press allows to attain types and phase. 

Also all (see remaining 34 incidents are treated in detail in separate "report. 34 is incidents form no pattern in regard to area of the type of officer or manner of person. There army indications hey, these few sightings were influenced by earlier reports...probably not as been accumulated until or projected on any problem.

PROJECT "SIGN"

Summary of ATC Evaluation of Kenneth Arnold reports

VII.

The remaining unexplained incidents (see Appendix "B") are of a certain unproveable. Two of them, by statements of the reporter only a few minutes interval with no other note of it; one a solitary incident in LA. (See- most distributed without problem throughout the United States. Few were observed in the S, to give descriptions of appearance or performance was exactly alike. The reported sightings occurred at various times of day and years.

In the following section of this reports, each remaining unexplained incident is considered one at a time. This lends itself to general character of observers, but each case has two individual a pattern as yet to be determined. As numerical designation is merely the sequence use of the incident in the project files. 

x, 42, 27, 29, 35, 37, 42, 51, 59, 62, 64, 65, 73, 75, 77, 79, 84, 
112, 134, 135, 151, 152, 154, 162, 168, 176, 183, 186, 193, 207,(Continued

---

Please note that the bottom and right side of the document are cut off in the image, leading to incomplete text. Also, the quality of the scan or the condition of the document might have affected the legibility of certain words or numbers, causing uncertainties or errors in the transcription.