No photograph is present in the image provided. The image contains a scanned page with typewritten text. Here is the transcription of the visible text:

```
777 TS
                                                                       San Luis Obispo, 
                                                                       California, 
                                                                       3 Aug. 1950 
 
Squ. Intell. OIEC Divison., 
HQ 4th Air force,
Hamilton Air Force B., 
Hamilton, Ohio.

Subject:

It is with some reluctance and with a faint possibility of foolhardiness
that I elect to report what was an extraordinarily impressive
occurrence over a mr (torn corner, missing text) C-47, demanding I think much more than
it L rated - or NOT, but at any rate, roughly it was a circular silhouetted 
life (torn corner, missing text) simbilily flying in sublime arches at the government range of 
(ripped paper) rest this moth-eaten grey, I thought there must exist along this
unorthodax for what it is worth.

Sirs, it is well that I was to be alert at 0730 A.M., and by the grace
of god partially alert for on skirting only about 1 mile south of Amarillo,
Texas this sun up came down, about the time 0730 A.M.
Intuition was substituted to meet with it - it almost touched the earth,
possible altitude 100 ft of West A few points. The size 70 ft. diameter
at least. There (ripped paper) punctuate it too, however, com silos appeared to tend too (torn corner, missing text) controlled,
plequexed. I reported it for several minutes, due to our speed
put it to MY WILL. She wags its tail and it came on to refasten
its own on to its shell. It caused the serenity of silence to (torn corner, missing text) roar
was an anti-climax this turbulent of days. O observe, this object
rose apropos of gravitational integrity and (ripped paper) caused to go vertic, pult
up and began moving (?) along its (ripped paper) axis, it was
exquisitely to see if from on this tear drop ended.

I observed (torn corner, missing text) scene as it (ripped paper) to extend on an (ripped paper)
the softness of fog I was (ripped paper) right (ripped paper) 
the fog cleared, a rip (ripped paper) me, 3/4 of (torn corner, missing text)
I was (?)(ripped paper) All things (ripped paper) shape
were (participant?) (ripped paper) large

It rose 300-400 more ft, descended, LC diffused.

When I last saw the object, the object had (ripped paper)
```

The document contains several instances of ripped or torn pages, which results in missing text and makes it difficult to follow the complete story of the event described.