The document does not contain any photographs. Below is the output of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS                                           DC/CJP/dd
PACIFIC DIVISION, AIR TRANSPORT SERVICE 
AIR TRANSPORT COMMAND
APO 953                                                        10 May 1948
SUBJECT: Spot Report

TO: Commanding General
          Air Transport Service
          Washington 25, D. C.
          ATTENTION ADC, Intelligence

1. The following information was reported by Captain Floyd 
Barnes, Pilot of aircraft, who was in flight between Kwajalein island,
Marshall Islands, and Hickam Field, T. H., at the time the indent
occurred.

2. While flying magnetic course 060째, altitude 9000 feet, at 
approximately 09:05 GCT, 6 May 1948, a large white ball of fire was 
observed 19째 05' E - 164째 05' E, four to five miles directly ahead 
and slightly above the aircraft. The ball of fire was observed 
for only a split second and was comparable to the explosion of a 
shellor there was no stream or trail observed usually 
related to a meteor of a distress signal.

3. Immediately after the ball of fire was observed, Captain 
Barnes instructed the Radio Operator to check the IFF. The IFF was
reported by the Radio Operator to be in position No. 2 and operative.

4. As the aircraft approached the approximate position of 
where the ball of fire was observed, a single white light was seen 
on the water surface. However, this light was obscured within a few 
seconds after sighting because of the existing cloud coverage 
(qu;= 5/10).

5. More lights were immediately observed on the water surface 
approximately ten miles north of the aircraft's course. It is the
opinion of Captain Barnes and other persons aboard who observed these
lights, that it was a surface vessel.

6. Approximately ten minutes elapsed after the last light
was observed on the water surface, when an aircraft was sighted
flying a reciprocal course (240째) at about 1000 feet below the 
DOWN GRADED AT 5 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

The document appears to be declassified and part of the Project Blue Book UFO investigations, reporting an incident involving a sighting of a large white ball of fire, followed by lights over the water surface, witnessed by an aircraft pilot and crew.