There are no photographs present in this document. As per your request to act like an OCR system, here is all the text found in the document:

---

AFMDC Form No. 104-2 (Rev 20 Jul 48)
ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET
Place initial in dictate or typist block with checkmarks for other types.
Use authorized AF abbreviations.
Note varying signal at lower left of form.
Do not puncture or stamp any part of this form.
Number all comments consecutively.
Maintain space of typewritten character.
DATE
Use rubber adhesive strips.

TO FROM DATE COMMENT NO.
MCIA XO-3 MCIA XB 10 Dec 48 4

SUBJECT
Request for Analysis

1. The following information is forwarded in answer to questions in Comment No 3 above:

a. Subject aircraft cannot be identified with any known domestic or foreign jet propelled aircraft.

b. There is no knowledge of any advanced types of domestic aircraft (jets) flying in the vicinity of Clark Air Force Base.

c. There are no known foreign aircraft designs which approximate the reported configuration. In regard to size report, the nearest USSR aircraft of which we have knowledge is a development of the German EF-132 six jet bomber. Although the configuration of the EF-132 is not definitely known, it is not believed to be a tailless aircraft.

d. The approximate necessary range for an aircraft operating from Southern Manchuria would be about 5,000 miles.

e. A range of 5,000 miles, in light of existing jet engines and aircraft, is improbable although not impossible.

f. It may be roughly estimated that the gross weight of the airplane is 300,000 lbs from the arbitrarily chosen data.

g. The striking potentialities of a 300,000 lb jet aircraft, capable of a range equal to or in excess of 5,000 miles, is superior to the most advanced designs in jet bombers which we now have flying. The actual potentiality depends further upon the bomb load; however, it cannot be estimated here.

2. This R&R has not been forwarded to MCIAIS inasmuch as all questions in Comment No 3 have been covered.

3. As an expedient measure in handing similar matters in the future, it is recommended that this type of problem be first discussed verbally between members of this Section and MCIAO.

[some signatures and stamps]

UNCLASSIFIED

(WARNING NOTICE AT INTERVALS)

DOW DLI SVIUU

(Block of text at the bottom of the page is obscured.)

UNCLASSIFIED

(CONTINUED ON OTHER SIDE)

---

Note: The obscured text at the bottom and the comment on the right side of the document, along with possible stamps or signatures, are not fully legible in the image provided.