There are no photographs present in the image of the document you provided.

Below is the transcribed text from the document:

```
0022X
UNCLASSIFIED
THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO
Albuquerque
January 6, 1949
Institute of Meteoritics

To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees, Commanding Officer
District No. 17
Office of Special Investigations

From: Lincoln LaPaz, Director
Institute of Meteoritics

Subject: Report of Anomalous Sounds Observed by AECIS personnel at Los Alamos
on 1948, December 30

1. On 1948, January 5, Major C. L. Pailthorp, USAF, and the undersigned
under the guidance of Lt. Earl D. Hedgcock, AECIS, visited three of the four
stations at which anomalous sounds were heard during the night of 1948,
December 30. In this present preliminary report, a summary of the pertinent
facts is given and, on the basis of azimuth and elevation readings taken at
the three stations where sounds were heard simultaneously, an approximate
determination is made of the location of the sound sources in space.

2. At Station 1400 statements were obtained from AECIS Inspectors —————
and ———— According to ———— and ————, at approximately 2010 on
December 30 they both heard what they at first thought was a truck laboring up
the hill near X below their station. ———— then ———— to ———— that they nee-
sarily went to the door to make the customary inspection, only to find that the
roadway was empty. The sound terminated within a second or two after they open-
ed the door and stepped outside. Repetition of their notations and conversation
timed with a stop-watch showed that the sound occurred approximately 7 seconds.
About 10 minutes later, at approximately 2020, the same incident occurred
again, only then it sang from the other way, seeming to move toward
outside both men racing each other from chairs by a stove, a stop-watch
determination for this case gave a duration for the sound of 3.5 seconds.
This second repetition of the unusual sound made a considerable impression
on the inspectors involved and the matter was under discussion during the
half hour that elapsed before a bogey alarm came in over commutations at
approximately 2050. By this time, ———— had left Station 1400 and the third
observation was made by ———— and ————. According to the inspectors,
the noise heard at approximately 2010 was definitely an aerial noise in
contrast to the noises heard after 2010 and 2020. It is their firm opinion
on the basis not altogether articulate stirrings ———— ———— although both
agreed that the sound of a plane motor probably came closest to representing
what they heard. A stopwatch determination indicated a duration on 10-15
seconds for the aerial noise. Because the inspectors felt that they made
mre accurate determinations of position for the second and third incidents
than for the first, azimuth and elevation ro?dings were taken only for the
occurrences at 2020 and 2050. According to ————, the azimuth of the sound
heard at 2020 was ———— and the elevation ————. According to ————,
——— ———— ———— ———— ———— ———— ————. LAST AFTER INTERME-

DATEG AUGUST 1, 1952
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

Please note that parts of the text are redacted with lines, which are represented by "————" in my transcription.