The image shown does not contain a photograph. It is a text document. Here is the text as an OCR would output it:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS;

1. This is a Joint investigation by the writer, S/A MELVIN E.
HOWARD, EDGAR J. DUEMLER, and ROBERT R. JOHNS.

AT ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO

2. Letter from Miss -------- to Dr. J. Hugh Pruett,
Professor of Astronomy, University of Oregon, dated 3 November 1948,
provided by Dr. LINCOLN LA PAZ. This letter indicates that Miss -------- 
saw a "very strange star or fireball" on the night of 21 October 1948 over
Phoenix, Arizona. Description extracted from letter follows:

Color: Green
Course: East to west, with erratic side motions
Speed: Very slow (estimated 75 minutes to cross sky)
Remarks: Seemed to be at cosmic in course and brilliance by
stages; moved off 90° due to north and south in zig-
zag; faded as it went further west, then flared up
and disappeared.

3. Lead sheets were transmitted to Williams Air Force Base Detach-
ment, 17th District OSI, for interview with Miss -------- to develop pre-
cise details as to course and observation. (Inclosure #1)

4. Letter from Dr. PRUETT, undated, was provided by Dr. LA PAZ.
This letter, origin to Dr. Smith, and old authority of La Paz, "explains"
incident by a loud noise, at 1930 hours, 11 December 1948. A summary of
letter is as follows:

at approximately 1930, a brilliant blue-white flash of light
was seen from Hood River, Oregon, about five miles south and
slightly east. This is nearly directly over Pine Grove, a
small Oregon town. Most witnesses said that it might have been
lightning, but did not look like any lightning that they had
ever seen. It looked more like the rapid burning of a flare.
A loud noise, like thunder, accompanied the flash. One witness
said that the light moved to the north-northwest, in big circles
the moment the motor of the flare seemed to be round and 
white, something like a fluorescent light, or a searchlight, and
was concentrated. The weather was cold, with light rain-
snow; no lightning or thunder was observed. Radio interference
was strong at the time of the flash and for a few seconds later.
(Inclosure #2)

5. Lead sheets were transmitted to 20th District OSI for interviews
directed toward getting more details from -------- and obtaining further state-
ments.

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
NSD: JR: JAR: JOHNS.
```

Note: The blocks of text with lines through them are redactions, and the image preserves these redactions.