The image appears to be a page from an old document, specifically a UFO report from Project Blue Book, discussing sightings in New Mexico. There is no photograph present in the image, only text.

Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

6. This writer made inquiries in the following New Mexico towns on 22, 23 and 24 December, with negative results: Belen, Socorro, Abog,
Fountainair, Willard, Encino, Vaughn, Pastura, Santa Rosa, Dilia, and
Palma. Several persons contacted had heard of the phenomena near
Las Vegas, New Mexico, but no one had seen or heard of any celestial
phenomena in the area covered, which lies south of Las Vegas and south
and east of Albuquerque.

AT LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO

7. The following two reports were furnished Special Agent MELVIN
E. NEFF by Lieut. EARLE D. HIGHOWER, Atomic Energy Security Service (AESS). Reporting individuals were on Jeep patrol and made simultaneous sightings while seated in their jeep. Transit readings were made by Dr. LA PAZ
from the position of sighting by jeep.

Report by Inspector BUFORD C. TRUETT, AESS:

At about 2054, 20 December 1948, in company with Inspector W. De
WILSON, a falling light was observed at a great height moving toward the
earth at a 45-degree angle; this angle decreased as the light fell, until
it disappeared on about a 20-degree angle. When first seen the light
appeared to be white, but later seemed to be green, and to have a flat
red core, with the broken parts being red; the light trailed seema to be
white. It seemed to fly as though under control, and finally disappeared
behind Point Eagole. (Inclosure #3)

Report by Inspector WILLIAM D. WILSON, AESS:

At 2054, 20 December 1948, the object described below was seen.
It travelled from west to east, nay be a little south. It was in an almost
flat trajectory and its decline was at about 20 degrees to the horizon,
This angle of elevation was 30 degrees. It moved at a high speed,
finally disappearing behind Point Eagle. Total time of visibility was about
one and one-half seconds. The object was an intense blue-white light about
as sils as a softball and of a definito form but trailing blue-white bluish
objects about the size of a baseball, this same color and intensity as the
main body, trailed in tandem, at intervals of about three times the diameter
of the main body. The size of the main body was about one-fourth the size
of the moon. (Inclosure #4)

3. Statement from Lieut. CLIFFORD E. STRUM, AESS (oral), and

[the rest is illegible due to the stamp]

DOWNGRADING AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS,
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
IOD DUE 6200.10
```
Please note that parts of the document are not clearly visible due to a stamp overlay, including the end of item 3, which has been marked as "[the rest is illegible due to the stamp]".