The image provided is a scanned page from a document, presumably from Project Blue Book, which was a series of systematic studies of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force. There is no photograph present on this page. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

```
(2) Incident 2

Object #2 was observed by ---- ---- ---- on 24 July 1948, while 
---- ---- at 0300 hours at ---- Villege, near Greens-
boro, between Blacksburg, Virginia, and Greens-
boro, North Carolina.  This sighting is considered
separately since the description of speed as "meteoric"
or "teriffic", the manner of travel described as an 
arc or horizontal, and the fact that it "faded like
a meteor" seem to indicate that the object seen was
not the one observed in incident 1.

(3) Incident 3

This object was observed between 2100 and 2300 hours
both on 13 July at ---- and on 18 July at ----
by observers at Chinoonee, and ----, Georgia, 
Mrs, ---- ----  It 
is thought to be a meteor in that it's apparent "shot"
or "arc" was described as varied in color but predominantly
brilliant blue-white.  The color so well described as 
definitely "southern".  Although the dates seem to 
indicate that this sighting could not be the same as
that described in incident 1, yet the major portion of
tails testimony refers to a "blue white light".  The
sightings in the first instance describe a "glow"
running the entire length of the fuselage.  When viewed
from the sunset it is logical to assume that the blue
glow would be rapidly visible.

NOTE:

In this connection, Mr. Joseph Allen Hynek, astro-
physicist, OSRD, who is presently serving as 
consultants on this project, has advised that it
is possible for a celestial body to appear to 
travel in a straight line and slant downwards.
It is extremely improbable, although theoretically
possible, for some objects to achieve an affect
of 1½" through the forces generated during their
flight through the atmosphere.  It is his further
opinion that it is impossible for any celestial
body to maneuver violently and make sharp turns.
It is extremely unlikely for terrestrial bodies to 
move so very rapidly when passing through the
lower layers of the atmosphere, but, from greater
distances, it is possible to observe "2nd-storm"
shills for extremely short periods of time, (1) active 
flying distinguishable on (1) tilt nose on beam
body off from its axis and (2) star mass.  The 
resultant radiates each cut through time in a
manner sometimes blinding observers.

3

T 7 9 2 0 0
``` 

Please note that redaction marks are present in the original text, which appear as "----" in the transcription above.