The document contains four black and white photographs:

1. The first photograph on the top left shows a man on a tractor in a field; the caption below states, "FIRST FRAGMENT of Norton stone was found by George Tunstill while harrowing a clover field with his tractor."

2. The second photograph on the top right depicts a man looking through a surveying transit instrument; the caption says, "SEARCH PARTIES organized by Dr. Lincoln LaPaz, above, used transits to locate spots where fragments may have fallen."

3. The third photograph on the bottom left shows several people seated and examining rocks on a table; the caption below this image reads, "SCIENTIFIC value of meteorite pieces caused residents of Norton County to submit even ordinary rocks for examination."

4. The last photograph on the bottom right features a man in a lab coat conducting a scientific examination of an object; this caption states, "RADIOACTIVITY studies of fragment are made at Chicago's Institute for Nuclear Studies by Dr. Harrison Brown (see text)."

Here is the text found in the document:

---

7 SCIENTIFIC value of meteorite pieces caused residents of Norton County to submit even ordinary rocks for examination.

In Jennings, tiny Crest, midway between those two towns and northwest of the farm, a small station that until recently was listed in the official railroad guidebooks as the geographical center of the United States, the excitement was more subdued. Farmers living in the vicinity of the places where the stones fell had the experience of being able to get into the act without going any great distance from their own back door.
There was little or nada of the treasure hunting spirit that characterized past spectacular meteorite showers—the famed golden meteor of 100 years ago that produced a near riot in a Connecticut village, or the stony rain that struck Iowa in the early '90s. That was the old days, of course, but there seems to have been a rather unique limiting factor in the case

8 SEARCH PARTIES organized by Dr. Lincoln LaPaz, above, used transits to locate spots where fragments may have fallen.

of this visitation at Norton, Neb.
Young and otherwise, Kansas and Nebraskan border staters proved the possessor of a quite bit utant of that frontier phlegm and 'do, meditation even in the face of what to city cosmopolitans might seem a menacing threat to health and payout. Everything done by the local and outside authorities, after the first alarm had been sounded, appeared to be aimed at safeguarding the general public from the risk

9 RADIOACTIVITY studies of fragment are made at Chicago's Institute for Nuclear Studies by Dr. Harrison Brown (see text).

For weeks after the startling events of February 16, the chief topic of conversation at the two banks and drug store was the "rocks rain," the hazard they relocated and the fast-thinking maneuver by Dr. Frank Hall, thirty-seven, county attorney of this Norton community, born and bred in the county, who also served as a civil defense director. When a warning of possible radioactivity in the weighed meteoritic material—pieces that fell on one site measured the size and weight of a small cow—was

TURN THE PAGE FOR ROUNDUP CHART OF FACTS ABOUT SPACE

---

Due to the quality of the image, some of the text might be slightly inaccurate or incomplete.