The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a textual document. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the output of all the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This is a joint investigation by the writer, S/A SMITH E.
WEBB, EDGAR E. BENZELL, and ROBERT R. ROBINS.

AT ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO

2. Letter from MASS
to Dr. J. HUGH PRUETT,
Professor of Astronomy, University of Oregon, dated 3 November 1948, was
provided by Dr. LINCOLN LA PAZ. This latter indicates that MISS PRUETT
saw a "very strange star or Fireball" on the night of 24 October 1948 over
Phoenix, Arizona, Description extracted from latter follows:

   Color: Green
   Course: East to west, with erratic side motions
   Speed: Very slow (estimated 75 minutes to cross sky)
   Remarks: Seemed to be affected in course and brilliance by
   stars; moved off course to north and south in zig-
   zag; faded as it went further west, then flared up
   and disappeared.

3. Lead sheets were transmitted to Williams Air Force Base Detach-
ment, 17th District OSI, for interview of two (2) civilians to develop pre-
cise details as to course and elevation. (Inclosure #1)

4. Letter from
Sun Publishing Company,
Hood River, Oregon, to Dr. PRUETT, undated, was provided by Dr. LA PAZ.
This letter refers to the sighting of a blue-white flash of light accom-
panied by a loud noise, at 1730 hours, 11 December 1948. A summary of the
letter from Bird follows:

At approximately 1730, a brilliant blue-white flash of light
was seen from Hood River, Oregon, about two miles south and 
slightly east. This is very near City of Pine Grove, a 
small Oregon town. Most witnesses said that it might have been
lightning, but did not look like any lightning that they had 
ever seen. It looked more like the rapid burning of a flare.
A loud noise, like thunder, accompanied this flash. One witness
said that the light moved to the northwest, but no others saw
the movement. The center of the flash seemed to be round and
white, emitting the a fluorescence light, or a semi-light, and
was concentrated. The weather was cold, with light rain and
snow; no lightning or thunder was observed. Radio interference
was strong at the time of the flash and for a few seconds later,
(Inclosure #2)

5. Lead sheets were transmitted to 20th District OSI for interviews
directed toward getting more details from BIRD, and obtaining further state-
ments.

UNCLASSIFIED

-2-
```

Please note that I have reproduced the text as found in the document, including any typographical errors or peculiarities in the original text.