This document does not contain any photographs.

Here's the OCR output of all the text found in the document:

```
THE SUN PUBLISHING CO.
HOOD RIVER COUNTY SUN                                  Publisher
HOOD RIVER, OREGON

(no date)

Mr. J. Hugh Prautt
1322 Longview avenue
Eugene, Oregon

Dear Sir:

I am writing you in regard to a rather startling occurrence on Saturday
evening, October 11, which no one has been able to explain locally to either
my own or several other interested people's satisfaction.

At about 7:30 p. m. in the evening, according to most witnesses, a bril-
liant globe or ball of flash shot eastwardly along in what at a point about five
miles south of Hood River and slightly east. Most witnesses said that the
light, which there was blinding but noise also agreed that they had never
seen any lightning exactly like it, since it was more like a rapid burning or
flaring than a bolt or sheet of lightning; most also agreed as to the loca-
tion, which is about directly over a small community called Pine Grove, marked
on the accompanying map. A loud noise, such as might have been made by thunder
was heard by everyone in the upper valley and across the river on the
Washington side. The light, however, rather reflected or shooting through a
mist, the light was more shot of the tail of the flash, was said by one wit-
ness on the Washington side to move northwest towards mount Adams, but this
was the only witness to indicate that the light moved at all.

I was reaching at home at the time and the flash was directly east of my
window--it seem to have been the only person who saw the flash at actual
origination--the rest apparently saw only reflections or a diffused - flash. The
center of the flash, which, by the time between it and the first sound, must
have been between one and four miles away, was itself round and almost com-
pletely white, somewhat like a fluorescent light bulb or a fairway search-
light--it seemed as much unlike lightning which diffuses its light at the
edges and does not beam itself.

Weather conditions were cold, with a light rain and snow falling. A cold
front was moving in at the time according to weather reporters. There were
no further nor had there been previous flashes or thundering. Radio interfer-
once was strong at the time of the flash and a few seconds afterwards.
Practically everyone, including those indoors, heard the thundering noise
and called or saw the light upwards like artillery fire for several seconds,

No reports from the east valley indicated anything had fallen nor have
any clues then brought to light any reason for the disturbance.

UNCLASSIFIED
```