The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page of typewritten text. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system to produce the text found in the document:

```
AT LAS VEGAS, NEW MEXICO                                      UNCLASSIFIED

1. On 8 December 1948, Lt. Tom GUTIEREZ, Chief of Police, Sixth
and University, Las Vegas, New Mexico, was interviewed reference reports
of unusual aerial phenomena. Chief GUTIEREZ stated that he had received
no reports of this nature and added that he was the chief's aide and record-
keeper of such items in the vicinity of Las Vegas. It is to be remembered
that MONTIE LEE, State Police, on duty in Las Vegas, on contacted.

2. On 8 December 1948, Patrolman FLOYD LEE, New Mexico State
Police, San Miguel County Court House (Phone), Las Vegas, New Mexico, was
interviewed reference reports of unusual aerial phenomena. LEE stated
he had received no reports of this nature and added that only on one
occasion last he overheard a conversation about seeing saucers in the neighbor-
hood of Las Vegas. This conversation occurred during a lull in otherwise
bad radio reception and it is questionable as to how much merit should be
subject to the UFO's stated if he received reports of this type he would report
same to the proper Federal Agency. LEE said that possibly a man answers
process he means flying a plane locally and doing advertising in a loud
manner with sound to the plane sound and (some light on the) Aerotec Airways
to have been seen in the vicinity of Las Vegas.

3. On 8 December 1948, Joe JOSEPHSALT, office manager, Las
Vegas Flying Service, Tacon Airport, East County Road, Las Vegas, is con-
tacted, was interviewed reference reports of Las Vegas this air incident in
the vicinity of Las Vegas. Las Vegas FLYING stated that she was the wife of
JOSEPH SALT, manager of the Las Vegas Airways. She MONTIE also stated
that business was unusually slow at the Western Airways, due to the airline
establishment of training of student pilots under the G.I. Bill. To Flying
Air Line and in which case this phase to be acceptable announcements this
that information could be obtained from the local newspaper office and ticket
sales should have more reports of pilots in the Las Vegas area.

No contact was not made with the local newspaper due to a desire of
keeping publicity about this investigation to a minimum.

4. On 8 December 1948, Mr. E. D. MILLER, Chief Aircraft Compliancy-
tor, Department of Commerce, Civil Aeronautics Administration (hereinafter
referred to as CAA), Box 1029, Municipal Airport, Las Vegas, is con-
tacted, was interviewed separately several reports of unusual aerial
phenomena. Mr. MILLER asserted he had heard of no incidents prior to this
interview and added that he was very much interested in events of this
nature. Mr. MILLER stated he had received no information about any aircraft
on 5 December 1948. A check of the CAA records for this date verified
his statements. Mr. MILLER stated that beginning immediately he would allow
the nearest Communication to report promptly incidents of this nature to
his attention. Air traffic 473, Page 1 provided to the Office of Special
Investigations, Kirkland AFB, will be "on alert" for the CAA to the proper
chaper to necessitate immediate investigative action, a report will be made
to a Federal agent residing in Las Vegas. Mr. MILLER requested that none of

DOWNLOADED AT NT
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 50 YEARS
DECLASSIFIED VIA SEC3100.90
DOD DIR 5200.9
```