The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a document with typewritten text. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL

5.  Usual hobbies, such as sports, modeling, and events in aviation, were
    admitted by all observers.

6.  Since all personnel stated as observers of object in question have had
    experience as crew members or pilots of aircraft within the last three
    years or more qualified to eliminate good details in relation to
    airborne objects is considered above normal.


7.  Reliability: Source, A2 records and available 202 Magazine Personnel
    and other Files.

    Through investigation of current and available military
    records of subject observers, reliability is considered good since no
    unfavorable comments, entries, etc were revealed.

8. Objects sighted from airborne aircraft in limited traffic position
    by same observers, all claims to have sighted or chased objects were
    grounded. Attention was possible to observe phenomena through
    duration of long motion lighted object - Therefore objects were strange that
    moved advanced aviation.

9. None

10. All observers of object in question are considered to be of average or
    above intelligence, None of the observers illustrated any peculiar
    inclination to auto suggestion since all the circumstances; rather have realised
    to this treated producing every detail and omitting major details unless
    it is believed that sound generated by round object can be attributed to
    sound omitted by ultra high speed jet, as indicated by calculation of other
    observers. Each observer was convinced that what he saw or heard was the
    same as far as he was concerned. Each as available information to sub-
    stance can be determined on which to base any question as to the final dis-
    position and or rate and present conveyance.

Reports relative to Radar Sightings:
    1. Not applicable
    2. Not applicable

General Information:

1. See attachment # 1

2. See attachments # 2

3. Due to heavy aircraft traffic in Washington D.C. area not possible to
   to obtain such information.

4. None reported

5. Not applicable

6. Equipment not available to enable procuring of required data

7.  Not available

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED 
AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10  3
UNCLASSIFIED
```