The image contains a page with typewritten text, it does not contain any photographs. Here is the text output as if I were an OCR system:

```
AGENT REPORT

1. NAME OF SUBJECT OR TITLE OF INCIDENT                       2. DATE SUBMITTED
SIGHTING OF UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT                           3 August 1948
                                                              3. CONTROL SYMBOL OR FILE NO.
                                                              AI-317

REPORT OF FINDINGS

(1) On 2 August 1948, [redacted] housewife, [redacted]
[redacted] Columbus, Ohio, was interviewed concerning visioned objects
which she saw in the sky on Saturday, 31 July 1948, at approximately 1530 
hours, and stated in substance:

"My husband and I had just left our house which is located on the
southeast corner of Leonard and Monroe Avenues and had turned west on
Leonard when I glanced up at the sky and saw some objects which looked like
large stars. They seemed to be very far away and appeared to be
moving to about my size of me in a north-northwest direction very similar to
swarm of them and they were in formation that resembled the shape of the
V; direction. They did not have any definable shape individually but just
looked like a group of spots similar to stars in the sky. Their color was
color was very not vivid; but seemed to just be hanging in the sky. The
sky was clear and blue and the sun was shining but I do not think the
gold color was caused by a reflection of the sun. I do not think these 
objects were man-made but I believe they were just a strange celestial
phenomena. I told my husband to look at the strange objects in the sky but
he could not see them and told me I was having an hallucination. When we
stopped for a traffic light at Leonard and Clair Avenues, a truck stopped
beside us and I asked the truck driver if he could see anything in the sky.
he said he saw them but did not know what they were. I was not able to
obtain the truck drivers name as traffic started to move in the truck went south
on Clair Avenue when and I could not get the truck. I was so stunned to
see these objects in the sky and was not staring at them but it was 
obstructed by buildings. I called the Columbus Dispatch (newspaper) at
approximately 10:30 P.M. That evening to find out if anyone else had
reported seeing them, and I told the editor my story. It was a strange
sight and I have never seen anything like it before.

(2)  On 2 August 1948, Mrs. [redacted] housewife, and [redacted] 
mother of Mrs. [redacted] both of [redacted] Avenue, Columbus, Ohio, were
interviewed concerning an unidentified object in the sky, and stated in
substance:

On Saturday evening, 31 July 1948, at approximately 2100 hours, we were
driving south on [redacted] Road and as we approached the WCST radio tower which 
is located on the University Golf Course, we saw a large object which looked
like a huge lantern floating in the sky. The color was clear, there were
no wings, and it was completely lighted so we could see the figure clearly.
It really was oblong. It didn't make any noise; also it was floating up 
slowly. From the top this moving object slowly a golden color then
```

The rest of the text is cut off at the bottom edge of the image.