The image contains a page from a document, but there are no photographs on this particular page.

Here is the text as an OCR would produce:

---
Birmingham, Alabama newspaper photographs of two objects having a general oval shape where the leading one was approximately three times the size of the other object which seemed to be attached or following very closely and separated at a distance of about two or three lengths of the smaller object.

10. Mrs. █████████ pointed out how the objects was brought to her attention while sitting in the second floor and looking out through the window in a southerly direction, when the two objects were seen floating slowly across the horizon and then suddenly separating and disappearing below the house tops. She could not state that they dropped in somebody's backyard or even on the ground, but that they simply dropped slowly from view and were not seen again. Mrs. ███████, however, thought that one object separated or broke in two and dropped from view.

11. Mrs. █████ █████, who also claimed to have seen the objects, agreed with Mrs. █████ and Mrs. █████ that the color appeared to be the same as a yellow, red, or amber colored flashlight and that the outline was distinct and not one that would appear as flame and irregular. They all stated that it was not a frightening thing, but seemed to be very quietly and peacefully moving along, coming from a high altitude over the water in a downward slowly moving path toward the shore and then lightly rising again and rapidly disappearing in the distance in the general direction of Philadelphia.

12. The object appeared to be in view for at least 15 to 20 minutes on each occasion, Mrs. █████ stated once that she had seen it approximately 20 times, but upon further questioning as to the exact number of times, she reduced it to about 5 times, according to the following schedule: 25 and 28 Dec, 47, 3 and 10 Jan, and 13 Feb. Mrs. █████ stated that the Coast Guard visited that vicinity to investigate and to view the next occurrences, but evidently did not see anything.

13. A map of the town showing the layout of the city blocks and streets was presented to indicate the direction of objects which was brought back as part of the case for future reference. They stated that it was not any sort of party object was emitted; no smoke or exhaust trails were seen. They also insisted that it was not any balloon, dirigible, flare, parachute or any other thing that they know, and they seemed to have a pretty good knowledge as to the appearance of such things. They claimed it was something they had never seen before. They could not describe it accurately, but they assured us it was very real.

14. Mrs. █████ sent this HQ a letter dated 16 Feb transmitting a copy of "Hints and Crafts" published by Macmillan Company that carried an article about her activity in the writing field, which substantiates that she is of sound mind in this respect. Also inclosed was a booklet entitled "It Happens Every so Often... What Will They Say?" written by her and published by Consolidated Book Publishers.

DECLASSIFIED
DOE DE 520101.0
---