The image you provided appears to be a text-filled page without any photographs. Here is the text transcribed as accurately as possible from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED
Aerial phenomena at Wildwood,NJ
7 April, 1948
Report of Investigation

6. That Mrs. ███████ is an eccentric type, and regard her son as a peculiar
person who is effeminate and lacking in manly character.

7. That Mrs. ███████ was apprehended by the Wildwood Crest, N.J. Police on or about 1945, for window peeping, and was released with-
out charges being preferred after Mrs. ███████ promised that it would not
happen again.

8. That Mrs. ███████ constantly tries to impress the townspeople of Wildwood, N.J., with her importance in Aviation affairs and with her financial resources.

9. That Mrs. ███████ record at the Wildwood Credit Rating Bureau fails to reflect that she is a person of good financial resources.

10. That records of the District Court of Cape May County, N.J., disclose that on date of 15 January, 1943 a judgment to the amount of $13.52 was rendered against Mrs. ███████ for non-payment of merchandise purchased by her in 1945.

11. That no reports have been made by other citizens of Wildwood as to the observing of aerial phenomena, such as observed by Mrs. ███████, on at least seven occasions between 26 December, 1947 and 11 March, 1948.

12. That no reports have been made by members of the Wildwood Police Department regarding the sighting of aerial phenomena, although this department maintains four police patrol cars operating on a 24 hour schedule, in addition to a Lowstationed on the boardwalk 24 hours a day.

13. That no tower lookout watches of Coast Guard Stations from Wildwood, N.J., to Atlantic City, N.J., have observed no aerial phenomena.

14. That inquiries to numerous citizens, including members of American Legion Posts in Wildwood, N.J., and Cape May, N.J., have failed to disclose any knowledge of aerial phenomena having been observed. 

15. That Mrs. ███████ is regarded by officials of the Wildwood, N.J., and Wildwood Crest, N.J., Police as a person that could not be depended upon for the obtaining of reliable information.

Conclusions:
1. That aerial phenomena as said about the vicinity of Wildwood, N.J., is apparently on the numerous occasions reported by Mrs. ███████ could

AIR INTELLIGENCE REPORT NO.
ALSO CIOS LTR
FILED, DOD DIR 5En45
--- 

Some parts of the text are redacted with black bars, represented here with "███████".