The provided image appears to be a scanned document page with text but does not contain any photographs. Below is the text from the document:

---

on such a body would be accompanied by high drag; plus a serious limitation on the range of the aircraft for any particular gross weight. 
IT this type of unidentified aerial objects has extremely long range, it is probable that the method of propulsion is one which is far in advance of presently known engines.

POWER SOURCES

(a) The foregoing discussion is predicated upon the assumption that power sources presently available would have to be used. If an atomic energy powered engine were available, a small mass flow at a large velocity would accomplish the required lift and propulsively force and the large energy expenditure would be of small importance.

(b) However, the head exchange requirements for the atomic powered engine appear to demand physical dimensions of inordinate size that presently would preclude the using of this powerplant for aircraft. Experimental work in progress to convert the energy of the atomic pile directly to electricity, rather than via steam, holds the promise of a more compact atomic powerplant.

Conclusions 1. The flying anomaly observed, remains unidentified as to origin, construction and power source.

2. A definite trend of flight headings has evolved as generally south, in bearing.

3. Supporting evidence from separate reliable sources establish existence of this configuration.

It has been established by Project hands investigation that velocities, at least several times the sonic barriers are adequate for the construction of a space ann... The ...orthrand Casambea Conference concluded ... ... / of the coming years in assembled could support resultant flight by avoic dynamic actions.

ROBERT R. [last name redacted]
DOE, [redacted]
Project Officer

---

Please note that some parts of the text are obscured or redacted, which results in a few gaps where specific words or details are not entirely clear.