There is no photograph present in this image, it only contains text. Here is the text as requested:

```
HEADQUARTERS
315TH AT BASE UNIT (RES TNG)
GODMAN FIELD, FORT KNOX, KENTUCKY
A./meg
15 January 1948

STATEMENT /./ SGT QUINTON A. BLACKWELL

On the afternoon of 7 January 1948 I was on duty in the Control Tower, Godman
Field, as Chief Operator. We had been sighting an object in the sky which we were
unable to identify from our position in the tower.

At approximately 1430 hours we sighted a 4-ship formation of P-51's approaching 
Godman from the southeast, heading towards Louisville. As they crossed over Godman
Field, I attempted to contact the flight of ships in the following manner:

"Godman Tower Calling the flight of 4 ships northbound over Godman Field. Do
you read? Over?"

I gave that call twice and finally after the second call-up the Flight Leader
of the formation acknowledged, "Roger, Godman Tower. This is National Guard 869,
Flight Leader of the formation. Over"

"National Guard 869 from Godman Tower. We have an object out south of Godman
here that we are unable to identify, and we would like to know if you have gas
enough and if so could you take a look for us if you will."

The Flight Leader acknowledged, "Roger, I have the gas and I will take a look
for you if you give me the correct heading and any information you have on locating
the object."

The 4-ship formation then continued on towards Louisville. 3 of them swung around
to the right and reversed their course, making good a heading of approximately 210°
from Godman Field, and climbing steadily.

At about 1445 or 1450 hours, National Guard 869 notified Godman Tower he was approx-
imately 15,000 feet.

"I have an object in sight above and ahead of me, and it appears to be moving
about half my speed or approximately 180 miles an hour."

No markes for a description of the object, he replied, "It appears to be a 
metallic object or possibly reflection of sun from a metallic object, and it is of 
tremendous size."

Approximately 1515 or 1520 hours, the Flight Leader reported the object at,
"Directly ahead of me and slightly above, and it is moving at about my speed or
"faster. I'm trying to close in for a better look."

The last contact we had with the Flight Leader in any way.

Very soon after that National Guard 900 who was in the flight with National
Guard 869, attempted to contact the Flight Leader and then he was unable to do so
announced that he was returning to Standiford Field, as he was unable to contact
Or locate his Flight Leader.
```