The image you provided is a page from a typed document. There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS YUKON SECTOR
ALASKAN AIR COMMAND
Office of the AC/S A-2
APO 731, U.S. Army
13 January 1948

SUBJECT: Report of Sighting at Ladd Field, 9 January 1948

TO: Director, Intelligence Division
Headquarters Alaskan Air Command
APO 942, U S Army

1. The following sighting was made at 23002, 9 January 1948 in
the vicinity of Ladd Field:

a. A definite contrail which seemed to have a phosphorescent
glow and intermittent flashes at point of origin.

b. Five Officers and men of the 72nd Reconnaissance Squadron
observed the contrail and gave varying descriptions of it. The object
or aircraft was sighted in a position north of west of Ladd Field and
originally appeared as a vertical contrail on the horizon and as it came
closer, it was horizontal. The contrail was lost in the overcast just
east of Ladd Field.

c. After the sighting was made and reported, an interrogation
and thorough check was made.

2. The interrogation revealed that the object or aircraft making
the contrail was not seen but apparently the flashes and glow caused by
the sun reflecting off the surface of the object or aircraft were noticed.

3. The original check on Mile 26 aircraft flying in the vicinity of
Ladd Field was first made to Ladd Field base operations. At this time, it
was reported that no aircraft from mile 26 were flying in the vicinity of
Ladd Field. A recheck with the Operations Officer at Mile 26, made some
time after the original reports were submitted, indicated several aircraft
were flying with one of them in vicinity of Ladd Field at 23002. A
Loran position report was obtained on the aircraft in the vicinity
of Ladd Field and the following information revealed:

a. A B-29 was just west of Ladd Field working in the Ladd Field
mining practicing instrument flying at 16,000 feet and 205 indicated air
speed on a heading of 91°. True, this aircraft was over Ladd Field at

CONTINUED ON REVERSE SIDE
ABOUT OR AROUND THIS TIME.

//page break//

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Note: Some parts of the text near the top right of the page, as well as the bottom left and right, are not entirely clear in the image, and hence may not be transcribed perfectly.