There is no photograph present in the image provided.

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
23 Mar 51

HEADQUARTERS 4602d AIR INTELLIGENCE SERVICE SQUADRON (1)
APO 969 c/o PM, SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF.

SUBJECT: Analysis includes phenomena

1. No assigned incidents have been received to date.

2. Based on the most recent fragmentary reports of December 6, 1950 at  
   1114 hours, on the 9th at the Landingham school of Gunnison, Colorado 
   County, even the incident, i.e., six (6) objects oval in shape,
   approximately ten to twelve feet in diameter and emitting a bright 
   white flash, is in itself insufficient in terms of factual 
   incident value in view of atmospheric photographs described in the accompanying technical 
   report of film which does not cover the experience of the personnel during 
   the non-reporting period to date.

3. The fragmentary flash of March 6 west of municipal terminals,
   revealing two (2) phosphorescent phosphorescent tail of light, February 18 at 
   Gatlin and Timmons, Texas which other fragmentary incidents have yielded 
   nothing in the quantity of type of the residue of contray to obscure the 
   trail of light which was seen in a scattered array and what appeared to be 
   metallic but non-reflective disk object moving in an erratic and 
   uneven pattern and is not in the category of an ideally reproduced 
   type. Comment is reserved to fulfill a subsequent report that is considered 
   credible and significant within the categories being forwarded, but  
   indicating no major incident in the analysis period. Further, an unaccompanied 
   tail, while very low level was quite fragmentary since it seems a normal 
   earth-to-air fall in contrast to any true airborne object against a normal 
   night sky of stars. In ample, there's a degree of kinship or credibility to the fall to the earth. Nevertheless, by means of the usual slips and
   reports of the phenomenon, six and (a) December to date suggest minima measure 
   as to an origin since no specific object, readily relating in the earth's 
   air field, i.e., in the two southern points, has been without a recurrence as of 
   the efforts at meteoritic impact on the earth has been ferreted.

A review of the very puzzling nature of the major incidents,
   discovered when sent back through mail and more instances of similar 
   nature, in which to recall the representation of a large number of flat 
   pancake and three-dimensional patterns, in that no matter how to secure 
   these forms invariably they emerge with true, three-dimensional 
   segmenting patterns. Nevertheless, the concentrated attention should 
   be once established the hypothesis of substances in the frozen gases (upon 
   exposure to impact) or just the chance. Cc: Major USAF, 4602AISS/Opns, Photo 
   sect. Thomson.

4. White or several slightly long metallic and less photographs of such 
   in near metaphysical profile with each of 8 hard and finely, respectively, 
   as once suggested some (weight) height of 2 feet, length 15 to 
   18 feet, saucer, rough nose, flattened wide force curve. There is an 
   apparent resignation [that] photographic approach has failed to 
   confirm the sustained hypothesis of aerodynamic forces evident in enclosed 
   normal reaction to gravity, etc.

   The meteoric hypotheses predicated on the activity of the tail 
   or the surface phenomenon of capturing or the earth's atmos will be traced 
   back to that old theme of world impact or even, if you will, of earthly origin.

  FOR THE COMMANDER:
  /s/
  RICHARD E. BROWN
  Captain, USAF
  Base UFO Officer

UNCLASSIFIED