The image does not contain a photograph. It consists of a typed document, and I will now act as an OCR to transcribe the text:

UNCLASSIFIED MCIAO-3/RAJ/aw

5th Aug (?) '48 P

Project "SIGN"

Commending Officer
Shaw Air Force Base
Sumter, South Carolina
ATTENTION: Base Intelligence Officer

1. This Command is currently engaged in an intelligence investigation of all reported sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena and has been authorized direct communication with all Air Force units by USAF, in litter dated 6 February 1948.

2. It has come to the attention of this Office that Mrs. [redacted], of Columbia, South Carolina, has reported witnessing the socalled "flying discs."

3. It is requested your office interview this individual and obtain a signed graphic statement as to the anomaly observed. It is further requested that the observer indicate to the best of her ability the following salient factors: Location, date and time of sighting, weather conditions at the time, names, occupations and addresses of witnesses, (if any), photographs or sketches, luminous or metallic construction, number, shape, size, color, speed, in what part of sky first observed, direction, manner of disappearance, maneuverability (tactics), altitude, sound, exhaust trail, odor, if any, effect on clouds, etc.

4. It is requested that the individual be informed that her disclosures will be treated as "strictly confidential", and that, in the interest of national defense, all publicity surrounding this investigation be stringently avoided.

5. All pertinent material will be forwarded directly to Commanding General, AMC, Wright-PattersonAF Base, Wright Field, Ohio, attention: ... MCI, in accordance with USAF letter dated 26 February 1948.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

H. M. McCoy
Colonel, USAF
Chief, of Intelligence

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

[Redacted text at the bottom of the document]

UNCLASSIF E

There are some areas of the document that are censored or redacted with black marks.