The image provided is a scan of a textual document and does not contain a photograph.

Here is the extracted text as requested:

---
SUBJECT: Project "SIGN" CHARACTER: Special Investigation DATE: 9 Aug 1948
FILE NO: 333.5 (2421)

DETAILS: (Confd)

objects in the sky. This was between 2100 hours and 2130 hours. I
observed the object which appeared to me as a luminous glowing object with
no particular size, shape, or form. The object seemed to be traveling 
in a general southwest direction. I could not approximate the distance 
of the object, but estimated that it was 5,000 to 6,000 feet in altitude. 
The object was moving up and down in its flight, and it did not resemble 
any known type of aircraft. I heard no sound, nor did I detect any odor 
in connection with this object.

On 24 August 1948 at 2000 hours, witnessed by . . . . . babies . . . . . . 
in Atlanta, Georgia, was interviewed by Special Investigator 
Lowe, at his residence. The informant stated in substance:

My occupation is that of night editor for the Augusta Chronicle,
I was working in that capacity on 26th July 1948. I observed a so-called 
saucer at approximately 2050 hours as the result of the saucers hovering 
over the sky. I received these calls from various sections of the city,
and from South Carolina. I looked in the air in my office and saw 
what appeared to be a bright light. The light was traveling southwest and 
was moving in a southwest direction, bobbing and sliding in flight.  
The speed was approximately that of an average passenger airplane. 
I judged the object's distance from 20 to 50 percentially two miles.
There was a slight trail following the object which seemed to burn itself 
out in the course of five miles. The object itself gradually disappeared 
from sight as a normal aircraft might do in flight. The altitude was 
approximately 3,000 feet.

AGENT'S NOTE: . . . . . has never witnessed any type of jet aircraft in
flight.

On 25 August 1948 at 630 hours, . . . . . . . Smo.....
Street, Augusta, Georgia, was interviewed by Special Agent Morris in the 
office of the Delta Airlines, Daniell Field, Georgia. The informant
stated in substance:

My occupation is Chief of Communication - CAA, Daniell Field, Ga.
On 26 July 1948, at 2100 to 2150 hours, while standing on my front porch 
at . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I sighted an object which appeared out of the south- 
west and was traveling in a northwest direction. Upon seeing the "saucer" 
for the first time I sighted my . . . . . The size of the object appeared to be 
about one-fourth the size of a full moon. It was a well-defined object, 
and was very brilliant.  Opinion is that the objects was a true 
traveling in the lower level. The objects were trailed by numerous fragments 
which burned themselves out in flight. The distance of the object could 
not be established. The estimated speed was between 10.000 and 12,000 
miles per hour. Object, itself, was viewed for a period of two to 
three seconds when it disappeared from view.

UNCLASSIFIED CONFIDENTIAL SECURITY INFORMATION
DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
---