There is no photograph present in the image you provided. Here is the text contained in the document:

----

ATOMIC OBSERVATIONS
LOCKBOURNE ARMY AIR BASE
Columbus 17, Ohio

14 January 1948

SUBJECT: Report of Unusual Circumstances.

TO: Commanding Officer, 332nd Fighter Wing, Lockbourne Army Air
Base, Columbus 17, Ohio.

1. At approximately 1925 EST on the 7 January 1948 I turned to
runway 23 for an instrument traffic altitude (1500 ft). Just
prior to breakaway I saw a very odd aircraft like southwest of the
field. I began my 360 degree approach. As I made the left turn very
unusual and it was not on the ground so I looked in that direction from
my base leg position. It appeared the same and in the nest 2 min
about 30,000 feet in the air. This one by me long the flight similarly
dispersed. The object did not look at any base leg the light during a
flood light. While on my approach it flashed on and off main immediately.
I then asked A and Q on the ramp thinking that it may have been a reflection from the far end of the line.

2. Before flying I had heard part of an interphone conversation
from eastern theater to England Center relative to a circular object
seen over Tennessee. I returned to the Centralize building. While there
the mystery operator, T/Sergant, said the tower operators,
I and seen something unusual southwest of the field. I asked the
control tower operator the lights and Sergant, calling me to check. What
he had seen was the same box, 15 and Sergant said the lights
was that he had been "watching" it for 5 minutes or so and that through the
field glasses it appeared to have dull whites or like a jet of water
from a hose. He stated that it went out while I was in control out.
During the conversation he said it would be seen again (1935-1940). We
went to the door to observe.

3. From the tower and the light it appeared to move westward. It was
farther west and lower than I saw it in the n/e, also this light was
similar to that of a later time, that it was flickering. The light varied
velocity to come in and area, also the intensity and smaller ones. It
now very slowly and "wobbly" it appeared, similar to how a dim can very be
seen by a less westward movement it appeared to be fading out and continuing,
however the light was not nearly as bright on this second observation.

----