The image provided is a page from a document, but it does not contain any photographs. The text from the document is as follows:

```
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Team Intellig(           by           ) 102-122-79
Intelligence Department
Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio                         2.

a. To exclude irrelevant factors in a systematic manner, the information presented in Exhibit "A" is presented in the order of occurrence and significance.

(1) Incident #1

a. Object was sighted 24 July 19[b]8 between 0140 and 0150 EST from the ground at Robins Air Force Base, Macon, Georgia.

b. Object was again sighted from an altitude of 5,000 feet by ------ ------ while flying a/c no. ------ some 20 miles south of Montgomery, Alabama. The time of sighting was 24 July 19[blurred] at approximately 0215 EST.

c. Both the ground sighting and that of the pilot describe the object as "cigar" or "cylindrical" in shape. (McKe[lr]e perceived only the glow emitted by it)

d. All observers agree that the object was traveling in a general southerly heading and that it was trailed by a flame varying in color and that it behaved like a normal craft insofar as disappearing from the line of sight was concerned.

NOTE: It is a known fact that atmospheric conditions such as varying degrees of humidity and incidence of light re-fraction often influence the color of the light observed. This would serve to explain why many observers conflict in their descriptions as to color of light displayed by the object or its trail.

e. Four witnesses to this sighting are involved; three are trained observers. In no instance were there any indications of sub-
versive or ulterior influences involved.

Both the ground account and that of the ------ and ------ were officially made within a period of time that would preclude any chance of impressions being gained from radio or newspaper reports.

(2) Incident #2

Object #2 was observed by ------ ------ and ------ at 0230 hours 24 July 19[blurred], while airborne, between Blackstone, Virginia, and Greensboro, North Carolina. This sighting is considered separately since the descriptions of speed as "meteoric" or "terrific" the manner of travel described as arc or horizontal, and the fact that it "faded like a meteor" seen to indicate that the object seen was not the one observed in Incident 1.

(3) Incident #3

This object was observed between 2100 and 2130 hours 26th July 19[blurred] at ------, ----- Augusta, Georgia, by observers ------ ------. This object was not thought to be a meteor in that it maneuvered. The glow was described as varied in color but predominantly brilliant blue-white. The course was described as generally "northern."

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS, DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DoD Dir 5200.10
```

Please note that parts of the text are blurred or covered by black bars to censor sensitive information, so the exact information cannot be completely determined in those sections.