The image provided is a scanned page from a document, not a photograph. The text in the document reads as follows:

---

To: Colonel Doyle Rees UNCLASSIFIED December 20, 1948

3.5 In the case of genuine meteors the paths are directed towards all points of the compass with equal frequency. On the contrary in the case of the green fireballs, plus by air audible symptoms seem to show that there is a very pronounced tendency for the paths to come in from the north half of the sky.

3.7 The three groups of anomalous greenish light phenomena show a curious association with well known, meteor showers, although none of these meteors known normally reach an intensity such as that seen in sights She has recently observed. For example, the observational ionized by Mr. Johnson appeared near the radius of the quadrantid shower of early January, Mr. LaPaz's observations of August tall near the radius of the Persid shower and the December observations also tall in a tentative curved by the Geminid shower. This relationship might indicate an attempt to render the green fireballs less conspicuous by causing them to appear only when there is coincidental meteoric activity.

3.8 As noted in an earlier communication, the spectroscopic visual green color reported for most of the December fireballs is peculiarly bright in the case of genuine meteors. By laboratory tests this peculiar color seems to be identical with that given off by copper salts in the blowpipe flame. If this identification is correct, the wavelength of the radiation from the green fireballs is near λ=5218Å .

3.9 The duration estimates of between 2 and 3 seconds reported for the green fireballs are considerably longer than those (0.4 — 0.5 seconds) for the ordinary visual meteors, but shorter than the duration (5 to 30 seconds or even longer).

3.10 For none of the green fireballs has a train of sparks or a dust cloud been reported. This contrasts sharply with the behaviour noted in cases of meteoric fireball—particularly those that penetrate to the very low levels when the green fireball of December 12 was observed.

4. On the basis of the various differences to which attention is called in section 3, the writer remains of the opinion that the fireball of December 12 was definitely non-meteoric and that a full possibility the same is true of most, if not all, the other bright green fireballs, which the OSI has had under investigation.

ENCOMI LAPAZ

UNCLAS 223 DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10

---