The image appears to contain a scanned document page with handwritten and typed text, and a small sketch in the top right corner. There is no photograph visible in this image. As requested, I will now act as an OCR and provide the output of all the text found in the document:

---

Unidentified Object Seen by me at Clinton County Air Field
June/6/48

1. Sighting: Approximately southwest of the Air Field.
2. Location: The exact distance from the field is unknown but it
was pretty high up in the air southwest of the field.
3. Time: I do not know what time the object appeared but I first saw it
also in another clock.
4. Weather: The weather at the time was cold and clear with a few
widely scattered clouds.
5. Reported by: Myself.
6. Number of Objects sighted: One
7. Shape: The shape of the object seemed to be round circular or like a
very bright star in the sky only larger.
8. Color: It would varys [varies] first to say what size it was but if comparing 
it to the lights on in the plane it must have been very large.
9. Size: It had as brillance color as a star only very much brighter and
would sometimes get a little more red then turn to a white or yellow color.
10. Speed: At this time, it was spotted it did not seem to be trarvilzing,
at any speed neither coming towards us or going away.
11. Maneuvers: The object, seemed to go up and down and sometimes change 
of and to f rod [from] side to side at what seemed to be very great speed.
12. Altitude: The object seemed to be pretty high in the air.
13. Direction: At the time it was spotted it did not have a beam on
it as though it was being shined from the ground.
14. Heading: At the time it was spotted it did not seem to be heading
in any direction but after watching it for awhile it started southeast at
what seemed to be a very high speed.
15. Sound: I did not hear any sound at all from it.
16. Exhaust trail: It seemed to leave only a very faint exhaust trail
when moving up and down or from side to side.
17. Effect on clouds: A cloud come between the object and myself only
once that I know of for that the object was gone but this soldier looking
at it through the field glasses is the time said it was still there and that
a cloud had come between us and the object. After this cloud passed we could
see it just as good as we could before.

T/Sgt. 1&o7o [18070] Ziegler A.S.N. 17014131

---

Please note that some words were difficult to decipher due to the quality of the scan; my interpretation may differ slightly from the original text where clarity was an issue.