The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document with typewritten text and some sections redacted with black bars. Here is the text from the document:

```plaintext
Incident #197

A statement obtained from Professor ████████, Astronomer, Earl-
ham College by Capt. S. Reider, MCIWCIO-3, revealed that it was the
Professor's opinion that the object was not a star.

Incident: 197

At approximately 0135 A. M., 5th May, 47 a woman phoned the office
of The Palladium Item, Richmond, Indiana, to report a light in the
east which she stated resembled a flare hanging from a parachute.
Shortly thereafter a man reported the object. It was red with white
the window and saw a brilliant white light a bit south of east. It
seemed to flicker a great deal, and appeared much larger than a star
so he doubted the possibility of it being a heavenly body. Lining
it up with the corner of a certain building and observing it for a
few minutes he noted no movement. He called the police but they
knew nothing of it. Going to the upper roof he watched it for some
10 minutes. He then went down, secured a camera and returned to the
roof and proceeded to take a time exposure. Upon his return to the
roof he noted that the object appeared dimmer due to an overcast
to the east. A short time later the sky was overcast from low clouds
estimated at about 1,000 ft. However, when he object was first ob-
served the night was clear with stars out. He thought the size
of the object, compared some five to ten times that of a normal star.
He took two pictures of the "floating light."

Mr. ███████ is considered a trustworthy person. His employer,████
█████████, stated that he attempts to obtain as many true facts as
possible. He considers ████████ honest and sincere, Mr. ████████
is a member of the local Junior Chamber of Commerce.
```

Please note that redacted information appears as black blocks in the text, which I've represented with placeholder characters (████).