There is no photograph present in this image of the document. It contains only text and some graphical elements such as underlines, overlines, and what seem to be marks or annotations. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

---

FLYING FLOO^LAMP?
Everybody Seeing
Speedy Sky Bogey

By CHARLES POU
Is that Thing no more than a wayward floor lamp?
Mrs. Noah Atkinson, of Brookhaven, saw it. And what
did that Thing look like?
“A great big floor lamp, all lit up. Oh, it was beautiful!”
And C.C. Fowler, also Mississippi,
told Mils at home in Palos near
the Municipal airport, Sunday
night saw a “huge, brilliantly
lighted object streaking over Atlanta
at what says maybe 30,000 feet.
Mrs. Bowles thinks the Thing was
straight from Moscow.

Two Eastern Air Lines pilots
first were startled by the newest
astronomical 'what-is-it'” near
Montgomery early Saturday. To them, it was “a hugest, roaringest
sputtering flame like a Buick Riviera!
rocket ship,” Millingen, all over
the country. That thing was variously
identified as:
What It Looked Like

1. An aluminum covered balloon.
2. A bail of fire.
3. “An unusually bright light,
just a reddish-blue flame that
burst in mid air.
4. A red and cherry red fire.
5. A flash of cherry red fire.
6. A meteor.
Mrs. Atkinson kept her Flying
Fiooting seeing these things.
But Brookhaven saw'n't seen
things when she saw the thing.
Saw it, and her husband, who also
saw the keener man. The story
really sounded a little silly untill
the two Eastern Air Lines fliers
Thing thumbing and fire-breathing
Thunderbolt in the skies early
Saturday morning.

Fast. Pretty and Fast

After that she decided her tale
could be told.
"My husband and I were sitting
long on our front porch the night
of July 5. Sat on a quarter to 9
o'clock we saw this thing. Our
front porch doesn't have a second
and we were sitting near the
edge! We could see good.
“We saw it first. It was not hight
it looked like it was right above
the trees. 'Looks there,” he
ing to me. “Looka, there!”
It took.
“it looked like the top part
of a floor lamp and it was tilted
and passing over our— Lexus it
must that in back of it came the
fire, have been 50 miles an hour,
at least.”
And now.
“If there's a 'tana’ under heaven,
Whiteid, Ala., and jonna
fmblet, it was a 'tana'.
“Well, they're coming today,
trooping back a picture of
that Thing.

---

Please note that there may be errors in this transcription for a few reasons: parts of the text are blurry and difficult to read, the text runs off the edge of the page, and there are handwritten annotations. The content is from a period in which the public reported numerous sightings of unidentified flying objects, often with colorful descriptions and speculative explanations.