The image does not contain any photograph. It is a textual document with typewritten text and no images. Here is the transcription of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

                     H E A D Q U A R T E R S
            331ST AIR FORCE BASE UNIT (RES TNG)
                   STOUT FIELD, INDIANAPOLIS 6, INDIANA

AF3311

SUBJECT: Report on "Flying Disc"

TO:     Commanding General
        Air Material Command
        Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
        Dayton, Ohio
        ATTN: TDEMI

        In accordance with AAF letter 45-5, subject: Reporting of in-
formation on "Flying Discs", dtd 23 March 1948, the following report is
hereby submitted:

        (1) Sighted at approximately 0825 hours on 31 July 1948 in
            the South central part of the city of Indianapolis, Ind.
        (2) Sky was clear at time of sighting.
        (3) Witnessed by Mr. and Mrs. [REDACTED]
            Indianapolis, Indiana. He is an electrician.
        (4) No photographs available.
        (5) Sketch of object attached.
            Object sighted:
            (a) One (1)
            (b) Shaped like a symbol with smooth surfaces,
            (c) Approximately twenty (20) ft in diameter at the
                base and approximately six (6) feet to eight (8) ft
                in height at center. White in color.
            (d) Appeared to be flat with no about 3ft.
            (e) Travelling extremely fast, crossing the sky in a
                second, flying (57) miles in approximately (10)
                or about 17 miles/min. or approximately 1020 mi/hr.
            (f) Heading ninety degrees (90°).
            (g) Object maintained a level course and shimmered in the
                sun giving the appearance of spinning.
            (h) Altitude of the object estimated at approximately two
                thousand (2000) feet.
            (i) Made no discernable sound.
            (j) No exhaust trail.

            Housewife was standing by open bathroom window, which
faces East, and was shaving when attracted by the object
in the sky. Could n't believe his own eyes so he rushed
into adjoining kitchen and showed wife the object through
kitchen window facing South. The bright stainless chrome
spot appeared large enough to carry one person. No ex-
traordinary radio or TV interference observed by witnesses.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Note that some information seems to be redacted, and the sketch that is mentioned is not present in the provided image.