The image appears to be a scanned page of a document, but there is no photograph present in this image.

The text in the document is as follows:

---

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

(This line is unreadable due to poor scan quality)
23 March 1954

SUBJECT: Additional Information Desired
TO: Commanding Officer
3525th Pilot Training Wing (ATC)
Williams AFB, Arizona
ATTENTION: Maj. Homer D. Boren
(Direct Communicational is Authorized)

1. Information obtained does not call for the recovery
of ANG balloon No. ###, launched 28 October 1949, nevertheless, due to inability
of station to furnish master file card on each unrecovered balloon, this
headquarters is unable to determine status of this specific balloon. It is desired
therefore, that following is accomplished. 
a. Interview all available individuals who possess any personal knowledge
concerning the missing balloon. Individuals to be interviewed are to include all
company grade officers assign[unreadable] the project, i.e., officer in charge of 
tracking crews and those crews assigned thereto, in addition to member of
the administrative section. A careful check should be made as to records and
correspondence concerning arrangements for launching, tracking, and recovery
facilities, etc., and submit that portion pertinent to failure to recover balloon. 
b. As additional items which are deemed significant sppara [There seems to be a typo in the original document here as "significant sppara" does not make sense], these should be
forwarded with the report.

2. A brief description of recovery methods utilized by your station as applied
to ANG balloons should be included in the report. Any deviations from normal
procedures should be carefully noted together with reasons thereof.

(Everything below this point is either very blurred or cutoff, making it unreadable.)

---

Please note that due to the poor quality of the scan, some parts of the text were not clearly readable, especially where indicated with [unreadable] or the possible presence of a typo.