The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Below is a transcription of the text shown in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

civilian, Plummer Night Jr., was interviewed by A N N R T T W, Field 
Investigator. He related that he and one Tyrone Timms, civilian, were on 
the easterly end of Sandia Field, Albuquerque, New Mexico. They heard an 
aircraft at 2315 hours, 5 December 1948, but saw no aircraft until 2320 hours. 
Nine M-25's, in a C-47 type airplane at an altitude of 9,000 feet, with a 
compass heading of 272 degrees, on a 5? descent, and traveling at a slightly 
faster speed than normal, saw a bright object which did not reflect any light 
from their aircraft, and in the midst of the Montanas has acted as a change 
course with a sharp approach and with a violent flash, at 400 feet from the 
planes when which was described as being disc-shaped, cream colored. This 
object at first appeared to be soundless but when within approximately, a 
thousand feet distance from the observers it emitted a shrill whistle type hum. 
The aircraft observers succeeded in turning their craft around, the object 
then suddenly soared and its maneuver outmaneuvered the experienced pilot, 
it then for only a few seconds zoomed to 10000 feet and could not be sighted or 
tracked by the observers. Both VAN LLOYD and SMITH were of the opinion 
than it would have been impossible for anyone in the passenger compartment 
to have observed this phenomenon. Mr. GEYER stated that as far as he 
could observe this object and added that to the best of his knowledge all 
of the passengers were asleep.

NOTE: It is to be noted that there is a discrepancy in the color of the 
UFO observed that was reported from the cited interview.

5. On 9 December 1948, Colonel WILLIAM E. BATES, Infstaffr, 
Civilian Components Affairs Officer, HQ Fourth Military District, was 
interviewed in his office, by Carl Harges, 4125th AAF Base Unit, 
Kirtland field, in New Mexico. This interview was conducted by 1st Lt
J.V. BAAL, Inf., AGf Corps, and the result was, Colonel Bates had 
seen the phenomenon himself a year and half before on July 1947. 
He states he had just relieved the previous sentry of Tinninin Inn, 
(over)
sandia base park itself. This occurred in the early hours of Thanksgiving 
evening. The phenomenon appeared to be approximately 7000 or 8000 feet 
feet above the ground when at first observed and descended slowly and 
finally hit a lower than suggested speed, the altitude, the object, then acted
totally like a typical and a man-made aircraft only it is silver, flat and more 
than mile long. Upon reaching a point exactly two hundred feet above 
the surface of the terrain, the object stopped to an episode although no 
marks were apparent Colonel BATES jumped onto his automobile and went to 
pursue the object, at the same time considering an identification, this 
was said to his taking place in the area when aircraft activity, was still 
not yet permitted, at this time the phenomenon assumed a fiery red, 
color and descended low and with little warning spark by bolic of extinguished 
before touching the ground, Colonel BATES stated that he was on this 
job 22 years the army and 10 years and never had witnessed anything 
that he admits was planted by a hoax. Colonel BATES did not express the 
cause or investigate further.

Colonel BATES advised that on or about 3:37 on 5 November 1948, 
at again on 23 November 1948, he observed similar phenomena as date
cited previously. These observations were in the same vicinity of the 
original phenomenon in January 1946, maps attach, in New Mexico. All three of these incidents occurred as approximately 2200 hours. Col. BATES

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10