The image provided does not contain any photographs to describe. It is a page of text from a document. Here is the text as an OCR output:

---

Lt. Col. Doyle Rees

UNCLASSIFIED January 6, 1949

5. In addition to the men personally interviewed at Stations 340, 350, and
350, a telephone conversation was held with 1st _____________, who
had also heard the noise noises at Station 350. According to _________,
he first heard the noise (identified as the airplane motor or a Cub) at approximately 2010, at which time the noise to him seemed to be almost directly overhead at Station 350. The plane (noise) seemed to orbit this position for approximately 2 minutes, and then the plane (noise) slowly receded toward the northeast and continued to orbit at very low elevation in this direction for approximately another 38 minutes.

6. On the basis of all the interviews held, the following summarizing statements can be made;

6.1. Each man interrogated was asked if at any other time during
his experience he had heard such as noise as was heard on the night of
December 30. Without exception, all answers to this question were in the
negative.

6.2. Although six of the eleven observers interposed, in one way
or another, associated the term groan sounds with airplane noises, only
questioning each man detailed that in certain respects the noise heard
was unlike any plane noises he had ever heard. It was quite apparent that
the men were attempting to describe very unusual sounds in terms of those
familiar noises with which, as former Air Force flyers, they were best
acquainted.

6.3. Since Weather Bureau reports indicate that the under surface of
the overcast blanketing the Los Alamos area was at an elevation of approximately 13,000 feet, the identification of the noises as airplane motor
noises of a Cub type plane is obviously improvised, This improvisation by
radar observers would in all of themselves be nil, although they had
estimated the under surface of the overcast to lie at a height of not more
than 10,000-12,000 feet.

6.4. The existence of the overcast at once suggests the possibility
that the noises observed were really surface noises originating in the
operation of heavy machinery and reflected from the overlying cloud layer
in such fashion as to simuity sounds of aerial origin. It is stated above
that that this possibility has been exhaustively investigated and is
definitely ruled out. No heavy machines and none of the tanks stationed
in the Los Alamos area were in operation during the interval when the
noises were heard.

6.5. Another possibility which occurred to nearly everyone who heard
the noises was that instead of originating in a low-flying Cub type plane,
the sounds had their origin in a heavier motor period planes flying above the
overcast, and possibly low. That this hypothesis is regarded as inadmissable
for several reasons. In the first place, all F-80 aircraft at 3700th Flight
Test at 3700th AAF Base Unit at Eniwetok were virtually on the line at[End of visible text]

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
---

Note: The text may contain redactions or incomplete sentences because this is a photocopied document, and the original text may have had portions that were redacted or not fully legible.