The image contains no photographs, only text. Below is the text extracted from the document:

---
TEXAS OBSERVERS
AMATEUR ASTRONOMY

OSCAR E. MONNK
1010 Morningside Dr.
FORT WORTH 3, TEXAS

Confidential, not to be circulated
1948, March 5.

Commanding General,
Air Materials Command,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio.

attn. Major W. A. Adams (CIA)

Dear Sir;

I should be very glad to talk with you when you
stop by toward end of month, if I'm in town. I
probably shall be, but, sometimes this time of the year
I go on my Venezuelan trips.

Meanwhile, the radiant, the Fireball of Feb. 15,
2300 MST. C.U.T., over northern Mojave, I can now by the 19
see no reason to believe that this object was a normal daylight
thing. It did not maintain a just a dead cloud and in all
probabliity demonstrated itself just beyond the sun's (final point.
I can not place any Lateral change here with clarity on map,
nor recount play among coordinated and new colored sightings
supplied who was there to report and the newspaper
editor at Morton.

The azimuth maximum (direction of fill was projected
to a ground arc of filament 11 with north 700 East. The
the (cone) of ascent with the horizontally merely 500 yards
of but was probably 300 or less. The visible and point and
cloud collision was nearly over Page 27, a little town near 
that location. This is abstract only as I can always
be reached by and sub-fill is one of those aberration things
dealing with objects falling. The investigation also falls
in with the light part of cycle in mists, but I think the tale 
escalation higher up nor off the honest count of cotton.

March 6. In matter of Winslow, Ariz., Feb 20 (the trip
to and particular to time example I wish to watch for crop marks,
this had the horizonal aspect as same quantity. This so
much was for light rated on to the map place, but this
this - not luminescent nor static exchange. A disc, but shock-
wave affecting days, as was strong for meteoritic with
it no success. Personal, Individual searches are normally
economically practical in such cases, but in this instance I
might yield a result.
---