There are no photographs on this page. The page consists of newspaper article clippings. Below is the text from the document:

---

Fiery Wheel
Now Believed
War Souvenir

The mysterious "flaming wheel" which crashed to earth near Bellefontaine, O., Friday night amid a shower of flame and smoke was made in the U. S. A., "Wright-Field" authorities believed today.

Probability is over a souveniring an Air Materiel Command (AMC) spokesman commented this morning. Investigation through the investigation is not yet completed.

It indicates also that the fragments are those of a wartime Navy and Air Force type used by the flame rate, of the crews. It was of the type customarily fired by a Very pistol, it is understood.

City of the "flaming wheel" at East Liberty Friday night caused Considerable excitement.

Witnesses said the "wheel" continued to burn after striking the ground. Patrolmen Murray Reiner investigated and tried to pick up the object. His hands, his badge, found in them, the material. [Text cuts off]

Indications are that the war souvenir had been fired by a private citizen, probably a veteran.

---

AIR BASE TO STUDY OBJECT

Police Seek Answer
to Fiery Wheel From Sky

BELLEFONTAINE, O.—(UP)—Police sent the remains of a “Flaming Wheel” that fell out of the sky to Wright-Patterson Air Base in the hope of solving the mystery.

The flaming object hurtled out of the sky last night and crashed in a residential section.

[STICK IN x] [section]

Fiery Wheel
From the Sky
Scares Town

Bellefontaine, Ohio, Dec. 4 (UP). – Police today sent the remains of a “flaming wheel” that fell out of the sky to Wright-Patterson Air Base in the hope of solving the mystery.

Police tonight sent remains of the “fiery wheel” that fell out of the sky to Wright-Patterson Air Base in the hope of solving the mystery.

Four Bellefontaine citizens and [Text cuts off]

---

IT LIGHTED the entire area and smoked out 50-by-fifty tents. It also scared most pedestrians back.

Police Chief A. D. Paden said the remains of the object looked like a tire rim of an airplane or automobible. He said the insides of the tire rim were incised in what “appears to be mysterious handwork.”

He said the condition of the salvaged bits of metal indicated one object had been subjected to exceptionally high heat.

At Wright Field, meanwhile, Col. C. W. Welch, public relations officer, said field officials were anxious to examine the remains of the object.

He said he knew of no experiments being conducted at the field that could supply an answer to the mystery.

---

Please note that due to the quality of the clipping, some words or parts of the text may have been obscured or cut off, making it difficult to decipher the exact text in those places.