The image presented is a page that appears to be a typed document. There are no photographs on this page. I will now act as an OCR system and reproduce the text from the document:

---
S T A T E M E N T

Statement made by [REDACTED], Telescope Demonstrator, Griffith Park
Observatory, [REDACTED] Los Feliz Station, Los Angeles, California; home
address, [REDACTED], Los Angeles 43, California. Statement taken
By Special Agent William O. Spruill, 23 September 1948.

"I this object in question was first noted by myself at approximately 6:30
p.m. Pacific Daylight Time, 21 July 1948, while I was leaving the East Relo-
scope Dome, Griffith's Observatory. It had an altitude of about 60 degrees
and an azimuth, from the south point, of about 225 degrees or nearly as I
could tell. When I last observed the object about 8:30 P.M. Pacific Daylight
Time, the altitude, I would judge, was about 40 degrees and the azimuth
about 100 degrees. The object appearing in a westerly direction. It
then this latter time, it had apparently made a big right curve. As a very
say when the object was first observed the azimuth would be 240 degrees
close observed, my estimate at about 60 degrees, azimuth would naturally
be less than main body of the object was an excellent reflector of sunlight and
apparently it was composed of some sort of translucent material such as fibre
glass or kite like. Suspended from the bottom was a rectangular metallic
appearing disc appearing to be gold in color, and hung from the disc was a
long taper end or snake the length of which I am not able to determine. The just
appeared to have ribs running vertically down the side of the main body. Up-
on a sharper examination with which 12" telescope, the object appeared to
have a simple screw type gear near the metal portion hanging downwards. The
object, I observed a light near any construction on the object such as ridges
or anything resembling a power plant of any sort. The object was magnified,
125 times through the telescope. I would judge the altitude of the object to
was approximately 20,000 feet. The object was in perfect sunlight
even after the sun set because of its altitude. When observing this object, it
was at times so brilliant that it was hard to continue looking through the
telescope at it. I presume this was due to the reflection of the sunlight,
off of the object on to the telescope. During the course the object traversed,
it maintained a very definite size and had all appearances of being very
maneuvering in any way. Occasionally the object appeared to twist and the
rectangular metallic disc would present itself as a knife edge, indicating
that the disc was flat with no thickness. I lost sight of the object at about
8:30 P.M. after dark which indicates to me that the object was not generating
its own light. I do not know of anyone who photographed or made drawings of
the object or personally observed it. I observed no exhaust trails, heard
no sound, nor detected any odors with relation to the object."

[signature]
--- 

Please note that the quality of the text from the document provides some challenges due to artifacts and portions of words being obscured. The text is an approximation and there are several words and letters that were illegible or unclear.