The image is a scanned document page and does not contain any photographs. I’ll now transcribe the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Maxwell Flight Service Center made a long distance call to Franklin, 
Kentucky and spoke to police officer Joe Walker, who took charge at the 
scene of the accident.

"Officer Walker stated that when he arrived the pilots body had been 
removed from the aircraft. Upon questioning eye witnesses, Officer Walker
learned that the aircraft had exploded in the air before it hit the ground, 
but, that the aircraft did not burn upon contact with the ground.

"The wreckage was scattered over an area of about one mile, and at that 
time the tail section, one wing, and the propeller had not been located.

"Lt Tyler, Operations Officer at Standiford Field, departed Standiford 
Field for Bowling Green, Kentucky in NC 61010 to investigate the accident - 
Also at our suggestion an investigation party and Military Police were dis-
patched from Godman Field to the scene.

"So much for the accident - now hold on to your hat!

"Godman Tower again contacted us to report that there was a large light 
in the sky in the approximate position of the object seen earlier. Then 
Lockbourne Towe and Clinton County Tower advised a great ball of light was 
traveling southwest across the sky.

"We then contacted Olmsted Flight Service Center and gave them all the 
information available to deliver to the Air Defense Command at Mitchel Field, 
Hempstead, New York.

"Later we received a call from St Louis Tower advising that a great ball 
of light was passing directly over the field - Scott Tower also verified this.

We then received a call from Air Defense Command through Olmsted Flight 
Service Center advising us to alert Coffeyville, Kansas, Ft Smith, Arkansas, 
and Kansas City, Missouri, and that they had plotted the object as moving 
WSW at 250 miles per hour.

"We then received information from Maxwell Flight Service Center that a 
Dr. Seyfert, an astronomer at Vanderbilt University, had spotted an object,
SSW of Nashville, Tennessee that he identified as a pear shaped balloon with 
cables and a ballast attached, moving first SSE, then W, at a speed of 10 miles 
per hour at 25,000 feet. This was observed between 1500C and 1515C.

"Olmsted Flight Service Center then advised us to instruct Godman Field 
to forward a complete report of the whole incident to Air Defense Command at 
Mitchel Field, Hempstead, New York as soon as possible.

"The Military Police at the scene of the accident called back and ad-
vised Godman Field that someone at Madisonville, Kentucky had observed, throuh 
a 3 inch telescope an object described as a cone shaped, 100 feet from top to 
bottom, 45 feet across, and 4 miles high proceeding SW at 10 miles per hour.

UNCLASSIFIED

24
``` 

Please note that due to the nature of the document being a scan, there might be slight inaccuracies.