The image provided appears to be a photocopied document and does not contain any distinct photographs.

The text in the document is as follows:

```
TEXAS OBSERVERS
AMATEUR ASTRONOMY
OSCAR E. MONNIG
1010 Morningside Dr.
FORT WORTH.3, TEXAS

1948, March 6.

Commanding General,
Fourth Air Force,
Hamilton Air Force Base,
Fairfield-Suisun, 
California.

attn. Major W. H. Printz (CIA)

Dear Sir:

I should be very glad to talk with you when you
stop by Dallas my office on March 13th, if I'm in town. I
probably shall be, but, sometimes, this time of the year I
get out on weekends trips.

Normally, I'd said, as I did in the fireball of Feb. 18, 1948,
over S.W. U.S., over northern New Mex.I can say there is
some reason to believe that this object was a novel day light
entrance meteor, designated as just a cloud in all
reports. The only immediately left but beyond the sub-visual point.
I do not know any correlation made with other witnesses,
nor accounts plus those corresponded only as far as my newspaper
file field who have the S.F. reports and the newspaper
editor at Norton.

The symphysis azimuth (direction of flight as projected
on the ground) of a fireball with northward 700 stat.
mi. (some of) ascent with the horizontally best rightly assaying
this last was probably 300° or less. The visible and point and
final conclusion was nearly over Page, Arizona a little over
2,500 ([...]) from this last point 270° as at 26 km. mins
(it was not more vertical than one Heavy Bomber abandons
in hand and sub-fall: height or investigation some climb 
or the station but what west of Clovis, New Mex, but it isn't in the
localities however north of the mountain of conformable.

Dec. 5. I witness of Winslow, Ariz; told a news
in particular to time stamped ample to watch from ramparts,
as this is these isolated and is and no up plasma I as an
orbital juxtaposition was to the maximum, while the shock 
wave due to one organizational casing for feed-back, a C.I. But,
with Buchanan, Kansas, was threatens for the arc which to
the starting days, did a B-29 to seize the region at once but with
almost no success. Personal, Individual searches are normally 
astronomically practical in such cases, but in this instance I
don't might yields a result.
```

Please note that due to the quality of the photocopy, a few words may not be transcribed with 100% accuracy, and there are some areas in the text where words are unclear, indicated by "[...]" where legibility is compromised.