There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Below is the text output as requested:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED

had used Airport Communications, on duty at the time of interview, he interviewed collectively and informed briefly of the type of reports desired and the necessity for reporting such incidents immediately to Mr. TILMAN.

5. On 3 December 1948, Lt. JOSEF A. TILMAN, 1st Lt. C. FRANCIS, Mr. C. TULLEY, and Mr. RUF M. WILLIAMS, Aircraft Communications, Geckly and Municipal Airports, Las Vegas, New Mexico, were interviewed collectively. All of the Army/Airforce being conversant with small, ordinary, natural phenomena. None of these men had received previous reports of this nature. All of these men agreed to maintain this information on a discreet basis and to handle the information as being classified. Permission was granted to these four communicators by their the two communicators absent at this time were to receive the information desired. The two men absent were listed as Mr. LUTHER L. SCHULTZ and ROBERT E. TOME. The four communicators interviewed stated that the only lights flying at Municipal Airport, Las Vegas, were their two commercial airlines and one's there's. FLYING DUTCHMAN Continental Airlines. It was pointed out that a Mr. LLOYD MILLER, Owner of a flying school located on Municipal Airport was this approached for night flights and was not authorized to conduct his students to fly at night. It was further reported that a TEXACO TRAVEL AGENCY drone at a Piper Cub Cruiser used for advertising purposes in the vicinity of Las Vegas was not licensed to fly at night.

6. On 3 December 1948, Mr. KELLY K. NESMITH, Manager, Pioneer Airlines, Municipal Airport, Las Vegas, New Mexico, was interviewed in reference to unusual aerial phenomena. Mr. NESMITH was informed that he the inception of rumors driving on Las Vegas telegraph and that with this description of a report from one of his Pioneer Pilots (name unknown) had heard of no unusual incidents regarding large or lights in the sky on and around the Las Vegas area. Mr. NESMITH stated that he would stay on the lookout for uh report to either any future information on such pilots or crew members on Pioneer Airlines but added that he did not feel like contributing in his two administration since they were very youthful and would undoubtedly disclose information regarding this investigation. Mr. NESMITH stated that a Mr. S. T. ENGLAND, home address, 1001 Sixth Street, Las Vegas, Manager of Continental Airlines was reportedly out of town on training as of return on Friday, 10 December 1948. Mr. NESMITH upon being requested to do so, stated he would immediately ban if it occurred to the nature of reports desired, and would dispose Mr. NESMITH as to the confidential classification of this information. Mr. NESMITH concluded by stating that any information he obtained, and information gathered by Mr. SNOWDEN, would be reported to the CICDET at Clovis for subsequent transmittal to the proper investigative agency.

7. On 3 December 1948, Mr. WILLIAM STRAFATA, Manager, Santa Fe National Forest Service, Federal Post Office Building, Las Vegas, New Mexico, was interviewed reference possible previous reports of unusual aerial phenomena. Mr. STRAFATA stated this and no time in the past were his authority or knowledge an unknown lights or objects to approach any unusual flying incidents occurring circumstances of this nature. Mr. STRAFATA said he would report any flying incidents of this type to Mr. LUCK in Santa Fe, for subsequent transmittal to the investigative agency concerned.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
```
