The image shows a newspaper clipping with the headline "Two Fliers Cling To Story Of Observing Sky Monster." There are no photographs in this image. Below is the text from the document:

---
TODAY'S WEATHER
CINCINNATI AND VICINITY:
Increasing cloudiness and warmer with scattered thun-dershower, high about 90; clearing and cooler tonight.

THE CINCINNATI ****
108TH YEAR NO. 108—DAILY. Copyright, 1948

MONDAY MORN

Two Fliers Cling To Story
Of Observing Sky Monster
BOTH AIRMEN
Scoff At Theory
It Was Meteor, Comet
Or Army Balloon

Giant Sighted Over South
Described as 'Glowing'
Made By Man.

Atlanta, July 25—(UP)—Two army B29 Super-fortress pilots reported seeing a huge flame-throwing rocket over Alabama yesterday but insisted stoutly today that what they saw was a man-made flying machine. They added they would recognize the same monster again if they saw it.

This time they'll be armed with still and movie cameras in case the giant craft returns to American skies.

Capt. Clarence S. Chiles, Atlanta, and Co-Pilot John B. Whitted, Savannah, Ga., claimed they saw the needle-like ship, a wingless affair, four times the engines size of a B29 jet plane, on a routine flight from Houston, Tex., early yesterday to Birmingham.

"They say not to investigate strange things. That they handle themselves either it might have been a meteor or comet, reached army radar observation balloons, SCOFFS BALLOON THEORY

The two air Force pilot flatly sc*** when the Air Force hit off suggested said, he had written the idea out of the spacious, and pencils, Captain's mystery.

Their argument Whitted was as follows said the "a monster of the size of the Lions" and of Georgia, Alabama, who to the pilot, Lieutenant Colonel declared he was the third man's (missing text) that "it was definitely not a balloon."

Chiles was also sure that it was not a meteor or comet. He self was made" and the shape or liner was definitely jet-prop, Chiles --- it was more than a jet size.

"From the size of those windows each up the windows "were all lighted." "You could see right through them. You *** easy see the object silhouetted and facilities pilot related.

Windows Not Quite Round

Both agreed that they passed the ship within 15 feet and that they went about 170-50 feet going 170-180.

They will leave for Meridian on the same flight route tomorrow morning, they will have Westover probable where they will be over their about east and the plan to take that Christensen Aires. Is a camera, the movie camera and also a still camera.

Chiles said he had a camera to the window very good the wreckage better Saturday but that it was "too dark in the ship and they couldn't get the lens in time.

Only one of the plane's passengers is on board and the pilot at the time, he saw a "weakness to light" at the time, he was accompanied. Now at the time Pilita C. McCaf fery (ciswible) Lowell Air force, to McAfee out he's, commanding Ohio Chiles also had a camera, on a average ground lens set.

Above the picture.

---