There is no photograph present in the image provided. It appears to be a typed document page. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

---
Lt. Col. Doyle Rees -3- January 5, 1949 UNCLASSIFIED

5. In addition to the men personally interviewed at Stations 30, 350, and 300, a telephone conversation was held with Inspector [Blank] who had also heard the anomalous noises at Station 500. According to [Blank] he first heard the noise (identified as the airplane motor of a Cub) + approximately 210, at which time it had risen to a shrill howl as if directly overhead at Station 350. The plane (noise) seemed to orbit this position for approximately 2 minutes, and then the plane (noise) slowly receded toward the northeast and continued to orbit at very low elevation in this direction for approximately another 33 minutes.

6. On the basis of all the interviews held, the following summarizing statements can be made:

6.1. Each man interrogated was asked if at any other times during his experience he had heard an odd noise as were heard on the night of December 30. Without exception, all answers to this question were in the negative.

6.2. Although six of the seven observers interrogated, in one way or another, associated the anomalouss [sic] sounds with airplane noises, heard virtually daily at this installation. Outside of this as the odd noise were the only airplane sounds heard [1 word illegible] It was quite apparent that these men being all long time members of Regular Forces in the army troops were familiar with the usual noises with which, as former Air Force Flyers, they were best acquainted.

6.3. King Weather Bureau reports indicate that the under surface of the overcasts blanketing the Los Alamos area was at an elevation of approximately 13,000 feet, the identification of the noises observed with motor noises of a Cub type plane is obviously impossible. Although bomber had already occurred to all of the interrogators, this impossibility established that our first place off the overcast to lie at a height of not less than 11,000-12,000 feet.

6.4. The existence of the aircraft at once suggests the possibility that the noises observed were really surface noises originating in the operation of heavy machinery and reflected from the overlying cloud layer in such fashion as to simulate sounds of aerial origins. It is however definite that this possibility has been thoroughly investigated and it is his data fully rules out. No heavy machines and none of the tank stationed in the Los Alamos area were in operation during the interval when the noises were heard.

6.5. Another possibility which occurred to early overcons who heard the noises was that instead of originating in low-flying Cub type planes, they must have had their origin in a high motor aircraft plane flying above the overcast and necessarily lost. The hypothesis is predicated as to reasonable general reasons, the Cub type planes are not the only type of [text is cut off]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10 UNCLASSIFIED
---

The document contains some illegible words and ends with a text cut off at the bottom of the page.