There are no photographs present in the image provided. It is a document with text only. Below is the transcription of the text contained in the document:

---

TEXAS OBSERVERS
Amateur Astronomy
1010 Morrison Dr
Ft. Worth 3, Texas

1947 May 15

Commanding General
Wright-Patterson Base
Dayton, Ohio

Attn: Maj. M. W. Faulk (WIAA)

Dear Sir:

While there was never any doubt in my mind, I can now report to you finally that there is tangible proof that the fireball of Feb. 13 over Northern Kansas was just that, inasmuch as meteorites have been recovered from it.

These were found beginning Apr 24. First several smaller fragments up to 1/2-1/2 pounds came to light. Then a distributed not in a clover field lad to the digging up of a piece of some 100 pounds about two feet in the soil.

You can get details from the preliminary reports I forwarded you to before. Also Prof. H. H. Nininger made the normal initial survey, Dr. L. La Paz came in later and got most of the thing wrapped up and agreed to, and Bowen wrote of their of them for details or confirmation. To date, Von could well answer secondarily, a technical curve for curve the type is listed as 12. It is reported to be of a type which will deteriorate rapidly, of heavy meteorite, some sand many of its own.

Incidentally, when we talked together you may recall that I asked you whether you could help me locate a former Cnb. Al Norris. Trouble yourself no further, as I found him by inquiry thru ordinary channels.

Now I'll seek you error favor. In some possible work in area containing iron meteorites, I could use a metal detector weekly. I have been checking into the types of units the Army had left and sadly, I am told that they had two AN/PRS-2, and a tweezed 3 out. Halfway the same, confused that these are nice detectors, we could that there will be information on these (instructions, etc.), and who helps on it that other semi available? I have located two surplus outfits who sell these, but am wondering if the Army or the War Assets has any more.

Sincerely,
Oscar Monnig

---