The image you provided contains a scan of a document with two newspaper clippings regarding a UFO sighting. There are no photographs present in the image; however, there is text from the clippings. Here's the text from the image:

---

The following article taken from "DAILY NEWS" Los Angeles, Calif Thursday, July 22, 1948.

Silver Sphere
Deflated as
Sky Mystery

It was "almost like with the flying disks all over again after Queens started yesterday. The Miramar. Big Bear Valley residents.
"It is it that pear-shaped thing following the sun?" they wanted to know.
Then loudlanders looking up the aquasmoky canyons, took up the wail. Sheriff's and newspaper switchboards by the hundreds rang the silver-whipped streak as of afternoon wore into eve-
ning, the silver sphere retracted. By thousands of neck-craning Southerlanders whist it moved slowly in a northeasterly direction.

Astral Visitor Identified
A.T. Wilson Dr. Robert S. Richardson, solar observer, reflected that he had scanned the object as it passed nearly overhead on its leisurely course seaward. George Abel, Griffith Observatory aerialist, also reported following the sphere by telescope.
The consensus, "Some out by the Weather Bureau forecast center at Los Angeles Airport at AM, local geographical time."
The balloons are supposed to burst at high elevations after air information during their ascent.
This one apparently developed a slow leak, and sank back to red earth weathermen said.
As general warming of the had-
begins hovering over Los Ang-

The following article taken from the "LOS ANGELES TIMES" Thursday Morning, July 22 1948

WM stirs ghosts
of the flying discs

Memories of the flying disc phenomenon were revived just night as 150 persons swamped hot the fire department switchboards with telephone calls reporting a mysterious silver object soaring over Los Angeles.
With the experience of that frenzied time a year ago behind them, the police calmly checked around until they got word from the Mount Wilson Observatory that the mysterious silver object was a weather balloon.
The reports reaching police from citizens described the balloon as cutting, dropping, stalling still, shooting across the sky, and moving north, east, south, and west.
Mr. Wilson informed the police that the balloon was drifting slowly with the wind in a westerly direction and had evidently been released in the vicinity of Big Bear Lake.

---

Please note that due to the quality of the scan, the text may contain inaccuracies or be incomplete.