The image provided appears to be a photocopy of a typewritten document with some handwritten annotations, but doesn't contain photographs. Here's the text:

---

1. At 15,000 feet, Lt. Clements, the right wingman, put on his oxygen
mask and began breathing oxygen. (Exhibit #)

Captain Mantell, the Flight Leader and Lt., Clemmons, the left
wingman, did not have oxygen or oxygen masks. (Exhibit #:)

2. At 13,000 feet, Lt. Clements attempted to pull Lt. Close to the flight
leader and signal him with hand signals to listen out on Channel
D (Exhibit #)

3. Captain Mantell had at no time signaled for a change over to "B"
Basic Channel which is customary procedure for the Flight leader,
(Exhibit #)

4. At 20,000 feet, Lt. Clements advised Captain Mantell in most definite
terms that Stamford had a message and wanted him to shift his
receiver to relay their position to Flight Service to which Captain
Mantell replied "Roger". (Exhibit #)

A few minutes later, Captain Mantell called the flight a second
time to a city at his an airport beside it, which was identified by Lt.
Clements as Bowling Green. (Exhibit #)

5. At approximately 20,000 feet, Captain Mantell missed the Flight
Station to "go on jet at 1200 o'clock.) (check) and as
he mentioned something about going to 25,000 feet for 10 minutes.
(Exhibit #)

6. At 22,500 feet, Lt. Clements advised Flight Leader that he was
breaking out to lead the other wingmen back to Standiford Field,
wherever, his transmission was not acknowledged by Captain Mantell.
(Exhibit #) 

Throughout the later stages of this climb, Lt. Hammond was signaling
that he was having trouble due to the lack of oxygen and requested
descend to a lower altitude. (Exhibit #)

At the time Lt. Clements and Lt. Hammond broke off from the right,
(22,500) Captain Mantell, was observed climbing directly into the
sun. (Exhibit #)

7. From 23,000 feet on, the point at which the two Wingmen left,
the Clements had to use full power to maintain his position in the
formation (Exhibit #)

The last radio contact with Captain Mantell was at 20,000 feet and
for all appearances he seemed to have the aircraft under
perfect control. (Exhibit #)

8. Captain Mantell's aircraft was next observed by Williams O. Mayes, a
civilian in from Franklin, Kentucky, circling and after about three
circuits started into a "power dive" slowly rotating. (Exhibits 6 and7)

--- 

(Please note that some words may not be completely accurate due to the quality of the image and the possible presence of artifacts or distortions in the document.)