There are no photographs present in the image provided. Below is the unaltered text as requested:

Incident: 225

Colonel █ first observed an unusual aerial phenomena during the
latter part of 1947. This occurred in the vicinity of Vaughn, N. M.,
when phenomena appeared approximately 400-500 ft above the ground.
The first one appeared was glowing, slowly and steadily in a vertical
manner toward the earth. It appeared slightly larger than a basketball,
bright white in color like a miniature sun. As a point approximately
200 feet above the surface of the earth, the object appeared to explode
although no noise was apparent. By this time the Colonel had stopped
his automobile and had gotten out to watch the object. No explosion
or disintegration appeared to be taking place some 30 to 60 yards
distant and still no noise was noticed. At this time the fragments
assumed a fiery red color and descended toward the ground in numerous
embers being extinguished before touching the earth. Life time was
Col █ was on Highway 60, near a railroad and separated from the
vicinity where the fragments were landing by a fence. He did not cross
the fence or investigate further.

On 3 or 4 Nov 48 at approximately 2130 hours he observed a ball of
light, reddish white in color, 1 foot in diameter, falling vertically.
The ball burst 10-20 feet from the ground in a spray of reddish color
which extinguished before reaching the ground - this occurred about 10°
yards north of the road on which he was driving - 10 miles east of
Vaughn, N. M. - Highway 60.

On 23 Nov 48 at approximately 2130 hours, Col █ was driving east
in Highway 60 - approximately 10 miles west of Vaughn, N. M. He again
observed a ball of light descending vertically. It burst 100-200 feet
from the ground. Conditions and appearance were the same as on 3 and
4th Nov.

Col █
On the last 2 sightings/saw no aircraft and heard no sound which is
understandable since he was traveling in a closed automobile. Weather
conditions were clear.

STATEMENT D-2,

See statement at 223. Signed

3