There are no photographs present in the image provided.

As requested, I will now transcribe the text in the document as an OCR system would:

```
C O P Y                              UNCLASSIFIED

                          THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO
                                  Albuquerque
                                        January 5, 1949

Institute of Meteoritics

To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees, Commanding Officer
    District No. 17
    Office of Special Investigations

From: Lincoln LaPaz, Director
      Institute of Meteorities
      
Subject: Report of Anomalous Sounds Observed by AESS personnel at Los Alamos
         on 1948, December 30

1. On 1949, January 5, Major E. L. Phillips, USAF, and the undersigned
under the guidance of Lt. Carl B. Rigthower, AESS, visited three of the four
stations at which anomalous sounds were heard during the nights of 28, 29,
December 30. In the present preliminary report, a summary of the pertinent
facts is given and, on the basis of azimuth and elevation readings between
the three stations where no sounds were heard simultaneously, an approximate
determination is made of the location of the sound sources in space.

2. At Station 340 statements were obtained from AESS inspectors Nm and
Nm and Nm according to which the first notice is approximately 2010 on
the night of 30/31 instant. To say sound thought was that their building
loomed up below them -- not right at their feet --is visible track to the door
and went to the door to make this customary inspection, only to find that the
roadway was empty. The second unidentified voice of the AESS ervers opened
the door and stepped outside. Repetition of their positions and conversations
timed with a stopwatch show that the sound endured approximately 7 seconds.
About 10 minutes later, at approximately 2020. this us situation occurred
again, both men rising from their chairs, opening the door, and stepping
outside only to discover that the roadway was again empty. A stopwatch,
determination for this case as aa duration more than 5 to 5 seconds. On the second repetition of the unusual sound for a considerably impression
on the inspectors involved and the matter was under discussion during the
half hour that elapsed before a bogey alarm came in over the communications
approximate by 2050. By this time, and second location 340 and the third
observation was made by and Nm the AESS, from to the inspectors,
the noise at and approximately 2050 was to establish a small milling
rushing to the nothing character, and running better, than willing to
identify the noise as less than to think, at the inspect the area, while both
suggest the sounds of a plane motor probably come closest to reorganisme
idea they heard. a stopwatch determination indicated a duration of 10-15
seconds for no aerial noise. Because the inspectors felt that their radio
monitoring determinations on position through sound and find sound to
a Pan American and an EAL via locations to each her and the previous
records an of to and Nm. Current the computations, approximate of
sound at 2050 was 350 47' and had elevations on -30 50', according

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;  
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS,   
DOD DIR 5200.10

                                                          UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the quality and clarity of the document image, some words or characters were obscured or not clearly legible, indicated with "Nm" for missing or illegible names, and other gaps in the transcription where the text is unclear.