The image you've provided is a text document; there are no photographs present. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

"Description of object as stated by Mr.

First sighting was at approximately 1125 on 30 June 1947. The object was thought to be a star. Being an amateur astronomer, it aroused the curiosity of Mr. because it was possible to see more characteristics to the object. It had a round appearance but was not sharply enough defined to positively state that the object was round. Upon observing the object for a short while, it appeared to change its shape having a tendency to flatten out in spots and then return to a round shape again. There was no definite pattern, size, or circular sections of shape of the object. The appearance indicated that it was a Forman at an attempt to retain a circular shape. The main tendency was toward roundness. The witness could not state whether or not the object had depth to it.

The object was viewed for approximately two hours. During that period of time the witnesses moved approximately 22 miles due north and then to a point approximately 13 miles west at an approximate 90° angle to the original direction of travel. The object remained in apparent constant position. At first sighting the object appeared at a compass heading of approximately 50°. At the last gazing the compass heading was 793°(?), lower by 5°. The vertical angle of sight remained constant at about 75° to 80°. The observation of the object and terrain memories, witnesses decided that the altitude of the object would be approximately 10 miles. The spot light and focals of the various sighting were as shown in the original correspondence and map. Mr. was rather excited at the times and positions originally listed were correct. Readings were checked against his wife's watch which was checked with radio time signal at 1730 that night, and found to be correct.

There was no change in appearance of the object except for an increase in size, until the last sighting at 1327 when the object started to break up. The object had a definite polished aluminum color and showed no dark or bright spots. Where the smaller object or lesser portion broke into the estimated diameter of the original was thought to be approximately 2000 to 5000 feet. Just prior to the breaking up of the mass, it took on a fuzzy appearance resembling a large cluster of golf balls in a round pyram. The mass seemed to take on a box shape. Suddenly one ball about 1/12th the size of the original mass dropped from the center of the mass to a distance about 10 times the original diameter of the mass and hung in space. Immediately, two balls of the same size as the first two mentioned took off to the right. However two balls repelled and came to a quick stop when they reached a distance from the center of the mass equal to the first. The large balls formed an inverted isometric triangle with the first ball in the center. There were slipet with trails visible from the three while assuming their new positions. Shortly thereafter the larger remaining mass tended to break up into equal thirds with the lower sections going downward and the upper section going up forming an upright triangle. During the breaking up of the central mass, a whitish haze was apparent toward the center of the triangle form some of the moving birds. Each third appeared to have two to three sides which appeared to be the size of aluminum specks. It took approximately 7 to" 

(The document is cut off and does not include the end of the text.)