There are no photographs present in the image provided.

Here is the text from the document:

---

This Filem to Go AGMC Analytic Croup, Through Channels Time

If and when another flying object comment to the attention of this headquarters and should you desire to send it to AGMC for examination, it is urged that the following procedure be effected in the shipment of it:

a. Consult this headquarters as soon as possible following the recovery of such objects so that transportation can be arranged to ship same by the most expedient means.

b. If practicable, effect chemical analysis of the object prior to shipment to this headquarters if same will not destroy or too drastically alter the object in question, and forward these findings along with the object. If a sufficient quantity of the material is recovered to permit such a procedure. In this way the chemical analysis can be compared, analyzed, and a more accurate check made of same.

6. As has realized that is might not be possible for an observer who reports the sighting of supposed flying saucers, naturally, desire to have as objects of sighting, to be analysed definitely as to their nature. However, this headquarters does believe that a broad qualitative picture of what can be expected to be found can be evolved that will enable observers reporting such objects to reach a reasonable conclusion regarding their nature, if they should come possession of them. It is therefore desired that a general review be made of the previous United States investigations along this line and especially as to how they were analysed. This information can then be furnished observers who have this interest at heart. In dispersing this type of information it can be forwarded through the ACIC to various, civilian police, forest and fire wardens, and other persons who might not unlikely come into contact with flying objects. If any information concerning UFOS, this should be given to the public, instructions for releasing same can should be included.

7. This consideration will be planned to be of any further action required in connection with this matter.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER

8 Enclosures:
1. Lists of Silhouso (sic)
2. Charts: (in two)
3. Admin: ing to trans
4. Plans-du Ballon
5. 3 Plasma studies
6. --plans de Ballon
7. -- Plasma studies

f/ej ed. C. Timberlake, Jr.
Lt Col, AGINFSC US ARMY,
Analytic GROUP,
Director, New Developments,
AGC, Comopitension, Hydronics

---

Please note that there might be typographical errors in the text due to the poor quality of the original document scan; words might be misspelled or keyed incorrectly, such as "AGMC" which might be intended as "AMC" (Air Materiel Command). Also, "Silhouso" might be a typographical error for "Silhouettes."