The photograph at the top of the page is of a landscape, possibly showing a rural or natural area with several dark shapes that may be trees or buildings in the distance. There is no clearly visible UFO or other distinct object in the photograph. 

Below is the text from the document, reproduced as requested:

----

STATE OF OHIO
COUNTY OF CLINTON

Before me, the undersigned authority for administering oaths of
this kind, personally appeared one James H. Hudson, Cpl, ASN 13220373
who, being first duly sworn by me, deposes and says:

Subject: Unidentified Flying Object.
Time: January 7, 1948, 1920 EST
Station: Clinton County Army Air Field, Wilmington, Ohio
Location: Wilmington, Ohio

Weather: The weather at the time was light scattered cumulus, with a haze towards the South West.

Statement: I, James H. Hudson, was on duty in the Control Tower at the time this object was sighted. It was called to our attention by the dispatcher in Operations. He asked us to see if it was an aircraft flare. We then looked at it with the field glasses. At the time first sighted, the object was white, then it turned red. There was only one object. The real shape of it could not be distinguished from this station til the object descended. When it did, the object took a form of a cone or up-side-down triangle (See Sketch "A"). When it climbed, it was right side up (See Sketch "B"). The above is to my observation and opinion the size of the object, I could not deter- mine, but it was much larger than any star. On its climb and descent it appeared to have a green mist following it (See Sketch "C"). The speed I could not determine in miles per hour for it hovered at what appeared to be one spot, then when it moved, it moved with great speed. Its maneuvers were as follows, from the tower (See Sketch "D"). Then it headed due south-east at great speed and disappeared, at 1955 EST. The distance, from the field when first sighted, estimated fifteen to twenty miles. There was no sound. The trail, maybe from exhaust, was green from the field glasses. The glasses have coated lens which may change the color some. At one time, during the time seen, a cloud passed under it and the light shown through. Example: Say you take a black wool cloth and pass it under a light bulb, you see no direct light, but you can still see that there is a light there behind it. (Continued on Page 2)

Further the deponent sayeth not.

DOWNORADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS,
DOD DIR 5200.10

James H. Hudson
ASN 13220373

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 20th day of January 19 48

Harold H. Hohannes
1st Lt., Infantry
Summary Court Officer

UNCLASSIFIED

----