The document you've provided does not contain any photographs. It's a typed report or memorandum with some handwritten markings and annotations. Below is the transcribed text of the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

                                                                                       18 March 1948

INTERVIEW WITH MR. OSCAR E. MONNIG
Secretary, National Meteoritical Society

1. On 13 March 1948, while on a navigational training flight to Ft. Worth, Texas, Major Melvin W. Faulk interviewed Mr. Oscar E. Monnig. Mr. Monnig is Secretary of the National Meteoritical Society. He has been actively engaged, as an amateur, in research on and the collection of meteorites since 1930, and hence is regarded as an expert on the subject.

2. Mr. Monnig quoted two other authorities on the subject. Their names and addresses are:

    a. Professor H. H. Nininger
       P.O. Box 1171
       Winslow, Arizona

    b. Dr. C. C. Wylie
       University of Iowa
       Iowa City, Iowa

3. Major Faulk queried Mr. Monnig specifically on the explosion of a supposed meteorite at 1705 CST, 13 February 1948. It was stated that this phenomenon was definitely that of a meteorite, or daylight fireball. The most conclusive evidence of this is a photograph taken of the dust cloud left by the fireball. This photograph was taken from a point 3 miles north of Moran, Kansas by Duane E. Priebe of Norton, Kansas. Mr. Priebe said that, the daylight to this photograph is deliberate, right at 1700. It is advised to contact this photographer to it said during the explosion of a meteorite outside the atmosphere of the earth, that is between say, that is, at a black body, at achieving a temperature of about 450C. Upon reaching the air layer of this earth, it becomes a triple-heated and is subjected to increasing pressure; this causes a release of a trail of gases which usually explode at an altitude of about 20 miles above the earth. After the explosion, a visible dust cloud remains in the atmosphere. The meteorite now usually consists of a cluster of small stones which continue on to strike the earth. Their pattern of impact de-pends upon the inclination of their flight path with the earth's surface, and varies from a slightly oval to an elongated ellipse. It is felt that the path is observed, the point of impact is calculated, and interested parties, such as planetarians, make a search for the particles. The particles, when found, usually resemble small stones and are composed chiefly of silicates, some may be a fused shell surrounding the particles, usually about a 1 to 3 mm. thick, which is an ordinary of chiding or a few ounces.

Final evidence that the 13 February incident was a fireball will be the discovery of meteoritic particles. The discovery will probably will be confirmed by Professor Nininger, since the trail it was calculated to have fallen generally near soap-spring, Arizona an advantageous local. The particles may not occur very soon, or it may be as long as 12 months before any particles are found.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the resolution and quality of the text, there may be minor errors in transcription.