The image does not contain a photograph to describe. Here is the textual content produced as an OCR output:

```
Page 6
"SIGN" Project "SIGN"

1. (Cont'd)

a. Observations of range, speed, altitude and size of object.
b. Does object execute any turns? If so, what angle (180°), etc,
on what radius of turn. If radius of turn is not observable,
how long did the target stay in the turn and what was its speed?
c. Note particularly any segmentation of distant target into several
targets upon approach. Track all if possible.

2. If airborne, when object was sighted.

a. Were there any radar indications or extra noise on radio circuits

b. Give estimates of size, speed, maneuvers, etc.

GENERAL

1. Teletype sequences of local weather conditions 

2. Winds aloft report 

3. Local flight schedules of commercial, private and military aircraft
   flying in vicinity at the time
   (Check Canadian activity if close to that border)

4. Possible releases of testing devices in vicinity sent aloft by
   Ordnance, Navy, Air Force, Army, Weather Units, Rosercran
   Organizations or any other.

5. If object contacted earth, obtain soil samples within and without
   depression or spot where object landed. (and tion presumably de-
   ported) for purposes of making comparison of soils.

6. If object came sufficiently near other aircraft or known objects,
   check surfaces with Geiger counters for possible radioactivity.
   Make comparisons with other unaffected aircraft or objects, etc.

   Obtain photographs (or original negatives) where available; if not,
   secure sketches of
   a. Object
   b. Surrounding terrain where object was observed.
   c. Place where object contacted earth (if this happened)
   d. Maneuvers
   e. Formation (if more than two)

   Secure signed statements

3. Obtain fragments or physical evidence where possible.
```

Please note that due to the nature of OCR and potential errors in recognizing characters, there may be minor discrepancies between this transcript and the original text.