There is no photograph present on this page. Below is the OCR output of the text from the document:

-----

1st Ind., Hq 4th AF, Hamilton AFB, Calif., 9 NOV 1948, to CG, AMC, Subj: Analysis of P.

(Paragraphs 1 & 2 redacted from the AF LO to CG AMC.)

3. Your ltr with 1st Ind (here in) 3 Oct 48, received in this HQ on 5 Oct 48 refers to "objects observed in the vicinity of Muroc AFB and the vicinity of Mt. Rainier. The incident in the vicinity of Muroc did not occur on the date of your letter, 1 Jul 48, but it did occur on 8 JUl 48 (Exhibit A attached). The incident in the vicinity of Mt. Rainier did not occur on 4 Jul 48, but it did occur on 24 Jun 48 (Exhibit B attached) and was the sighted objects (5 each) were balloons launched by the AAF, Watson Laboratories Branch, Engineering Division, AMC, Dover, N.J.

4. On Exhibit "A", it should be noted that both the radar operator, T/Sgt Le Roy E. Dunn, verified the presence of the object in question on his radar scope and tracked it for a period of six minutes (two thousand to four thousand yards of range) without observing any abnormal operational characteristics or unusual behavior. Photographs could have been compiled on this object by the automatic aspect camera at Muroc AFB which is located at the CPS (AN/MPQ-2), but at the time of contact the camera was not in operation.

5. In Exhibit "A", the 3000 plus or minus 10% MPH does not seem to fit usual or reported performance of "flying saucers". A similar incident happened on the East Coast (ACNR Eastern Sea Frontier 4/15/48) with a speed of 10 to 20 MPH, where the "object" tracked in on a radar set was a balloon; hence the term "saucer" or "disc" does not present a conclusive "picture" of these incidents.

6. All other reports similar to Exhibit "A" which have been made by this headquarters to your headquarters can be attributed to test missiles or reasonable comparisons with balloons launched by Watson Laboratories.

7. The balloons used by Moore Laboratories are very consistent in performance; they are 20 foot white plastic, white in color, and ellipsoid-rectangular in shape, knotty tail and hanging ears which are the instruments they carry. They average 8 to 10 hours of controlled level flight, reaching altitudes up to 100,000 or more feet altitude. They are launched during regional static periods and other periods of varied wind forecasts. As is required their position at any interval which is sent to the intercepting airborne fighter or interception.

-----