The image does not contain any photographs; it's a scanned page of a document.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
(Page 3)

TO: Captain J. P. Shea
FROM:
SUBJECT: Observations

This report is being made in writing at the request of 

1. Lt. Co E.A. Durnal,

It will be divided into three parts. 1. Observations,
2. Recommendations, 3. a map indicating the point of my observations.
The third part of this report will not be submitted now, but will be
given later when a map is available to make this report complete. 

Inspector -------- and myself, being on patrol for 
the Reclamation Service on ACCESS, arrived at Point Eagle 2050, December
20, 1948, we traveled down the road as far as it seemed and was safe 
under the circumstances, and were sitting in the jeep with it headed 
in the general direction of the road at this point. The direction in
which we were headed as well as all directions in this report will be 
referred to with some degree of accuracy from the map which will be
submitted later to make this report complete.

As I was sitting in the jeep I observed a falling light in 
the sky at approximately 2052. At first it appeared to be a whitish light
moving at about 45 degrees to the earth. It seemed to have a 
light whitish tail to approach the earth at a descending decreasing angle
until it went out of my vision to one side. I went around the 
North-East, I called the attention of Inspector -------- to this falling
point 2052 to observed it and had also been permitted to make a report
on his observations. I continued to observe this phenomenon.
According to my first observations it appeared to be a whitish light,
clear cut and unbroken, falling very slowly though in movement, it seemed
it to be moving; this light became clear. It appeared in appearance, the speed
now seemed to have a red color, though its color gradually changed also,
It now seemed to have a red flame over, to broken parts was red,
now a speck of light left somewhat however the white. It form seemed
to grow more complete and seemed to have something besides just a whitish
whitish driving light, the head the same flat base, leaving a woken
red trail on each side. Where it had appeared as though it was 
now near the earth an angle of twenty degrees slide, and reminded me
now appeared to have in flight. It seemed to fly through this air
very much controlled and not to fall straight to the earth as an uncontrolled
as just normally won't. The earth was very my swiftly & finally
disappeared behind Point Eagle,

At 2058 headquarters was notified of our observations
and the angle at 2059of our white light, was told to stand by and
and to 10-21 headquarters. We returned to station 310 to make the
call, found there was a ---- around there. My first security 
call, also my second
stand to -----. There was no answer to that call.
and by no -----. I feel the inspector ------
to you, is returned to headquarters to a -----. 
```

Please note that the original document may contain errors, redactions, or unclear text due to its condition, which could have affected the accuracy of the OCR output.