The image provided is a black and white scanned document page with typewritten text. There are no photographs or images other than the text present on the document. As requested, here is the transcribed text from the document:

With all indicators thus eliminated, there remain thirty-four
which contain some evidence but have no apparent ready explanation for
their observations. These only under the assumption that all evidence
has been made available and is accurate. When psychological and 
social factors are taken into consideration, all of these thirty-four
are explained rationally, as pointed out by the composition 
of the Air Materiel Command Aero-Medical Laboratory (see Appendix
II and III).

Air Materiel Command Aero-Medical Laboratory (Continued)
(See Appendix continued)

There are sufficient psychological explanations for the majority of
unidentified flying objects to provide plausible explanations for re-
ports not otherwise explainable. These errors in identifying true,
actual result chiefly from inability to estimate speed, size, and
distance.

All of the remaining 34 incidents are treated in detail in this
report. These incidents from no pattern in regard to area of sight-
ing by; odds or similar objects; or time. The few indications of
type of silhouette, etc., were no patterns by earlier reports,
probably would not have been considered significant enough to
come to public attention.

Project Grudge
Summary of AMC Evaluation of "Remaining Reports"

VIII. Summary of ATIC Evaluation of Remaining Reports

The remaining unexplained incidents (see Appendix II) exhibit a
few common characteristics. Two of third by statements of the experiencers,
would not have been made, if their records not read of UFO's. Similar
incident (Incident No. 17). A few were distributed without pattern
throughout the United States. Most were outside the U.S. No two
descriptions of appearance or performance were exactly similar. Sight-
ings and estimations occurred at various times of day and when.

APPENDIX II

In the following section of this report, each remaining unexplained
incident is considered separately. While it is not meant to evaluate the
character of observers, but each case has understandable elements, not
vague but recognized. The method of investigation is purely the sifting of
data as significant or insignificant factors.

1, 10, 17, 24, 27, 35, 37, 40, 51, 58, 62, 68, 75, 77, 78, 82,
111, 122, 134, 135; 151, 152, 154, 162, 163, 175, 183, 193, 207, 211, 234.

Please note that the scan quality makes part of the text difficult to read, and thus it might not be 100% accurate.