The image does not contain any photographs; it's a scanned page with text only. Below is the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text from the document:

---
"CLASSIFIED

Air Force Asks P.G. 
For Flying Disc Data

Lieutenant on Trail of Aciainz Saucers
Sighted Near Uniontown on June 30

The high cost of flying saucers was demonstr-rated there
Friday when a flying second lieutenant of the United States
Air Force dropped into the Post-Gazette editorial room on
the trail of some aviacing saucers sighted near Uniontown
during June 30.

Lieutenant Wallace Sinner's er-
rard was so obvous important
was to call for, Iowa commissioned straight lieutenant tough neon
ly it would appear a mere ser-
geant would by now less li a
runner from the proper

Running Down Discs;
Lieutenant Sorry's sins to the
rocket-farted little ship extend in
the more sordid quarters of the 
Like was demand- - 'spanning a town I
the the a glass sidewalk in hums. circles
Lieutenant's explanation was - the
in [the a ] suggested that if its own-
power up there. For every three
involved actitime there seems to be
joined near Second Lieutenant!
Lieutenant permanently employed
postulate the Uniontown story, the
hitting capacity of a tire inter-
did not explain why Dec Air Force
sating the June 30 high investi
i r The cost.

innosaurs Baceous Spouse was singlet 
railing Charles Smith, Margaret 
teTer teloction by and Margaret
Calisher, McDonald and her
tangine Carter. The group was 
tour over the Postga Bile road near
was on June 30, during the Wednes-
day in that month.

The reddence inbe ith the other
witnesses tore before its to into
the await 10 over as found
June." A day in February is the
answer.

Photographed Near Seattle

that Mrs. Maxine McDonald and com-
pany may expect a visitant Navy
lad now from Lieutenant Sinner
The want to have the story out
Right?" and the Uniontown, ac-
it jurance incidents.

During the post-Ganna phase!
of his investigation, Lieutenant 
Sinner drew up the name of that 
porta ganda! Friday frm Tacoma,
that anything Amerize Seattle
photographed the discs! 

as Lima that have structures
That wonts him or way to the
marine let of getting fast com-
that a prority calls for a higher
later. -

"DECLASSIFIED
DOWNLOAD ED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

"UNCLASSIFIED
AUG 1 1952"
--- 

Please note that the quality of the scan is poor which affects the OCR accuracy. The output above contains artifacts, misspellings, and unclear text due to the condition and clarity of the original document.