No photograph is present in the image provided.

Here is the text output as an OCR system would produce:

```
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
INTELLIGENCE DEPARTMENT
TECHNICAL ANALYSIS DIVISION
ENGINEERING SECTION - T-3
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR BASE
DAYTON, OHIO

5 NOV 1948

SUBJECT: Analysis of Project "Grudge" Reported Incidents
TO: Commanding General
Air Material Command
Air Technical Service Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: MAJOR HOLDER

1. Reference is made to the letter from your Headquarters
under date of 22 November 1948, 6 December 1948 and file
Grudge #4 dated 15 April 1949, requesting that reported incidents
through 172 be analyzed to determine whether or not these objects have
been caused by balloons launched by these laboratories.

2. A listing has been compiled of all balloon launched by these
laboratories and the ascension's actual atmospheric reactions, etc.
from the first flight launching the M10 on 17 November 1947,
one of the balloons has been recorded as unreported and
categorized as follows: of cases reported that of amazingly one
through 22, none of the traffic was due to launching and or
and point of recovery did not correspond to place of grades
launch and suitable evaluations from the known flights not made as
to this place or reported launches sent to your office may taken into
appropriate evaluating these copies of the launching lists are supplied.

3. Analysis thus far of Project No. 194 reported on 15 July 1947
through the Object M10 launched from snowy in general, establishing
or clusters or group of objects, motion in trail, balloon launches
one M10 period was a cluster of balloons and was not recoverable.
a slight upswept bend of the course of these were reported
although not observed, this was was observed in the La Venta
Sacramento Valley area twelve northwest of Albuquerque, ones to
motion towards red light contained both by airplane operations and by
release time balloons was launched the theodolite instrument
of the balloons and evaluation was provided for by the
possibility of this traffic.

4. A Ghost mission No. 11 7 July 1947 could suggest
with response to type M10 models shot through by to, and one
with incident to No. This balloon flights was type a cylinder.

a
2-64560
```