The document contains one black-and-white photograph at the top right corner. The photograph appears to be elongated with a curved shape. It is very grainy and it's not clear what the image depicts—it could be associated with the UFO report context of the document, but the image quality is too poor to provide a detailed description.

Here is the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #33, 8-z, 1948

as bright as it is when most brilliant. However, under exceptionally

good atmospheric conditions and with the eye shielded from the direct

rays of the sun, Venus might be seen as an exceedingly tiny bright point

of light. It can be shown that it was definitely brighter than the

surrounding sky, for on the date in question Venus had a semi-diameter

of 6 seconds of arc, or a total apparent surface area of approximately

125 square seconds. Assuming that a square second of sky would be a

trifle brighter than the fourth magnitude, a portion of the sky of the

same area presented by Venus would be about -1.4 magnitudes. Since the

planet, however, was -3.5, it was 6 times brighter than an equivalent

area of sky. While it is thus physically possible to see Venus at such

times, usually its pinpoint character and the large expanse of sky

makes its casual detection very unlikely. If, however, a person happens

to look toward a point on the sky that is "just a few minutes" of arc

from the position of Venus, he is apt to be startled by this apparition,

and to wonder why he didn't see it before. The chances, of course, of

looking at just the right spot are very few. Once done, however, it is

usually fairly easy to relocate the object and to call the attention of

others to it. However, atmospheric conditions must be exceptionally

good. It is improbable, for example, that Venus would be seen under

these circumstances in a large city.

It can be said, therefore, that it is possible explanation for

the object sighted in the region in Incident #33, 8-z, is that it

UNCLASSIFIED
---