The image provided appears to be a scanned page from a report with no photographs present. The page contains only text. Below is the text as outputted by an OCR process:

---

With 211 incidents thus eliminated, there remain thirty-four
which contain some evidence but have no apparent ready explanation.
This statement is true only under the assumption that the evidence
accepted as reliable and accurate. When psychological and physio-
logical factors are taken into consideration, all of these incidents
can be explained rationally as postulated by Project "GRUDGE"
effects of Air Material Command Aero-Medical Laboratory (See App
End 109).

212 Incidents considered

There were sufficient psychological explanations for the reports of
unidentified flying objects to provide plausible explanations for
ports not otherwise explainable. This errors in identifying real,
ctual/side [sic] objects explainable those to estimate 90%, i.e.,tain
age.

All of the remaining 34 incidents are treated in detail in this
report. These incidents form no pattern in regard to area of si-
type of object, or manner of performance. They are identified
ever, these sightings were attributed by polar refraction and possibly
probably would not have been censored uncensored or reported
sensen to publicity.

Project GRUDGE
Summary of ATIC Evaluation of Remaining Reports:

VII. Summary of ATIC Evaluation of Remaining Reports

The remaining unexplained incidents (see Appendix "N") exhibited
four common characteristics. Two of them by observers of known compe-
would not have been made. A few were outside the U. S. An exper-
Incident (Incident no. 17). Posts were distrubuted without problem
throughout the United States. A few were outside the U. S., so two
descriptions of appearance or performance were exactly alike. Two re-
method of stating occurred in various times of day and/or year.

APPENDIX I

In the following section of this report, each remaining unexplai-
incident is considered separately. It is not meant to to be a particu-
has character of observers, but each case has undesirable elements, to
want to be disregarded. The remainder unexplainable is roughly the same nu
order as the incidents in the previous cases.

---

Note that there appears to be scanning artifacts and possible errors in the OCR process, making some of the text disjointed or nonsensical.