The image you've provided appears to be a scanned page from an official government document, and it does not contain any photographs.

Here is all the text found in the document:

```
No. of Pgs. 4

UNCLASSIFIED                                            NON-264-106/7/nln
                                                      AMC, Wright Fld., Dayton, Ohio

MEMORANDUM REPORT ON                                     Date: 15 December 1948
 
SUBJECT: Unidentified Metal and Earth Samples

OFFICE: MATERIALS LABORATORY                           Contract or Order No.

SERIAL NO. IR-4-AC-206-71                              Expenditure Order No. 720-73

A. PURPOSE:

1. To analyze the metal and earth samples submitted by the
Technical Intelligence Division of the Intelligence Department in
connection with Project Sign.

B. FACTUAL DATA:

2. The samples were contained in an envelope with the return
address, L. D. Paden, Chief of Police, Bellefontaine, Ohio, written in the
upper left hand corner. These exhibits were delivered by the Project Sign
Officer, to whom the residues were returned. The first sample, Physics
Branch Serial No. 1713J consisted of several pieces of metal and some
dirty white material mixed in with some soil-like material. Figure 1
shows this exhibit, the arrangement of the metal pieces as suggested by
the Project Sign. officer. The second sample, Physics Branch Serial
No. 1714J is reported to be soil from the area sample P. B. 1713J
was picked up. It is shown in Figure 2.

3. Spectrographic analysis of the metal in P. B. 1713J indicated
it to be zinc with minor amounts of lead, sodium, and calcium present
with traces of magnesium, copper, iron, and silicon. The dirty white
clinks in P. B. 1713J contained magnesium as the principal metallic con-
stituent with a major amount of sodium present. Zinc was present in a
minor amount with traces of titanium, manganese, iron and calcium. The
fine material of P. B. 1713J was found to have major amounts of magnesium,
zinc, silicon, aluminum, and sodium with minor amounts of iron and lead,
and traces of titanium, chromium, boron, and calcium.

4. The brown earth-like material in P. D. 1714J contained
major amounts of silicon, aluminum, and iron with minor amounts of sodium,
magnesium, and titanium, and traces of boron, calcium, manganese copper,
and chromium. The white material in sample P. B. 1714J contained major
amounts of silicon, magnesium, aluminum, zinc, iron, and sodium with a
minor amount of titanium and traces of boron, manganese, calcium, and
copper.

5. [Text cutoff]

UNCLASSIFIED
                                    2/11
```

The document is labeled as "UNCLASSIFIED" and relates to a memorandum report from AMC, Wright Field in Dayton, Ohio, concerning the analysis of unidentified metal and earth samples, possibly connected with Project Sign, which was an early United States Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).