The image you have provided contains text on a page that appears to be from a publication. There are no photographs present on this page; instead, it comprises two columns of text with advertisements on the left side and a title that reads "SCIENCE ILLUSTRATED" at the bottom right. Due to the size and quality of the image, some text may not be fully legible.

Here's the transcribed text to the best of my ability to decipher from the visible portions of the document:

---

NORTON METEORITE
(Continued from page 21)

Shortly before 6:00 P. M., on February 18, an account of the Norton Incident reached the Institute of Meteoritics of the University of New Mexico through Lt. R. E. Young of the Kirtland Field Civil Air Patrol office. In the next few hours additional information was secured through C.A.P. channels and long-distance calls. Then, a huge volume of correspondence was carried on with observatories over the farrier variances and rural areas. Extensiveness well into Kansas by Institute of Meteoritics representatives, to obtain transit measurements of the position of various points on the meteor path as seen by them.

Fragment of Meteorite Found
As soon as decent weather permitted full-scale field search, an Institute of Meteoritics party entered the area in which observers' lines of sight into the end point of the meteor's path intersected. On April 28, they found fragments of the meteorite seen in the party's path, George W. Tatsell, almost the first farrier investigating in the intersection area, Mr. Tansill had picked up this fragment on April 6 and being familiar with the rocks of the area, knew at once that it was foreign to the region. However, he had to wait until the arrival of the Institute of Meteoritics party to have his surmise that it was a meteorite confirmed. Further search resulted in the discovery... several hundred additional meteorites of very... size. Still later, a mass weighing over 100 pounds was found by Ralph Dewey Bestert and Mr. Haskell Miklich, developer and in areas already searched by the Institute of Meteoritics party.

These discoveries and the laboratory examination of the materials recovered showed that the "Norton Incident" resulted not from the explosion of a rocket, guided missile, or satellite vehicle, but solely from the fall of a meteorite. Further, the Norton County meteorite, as scientists labeled it, was of an extremely rare and interesting type.

Three Main Groups
Meteorites, the very occurrence of which was denied even by scientists only a little over a century ago, are now known to be classifiable into three main groups. Science has been recognized as irons. These resemble closely fragments of a nickel-iron core such as the earth is believed to possess; Another group is the irons of the intermediate zone of... hardened rock. Presumed solids silicates mixed with nickel-iron, thought to resemble the core of the earth...

Later, they crystallize in numerous small structure fragments of that portion of...

---

Please note that parts of the document are cut off from view, and some words were not fully legible. As a result, there are some gaps and potential inaccuracies in the transcription.