The image displayed contains no photographs. It shows a document with text and some redacted sections. Below is the text that is visible on the document:

---
S T A T E M E N T

                                   UNCLASSIFIED           30 November 1948

At approximately 1430 hours on Wednesday, 17 November 1948, we the
undersigned were playing tennis during our squadron allotted time for such
physical training and observed the following described phenomena in the
atmosphere. The description following is only fully agreed on by both parties
who saw phenomena necessary to either party to believe that what is herein
described is the most accurate description possible under the existing
circumstances.

According to Lit Hq., 13th Air Force, AG 452.1, Subject: Unidentified
Aircraft or Flying Objects, our report is:

a. Over the Eastern edge of Clark Air Force Base at 1430 hours,
17 November 1948, a phenomena in the sky was sighted.

b. The weather was clear, the sky was blue with slight stratus
clouds on the eastern horizon. (See Inclosure 3)

c. 1st Lt.  ██████████ and 1st Lt. ██████████,
             44th Fighter Squadron (SQ), 18th
             Fighter Group (Gp.), APO 74, USAFFIP, were witnesses.

d. No photographs were available as the phenomena only lasted
about three minutes before its vapor substance such as smoke
was scattered widely throughout the atmosphere.

e. A sketch is attached, (See Inclosure 1 and 2)

f. This phenomena was singular and appeared to be at an altitude
of approximately 30,000 feet at a heading of either 120 degrees
or 300 degrees according to its origin (if that of an aircraft)
and no sound was made by it. It was white in color and appeared
to be an exhaust trail which had a sudden bursting end and then
tapered off to nothing.

g. It is firmly believed not to be a cloud because of its shape
and the surrounding weather which in its vicinity was a cloudless
sky. Both parties remarked nearly together that it appeared as
if an aircraft had exploded and left its white smoke column. It
dissipated in approximately three (3) minutes.

 █████
1st Lt., █████
44th Fighter Squadron
18th Fighter Group (SQ)
APO 74, USAFFIP

UNCLASSIFIED
--- 

The redacted sections are blocks of black where personal names and possibly classification markings have been obscured.