The image provided is a scanned document page and does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report discussing observations and investigations related to aerial phenomena, specifically UFO sightings.

Below is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Aerial phenomena at Wildwood, N.J.,
Report of Investigation
7 April, 1948

5. The Wildwood, N.J., Police Department was visited. Captain
of Police, A. L. Pocccum, stated that the department maintained four
police cars on 24 hour continuous patrol and a watchman on the board-
walk on 24 hour duty. None of his men had reported observing any
strange aerial phenomena and he firmly believed that if such things
had occurred on several occasions, it would have been observed and
reported by the police or by private citizens in a town as small as
Wildwood.

6. The Wildwood Crest, N.J., Police Department was visited. They
had heard nothing and received no reports about aerial phenomena in
the vicinity. This small borough also maintains a 24 hour police car
patrol.

7. The American Legion Club and Post Home at Cape Hay, N.J., was
visited. The manager and steward, Mr. --------, had heard nothing
about aerial phenomena having been observed in or about this town which
is along the coast and a short distance south of Wildwood.

3. An interview was had with Mrs. --------, mentioned in corre-
spondence to the Hq, U.S.A.F., as having witnessed the incidents, at her
second floor apartment at -------------, Wildwood, N.J. She informed
that she only observed one incident, that of the evening of
7 January, 1948, at about ten o'clock, her attention was produced by
a Glover she had written or who, not named, came in as follows; it and a
TV living room window a most unusual thing drop out of the sky, I think
it was a flying saucer as I have never seen anything equal to it before,
apparently it droped in the ocean. I live about 500 feet from the
boardwalk and beach. This thing fell south of Cape Mayne roads,
Wildwood avenue. I have been asked over the radio to let you know of
anything unusual," Mrs. -------- stated that this Mrs. -------- was visiting
her in Mrs. -------- apartment on this particular evening and it was
Mrs. -------- who called Mrs. -------- attention to the object in the sky.
Mrs. -------- stated that what she observed appeared to be two round
orange colored discs or balls, one very being smaller than the
body so light appeared to be than the normally annoying to, and in a
slow and steady manner until disappearing from sight (the sky, from
Mrs. -------- apartment living room, is to the south in the general direction
of the Coast Guard Air station at Cap May, N.J.). Mrs. -------- placed
a small -------- for the approximate position the object or -------- getting
in 10 January, 1948, in this position and with the limits imposed by
her standing porch-roof window of vision from about 22 to 29
altitude. Mrs. -------- stated the objects were visible for from 3 to 5
to 6 seconds before disappearing from view, -------- before there were 
two objects, apparently related, but then, -------- informed --------, she saw

COMDR's OFFICE ATLANTIC
DESIRED, FOR HIS INFO, TO
``` 

Please note that some portions of the text are redacted or unclear due to the quality of the scan or the redaction itself.