The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scanned page from a document. Here is the text from the document:

---

STATEMENT

Statement made by Mrs. █████████ of █████████ Park,
California, 1215 hours, 17 September 1948, regarding a object sighted in the
sky, 22 July 1948, in the vicinity of San Fernando Valley, California.

"On the evening of 22 July 1948, at Valley Market Town, while in the company of my husband, ██ called my husband and we were having dinner in the patio when my attention was called by my husband to an object in the sky. This was approximately between the hours of 1930 and 2000, before dark. Upon gazing straight upward, the object seemed to be round and luminous. It appeared to me metallic changing to yellow-orange and to deeper hues, toward a blue, as darkness came. It seemed to be at a very great distance. In a comparison the size, I would be as if I were looking at a planet such as *Jupiter* or *Saturn* as they plainly veer distinct. There were no attendant gaseous elements, no rays or sound as far as I can remember. It seemed absolutely round. At this time, the sky was cloudless. There was no other object or aircraft in the sky. In fact, it was the only object in the sky. Over a period of twenty minutes or more, the object moved from strait upward to a westerly direction. I must sadly state, I do not have an exceptional, excellent memory for recalling minutes or object in a steady gliding motion. There was no gradual trail, was drawn from this object. The color of this object changed drastically and due to reflect the atmospheric conditions of nightfall. When my attention was drawn to it, I no longer saw it. My attention was drawn to it, as stated above, by my husband who was standing with a group of eight or ten people who were also gazing at the object. The object was entirely different from anything I had ever seen. It did not appear to be a balloon or any advertising device. It was a definite material object."

END OF STATEMENT.

Mrs. ██████████
████████, California

Exhibit II

--- 

The text has been redacted in places, as indicated by the black bars.