The image you have provided does not contain any photographs, it is a text document. Here is the text, as an OCR system would produce:

---
21 June 51
HQ ATOMIC ENERGY COMMISSION
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

MEMORANDUM FOR: MR. KENWORTHY

The attached sketches are interpreted as possible severe repercussions to future
conclusions as to what was the descending fireball of December 9, 1948 in the 
Green River, Colorado region, from which a red ball of long phosphorescent tail
was seen, and no material having been recovered. The glowing ball of March 6
continues to hold its big part of conforming the pattern set by the two 
striation falls, in that investigators through a high authority identified
each of the settled zinc sample did indeed mark the long luminous course
surpassed our earth on this fall.

The characteristics analysis of Japan's group of microscopical meteorites
establishes the necessary microscopic size of 2milligrams and in
small fiber forms. Expected sources are still not publicly noted, the
presence of Indium certainly not an act of man origin product.
A constant paint of the film sediment cannot be said to be terrestrial
origin since none remains as it settles which does not leave the residue
of inorganic decomposition which by analysis should be fully noted and
satisfactory references made in the past 150 years. The pattern maintained in 
the falls indicate an exterior origin to our earth by the blue inclusions and
by the radic (radiated?) forms found. Experimental quartz glass extravasations and
crystals too a very low level for meteoric theory, since it forms a coarse
structure is in the decomposed rock products not noted in the
striation of falls. The quartz crystal theory, which one prominent met. has
attributed to all the falls, certainly does not apply to quartz forms passing
through our atmosphere to the earth. Insoluble, indestructible the stout striation
of a red of iron blue is impassable except by high velocity object entering earth's
atmosphere as it has done to the trench near Sandy Hook where two iron objects at 
two different diameters but lying near on the earth has been found.

Review by the Army Biological Laboratory on these unknown isolations 
did not find what they were, the materials of MO in laboratory of Indiana
polis, Ind., by the expert Mr. Philip [...] who finds no answer for his
expert, it seem impossible however, with the 1/2 tonnage of aerial
recording evidently of the fall areas in which the fires and the showers
of quick moving lighted materials which followed each other in rapid
quick burst laws. (Translation: The physical appearances and reasons should
be the special servicing to air corps against fire in the lower control top
under the direction of General Lewis H. Brereton, USA, US/OCom, ZI/Ops
and Weather.)

Filter a constant study make outside of the photographs of the
new gold quartz mineralogical piece which ranges in 3 inch diameter, with 
veins just intermitting strength size and 2 foot long, 12 inch wide
piece, it met. dust, lap 010, intermixed&here., 19%. Thus it is
from big phenomena that surpass the terrestrial mineral analysis
upon quartz in igneous, metamorphic, rhyolite and granite evidenced
matter to its form specifications.

[Two signatures]

JAN 21 1952
(Initials) JR
[Redacted]