The image does not contain a photograph. It is a text document with redactions. Below is the textual content found within the document:

---
ORIGIN:

In compliance with verbal instructions from Maj General Cabell, Director
of Intelligence, AFO, this is proceeded to investigate the report concerning
the sighting of an unidentified aerial object in the vicinity of Montgomery,
Ala., occurring 24 July 1948 between the hours of 0140 and 0225 EST.

ACTION TAKEN:

1. On 25 July 1948, Major R. H. Lovewell, Project SIGN Officer,
Mr. L. Overholser, Technical Assistant to Col Gilzenan, Mr. A. C. Loedding,
Assistant to the Colonel, Air Materials Division, and Capt R. J. Searles,
AFO, proceeded to Robins Air Force Base, Georgia where they interviewed Capt
and Mr. . All parties made statements signed
statements as to their inability to observe, and collected them together
with drawings executed by and indicated any deviation
from normal flying conditions From Eyewitness Accounts by
radio message. A memo during the course of 0140 and 0225 EST.
a C-47 passenger airplane aboard a DC-3 piloted by of the
statement is attached as Exhibit "E".

2. Following the above interviews, requests were transmitted
to HQ, USAF, Naval and commercial airlines by priority teletypes 2 Aug 1948
requesting data on flight movements in the general vicinity of Alabama,
Florida, Mississippi, Georgia. , South Carolina, Tennessee and North Carolina.
Charts of these air movements are printed as Exhibit "D".

3. In compliance with HQ AFO letter dated 6 July 1948, the Sixth Office
of Special Investigations (IG) AFO undertoook an investigation pertaining
to an aerial phenomena reportedly seen by various persons within the Sixth OSI
District. A complete report of the investigation, pages 1-16 is appended
hereto and Exhibit "D". Further reports and statements as to reliability are
also included.

4. After the statements were received, a complete analysis as to
the date and time, geographical location, and description of the object
was charted. The completely assembled data i.e. statements of witnesses,
reliability statements, airline schedules and the collated data chart
were forwarded to the various technical agencies to affect an evaluation and
interpretation of the technological factors involved.

EVALUATION:

1. It is collated that charts (Exhibit "E") was drawn up to affect a
true or positive in regard to the reported sighting.

2. From this case, it is evident that at times or possibly from
certain incidents were lamped.
---