The image shows a text document, there are no photographs present.

The text in the document reads:

```
Incident: 227

Dr [Blank]'s attention was directed to an area about 15° west of Cygni
when by indirect vision he became aware of a very bright green ball
(apparent angular diameter 5') to the right of the area in his center
field of view which was moving from east to west very low on the horizon.
Shouting "Look" to his companions (Maj [Blank] of the area in [Blank],
Kirtland Fld., Lt Allan Clark, Intel Officer, N. Mex. Wing CAP, and
Inspectors [Blank] and [Blank] from [Blank] (Los Alamos, N. M.),
who then timed duration of fireball which ranged from 2.1 seconds to 2.3 sec.
The path of the green ball was almost exactly horizontal (altitude estimated
as only 3 or 4 degrees) until just a tenth of a second or so before it
disappeared. During the last one or two tenths of a second of its visibility
a slight but definite curvature downwards developed in its path.
From the very beginning the ball was very bright, [Immediate comparison
with Serius [sic] (at a much greater altitude than the green fireball) indicates
that during all but the last one or two tenths of a second of the fireball's
visibility it was at least of apparent magnitude -1 (minus four). Just as
curvature in its path developed, the magnitude of the fireball rose
slightly and it broke up into three or four smaller but still bright green
fragments which disappeared almost instantly. Although Lt [Blank] then stopped
the car the moment the fireball disappeared and the occupants then stood
outside the car and listened for meteoritic detonations or rumblings,
nothing was heard. Two night guards at Los Alamos had also witnessed
the phenomena simultaneously. The green fireball of December 12th,
9 h 27 plus or minus 30s Juse appeared very near a point with the coordinates
latitude 35° 50' longitude 106° 40' and disappeared near a point with
the coordinates latitude 35° 45', longitude 107° 5', traversing a nearly
exactly horizontal path with a length of over nearly twenty-five (25)
miles at an altitude above the surface of the earth of approximately 3
to 10 miles, depending on the estimate of angular altitude employed in the
reduction. The velocity with respect to the earth works out at between
8 to 12 miles a second - depending on the duration estimate used.
It should be observed that the above results are obtained under the
assumption that the points of appearance and disappearance of the fireball
were seen simultaneously by both the Bernal and Los Alamos groups. In
case this assumption is not fulfilled, the real path could very easily be
no more than 10 to 12 miles long, the velocity with respect to the earth
then working out at between 3 and 6 miles a second. While there is thus
considerable uncertainty because of the lack of confirming azimuth observations from a third station, the concordance in the fifty (50) different
estimates of angular elevation make it most unlikely that the linear
height of the fireball was much less than 8 miles and much more than 10
miles. It is interesting to observe that the backward extension of the
en-t1to path fif't:;t given passes almost centrally across the Los Alamos
reservation.

During the entire night of the 12th, meteors of all magnitudes from the
first to the fifth and of various colors (with white and yellow pre-
dominating and with no evidence of green) were occasionally seen emanating
from the [Geminid] radiation, [M 35 Zeroan] was well above the horizon from
ca. the time of the Sandia Peak incident, (alas! several
apparently, the apparent paths of the meteors from this radiation intercepted the
```