The image contains no photographs; however, it does feature a newspaper article with two drawn images.

Here is the text from the document:

Atlanta Pilots Report Wingless Sky Monster

By ALBERT RILEY
Two Atlanta pilots of the Eastern Air Lines have startled the air world with a bizarre story of a strange object which roared past their DC-3 airliner at 2:30 a.m. yesterday morning while 5,000 feet over Montgomery, Ala.

The two pilots, Capt. Clarence Chiles and his co-pilot, John Whitted are puzzled themselves at what they saw as some other Ultimate

"What you look at one of those fantastic Flash Gordon rocket ships in the funny papers. You've got a picture of what we saw," said Whitted.

Twenty four times larger than a B-29 fuselage. It resembled a C-54's rise of flames were shooting out of the tail at a 45 degree angle.

Travelling at a speed they estimated at between 500 and 700 miles an hour, the mysterious object brilliantly lighted within – was in view of the Thunderbird, on the belly of the ship, they said there was a sort of blue fluorescent glow.

It neither flashed from missile chambers, nor is there any evidence of a conventional exhaust, via New Orleans, to Atlanta.

The two pilots saw the strange object whiz past them in the heavy overcast, then hover in midair and finally remind the Mobile and New Orleans. Both pilots, who served as Army Air pilots during the war said they had never seen anything before to match it.

"In my years flying, and that includes every craft navy has in the air, navy weather it could have been," said Whitted Army or CAA officials "No."

As a B-29 bomber pilot during the war, I saw some strange things in Japan," Whitted said, but "I never saw anything like that."

Some planes reported "no touches" and others from Guam said "enemy aircraft." Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker of Eastern Air Lines had a report from Australia, the seventh in eight months at Eastern Lines that a plane possibly a flying craft might be loose, which apparently had been in Europe, reports having come from Ireland.

It's the strangest since the "foo fight," Whitted said.

Rickenbacker commented that "it's time we realize there's something loose around this world." Cruise and this don't use wings. Leave the movie cruising as an observer intimated, propelled by conventional means, and an Air Force spokesman forewarned folk that "no return of this country as no plane compelling a wingless craft, just propellers and foot-diameter rockets tubes."

The pilots said there were no passengers aboard their plane, but all were sleep except one man, C. L. McKelvie, of 545 Renshaw Place, Columbus, Ohio. McKelvie said Chiles told the pilots that he "also saw the monster aircraft some clouds", Chiles said, "and we were flying along on the regular airway, when we saw ahead and slightly above and to our right what appeared to be one enormous jet flame."

"Would it clash? Oh, What! the middle of this either to the left and it veered in 15 feet, flashed about 700 to an out past us at 700 about 700 feet above us."

"Then, as if the pilot had seen up and wanted to avoid us, it pulled up with a tremendous burst of flame out of its rear end and zoomed into even the clouds. Just on top where two jet rockets or of the clouds. It was the saucer saw two DC-3's."

The pilots said they saw it until it was obscured behind the clouds, and Whitted said he counted at no windows but could see no occupants because the ship was keeper too fast.

"The man-made thing all right," said the.

"It was a man-made plane and its jet flames was so bright it almost gave them "something blades if," they said, and then had to turn up their instrument panel lights in their cockpit.

"Must it have used up their fuel in a mere passage?' Chiles said the minutes without saying a word we traverse 20 speeches."

They had reported by radioed simultaneous reporting over Atlanta when they had reached that it wasn't to Memphis near Montgomery, and to Ficklen Fort Ben and Langley Field in organizations on New and March over "Birmingham said they had noted, the 20th "There by the time it left us. Not — remarked shooting stars. civilization."

Was it indeed? Chiles and Whitted both said they were certain it was no meteor or comet, because they had seen them before in the air.

CONTINUE STAFF PHOTO—From Sandra Nash

MYSTERIOUS "PLANE"—Co-Pilot John Lester Whitted (left) and Pilot, Clarence Chiles, of Eastern Air Lines DC-3, tell a Lockheed, DOT, W-CON News Director, how they saw a huge strange, jet-propelled, double-decker, wingless aircraft whiz past them early yesterday morning near Montgomery, Ala.

PILOTS' DRAWINGS OF MYSTERY, CRAFT

(Note: Due to the nature of the image quality, some words or parts of the text may be slightly inaccurate or may have been inferred where the text was unclear.)