The image at the bottom of the document appears to be a faded or unclear illustration, resembling a row of vague, blob-like or oval shapes. It does not provide clear details and can be interpreted as a simplified representation of objects, possibly trying to depict the UFOs mentioned in the text.

Text transcription from the image:

---

Unknown object first reported by Military Police as Ft. Knox, around 1000 CST, vicinity of Mansville, later over Irvington almost to Corydon, Ky. Sighted again, by Blanchell, Tow Control Tower. A smaller than left office of O.C., proceeding to 030° leaving where he sighted it first until nine o’clock in the southwest sky. It appeared stationary. Could not determine of objects radiated or reflected light, from binocs it appeared partially as perspex with brightest sun reflecting from of the silky, however, there seemed to be some red light around the lower ½ of it. There.
Two F-51s altered to course object. Took a course of around 210°. Approx 5° later object sighted on 360 (light leader) reported it though and traveling about 1/2 his speed as his 21 clock (21 gauge). Later he stated he was 45° in to scope a good. Look three was his al glasscope. METRO syn report, 130, moving toward approx. 13,000 to 20,000 ft range. was then reported and ahead of wingmen at the time of his disappearance. Was approx 150-200 ft dia. flying (J6,300) reported for fuel and resumed pursuit going to altitude of 33,000 ft but did not sight object. As about 1645 Lt O’Rhar lost it all.

Later, at Corn, returned to Control Tower (about 1755 CST) and perceived bright light like a disc of about 20° azimuth and 95° elevation. It was a round object and did not resemble a disc. Above, and was a blax haze the object remained visible and did not disappear until it went below the level of the earth in a manner similar to the sun or moon setting. This object was viewed and tracked with the Weather Station theodolites from the hangar roof.

RELIABILITY: Verified by Commanding Officer, Operations Officer, S-2 and Executive Officer. However, these officers were not personally present when second sighting took place.

---