The document contains a blurry photograph in the top right corner, but the quality of the image is poor and details cannot be clearly discerned. It appears to be a circular shape with a dot or mark toward the top border, possibly depicting an aerial object with the typical characteristics associated with UFOs. However, due to the fuzziness and lack of detail, no further description can be provided.

The text of the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
[CLASSIFIED stamp]
NOTE: Distances such as "two feet long" and "1500 feet high" are not to be accepted as factual, due to the lack of any solid objects for comparison.

4. Dr LA EAV transmitted a report to the District Commander, 17th District Office of Special Investigations, on 5 January 1949 relative to certain unexplained sound phenomena observed at Los Alamos. Pertinent summary of this report follows:

Anomalous sounds were heard at four different Security Stations at Los Alamos on the night of 30 December 1948. Three of these stations were visited in company with the AFSJ Inspectors who had heard the sounds. At Station 340 Inspectors ----------, etc said there were ghosts involved.

It said that approximately 2010, 30 Decmb [sic] 48 they heard a sound as of a train laboring up hill, although no trains or anything that they went out to find that the track, but found the roadway empty. Filing of their movements indicates that the duration of this sound was some seven seconds. The at about 2020, the sound was heard again and they drove out to check with the same results. Timing of the onset of movements they a potential of origin and obtaining readings they disclosed the occurrence made quite an impression on the inspectors and they discussed this matter from the standpoint of a "Hushh [sic] alarm was given over the communications net by headquarters. The Bogey was bearing at approximately in his plot which taken by two fine noise.
was filed to HQ at ORD in an aircraft repeatedly four times, it was definitely an airplane noise. Both men said that an airplane into one close to being the same type of sound, but not the sound was definitely that the sound was wholly similar to that of an airplane. Timing of movements showed a probable duration of 10 to 15 seconds for the brief sounds. Azimuth and elevation readings were taken for each estimated position of the sound.

At Station 350, ----------- and ----------- was interviewed relative to the sounds reported by him. They said that to and noted how the sounds reported at 2010, 2020, or 2050, but that about ten or fifteen minutes after the "Bogey" warning, he and the reported they had heard a sound like heavy wagons on this roadway and heard a sound like the whistle also made by some airplanes at Los Alamos, this likewise estimate to within directions to azimuth and elevation readings were taken of the estimated position of the sound.

Inspectors -------------- and ----------- were interrogated at Station 350. According to -----------, at approximately 2010 on 30 December he heard a noise which he believed to be the motor of a 110 horsepower Cub airplane. The sound lasted about 6 minutes. At about 2020 he heard the same noise again, this time for about two or three minutes. At about 2050 the same noise was heard. The "Bogey" alarm was then sounded by headquarters, and noise. The otherwise its reports of the sounds were responsible for the -------------- the plane noises, as the origin of the sounds was timing -------------- and azimuth and elevation readings were taken of the positions as indicated by -----------.

Inspector ----------- who had been at Station 350 at 2010 was interviewed by ----------- and said that the noise sounded like a high flying aircraft exhibiting display overflights, service to the northeast and ranging as far as 25 to 30 miles.

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTEVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DoD DIR 5200.10

[The bottom of the page contains a portion of a classified document control form (KMAFFS 3 6202).]

Please note that due to the quality of the image, some words are obfuscated and represented with lines (-----------) in this transcription.