The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page with typewritten text. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS NO. 1 TO HEADQUARTERS REPORT 2--4, 17TH DISTRICT OST.

Report of incident of 1948, December 12, Gmt. 2 hr. 30m., seen from
Stallion Peak Signal, New Mexico. (Approximately 135 miles south and
4 miles west of Las Vegas, New Mexico.

The report of this incident should be prefaced, with a statement of
the fact that beginning the evening of December 9th, and to a direct nor-
theast of the radar outpost on WSMR Headquarters? We heard a meteor
shower, with only one or two stations observation of showers netivity
prior to the 9th of? (Some of universal receivers of the observation re-
ported to me by a? 134 that on various occasions consos from 12-30
to the conferences called by Col. Doyle Reams on December 11th), I felt
certain that the observer's phenomenon could be correlated with the
Grandall meteors withe each other radiant activity between December 10th
and 12th have awen questionably observed but by numbers so small as
December 3-4. However, pursuant observations made between the evening
of December 9th and the wind of December 12th only served to confirm
statements made on December 9th to Maj. Wolf, that, that the Benidings
as his case of the high pass of the Navajo jet expendables of missile
balls (of at El Vado station, between the Plainville, Harvard books on
Haleo Serves, No. 136 (explos.), and that this did not recall over Jerkin
compar David a recalled. Though blun and blunt with what Gentile had
occasionally been made, all of them with whom what detected or any
observations of December 9 - 12 were considered by myself that I have
to discuss upon all my folks to the Gmt time, and none from 12 - 30th of
observed during periods of heard a majority since December 1, 1945.
that at that each others as had collected reported and none of these were
tabulated at as their prose on ground.

With the above preface, I proceeds as accounts of the incident of
December 12. Shortly before Gmt the warning of this dates I and my duty
driver Cpl like Allan Olsen of Section Base 1 off Las Vegas headed for San
ta Fe. I have and my passengers Major C. F. Hittle, Line and the underlined to
Phillips was the back seat and I was in the right front seat and en-
ters following Kerley, left of me, the G2 passed through a gate closing
out a down slope facing approximately northwest. On squaring off as we rids
us a clear veiw fo the flight toward the big tank and is filled sky attend
it was evident to me that a body was visce beyphont fell our visual attention
turning to the air as a bulb had been struck (apparent Background star
of B; toggler autom of a ray to the other or any akt alt of we, matching
the sky away with 1947 then 1948 in some way as of this as the sky
did pointing with my left hand shouted, "Look", four times. ("We fleet
dans Nothing and remained the hard it to me then asked by some of react
operation and rememaiders of my motions expense, I mixed my own I-127
to contact with the "star" the noon to my approach at the same tabling
turned at squares of the duration of the "fireball, ranged from 2.1
seconds to 2.3 seconds.

UNCLASSIFIED-DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
```