The image provided is a document page; however, it does not contain any photographs. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
Supplement to Trip Report to Watson Laboratories - 3 and 4 Jun 194
TDU: Col Clingerman DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS.
TO: Col McCoy DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

1. Personnel interviewed on this trip were Dr. Mr. Mr.
and Mr. leader of the Geophysics Laboratory Section and Mr.
of the Radar Laboratory.

2. Contrary to existing rumors, Dr. was not witness to the
sighting at Holloman Air Force Base on or about 5th April 1948.
was very cooperative and in his special field.
reminiscing these past or so, all three residents, were
of the sighting which occurred in the afternoon of the 5th April 1948.
The time of that were gesticulating the size for an experimental balloon 
approximately at the same time. The sighting was noted by all three men; it
however, they absolute unlimited. It was felt decided by the balloon
while the sighted object before they discovered their error and agreed that
by no thrust.

3. Mr. was the only one of the three who saw two objects,
when he first received them they were giving which he then returned to
the right, started down, and was lost to sight. Describing one of these and
the other object, Mr. was described via the most terrific speed to
describe similar. "It went like a bat out of hell".
a more their instinct in outline and possible as being of a golden
manuscript insignias, that is, irregularly rounded and slightly concave on
tom.

4. Mr. saw only one object which was evidently the one that
moved to the right and down. He was able to see it in sight longer than
did Mr. not described seeing maneuvers as completing a large loop after 
its downward descent, then in its upward and disappearing suddenly. To 
him it appeared grey-white in color, very definitely defined form giving the 
appearance of a large object at great distance.

5. Presumably Mr. saw the object that did not veer to the
right. He stated that this object made three vertical loops then 
which it descended in a very not to return.
that it at first glance it seemed to resemble a balloon but on his ce-
silence on the desert that it's not that. To stated that it was absolutely
the object. Neither was any sound and that no stillness sane was heard from 
that precisely to which he was listening attent crew laying on the 
noting at high altitude the finger noise made by as fast and 
to time the test. It is for us very not only to be 15 miles an
...
```

Some words are omitted or redacted with lines, making some sentences incomplete or ambiguous. The text is a report on a UFO sighting with interviews of various individuals. The document has been marked as "UNCLASSIFIED" and mentions a declassification directive and time frame.