The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document page with only text and no images.

Here is the text output from the document:

ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET
INCOMING MESSAGE
3RD SHEET UNCLASSIFIED
MATERIEL COMMAND
Use this form for inter-office correspondence within headquarters.
Use ink and carbon consecutively.
Use entire width of sheet, both sides.

Use authorized office symbols to designate address within
this Command. See reverse of last form.
Note answering address at lower left of form.
Remaining space if sufficient only for
proper opening of letter or for typewritten signature.

Place initials of dictator and typist, telephone number and location to right of signature.

Separate comments by horizontal lines across page.

SUBJECT Project "SIGN" Incident No. 163

TO |TICLAVC FROM |MICAXO-3 DATE |9 Nov 48 COMMENT NO. 1.
ATTN: Capt Harpster

1.  Pursuant to authority contained in paragraph four (4) Technical instructions 2185, Addendum No. 3, this Command, dated 11 February 1948, this Project has been authorized the assistance of all divisions and activities under the jurisdiction of the Air Materiel Command.

2.  Your cooperation is requested in interpreting and analyzing the attached evidence from the viewpoint of our Electronics Sub-Division to enable possible identification of the object reported in the Incident No. 163.

3.  The possibility that identification of the unidentified object may fall into purview of a domestic project, too highly classified to permit release at this date, is realized. However, it would be appreciated if advice were given to discontinue further investigation in this specific case, should this matter fall into that category.

4.  Attention is invited to drawing on page 6, Exhibit "G" and to attached reproduction of "Popular Science Monthly," Exhibit "H" which shows a new type of meteorological balloon. See item 1, page 5, of statement submitted by Robert S. Richardson of the Mt. Wilson Observatory - Exhibit "C", and Exhibits "I" and "K2".

5.  A similar request to this is also being made to the Air Weather Liaison Officer, this Command. Should circumstances so indicate, it is requested that coordination be effected with Colonel, Neal, MICLAW3, telephone No. 5-2234 for preparation of comments and return to MICAXO-3, ATTN: Capt. Sneider.

8 Incls
Exhibits "A" thru "H"

C. A. GRIFFITH (Initials: ej)
Chief, Operations Section
Tech Intelligence Division
Intelligence Department

65310
P 202F
B 288

(DOQ DIR 5200.10)

UNCLASSIFIED