There are no photographs in the image provided.

As requested, acting as an OCR to produce the output of the text found in the document:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED

Project "SIGN"

Commanding Officer
March Air Force Base
Riverside, California
ATTENTION: Base Intelligence Officer

1. This Command is engaged in an intelligence investigation of
all reported sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena and has been
authorized direct communication with all Air Tactical Command units
by Hq USAF, in letter dated 5 February 1948.

2. Reference is made to attached teletypes dated 5 Aug 1948 and
1 September 1948 concerning the sighting of an unidentified aerial object 
by jet fighter planes north of the installation of the Los Angeles Public Informa-
tion Office.

3. It is requested your office interview the above and obtain a
signed eye-witness statement as to what he observed. This statement should
include the facts as itemized in teletype dated 31 August, i.e., local
time, date and time of sighting, weather conditions at the time, means,
occupations and addresses of witnesses (if any), photographs or sketches,
construction, number, size, color, speed, lights, trail of the sky 
at this moment, direction, manner of ascent or descent, maneuverability,
noise, sound, exhaust trail, odor, effect on clouds and diagram of
flight pattern (if any). Since, in this case, no photographs are avail-
able, it is desired that the witness sketch the configuration to the
best of his ability and submit this as an attachment to his signed state-
ment.

4. In connection with the above, request that

          a. Local weather sequence or weather conditions and the 
        time of reports at the time of the sighting be obtained.

          b. Local flight schedules of commercial and military aircraft 
        flying in the vicinity at the time be checked.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED
AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10
CONFIDENTIAL
```

Please note that some parts of the text were obscured or incomplete in the provided image.