The image provided is a page from an official document, but there are no photographs included in this image. Below is the text extracted from the document:

---
To: Colonel Dylda Ames UNCLASSIFIED December 20, 1948

359 li93, longitudinal 107° 5', traversing a ncarljr exactlj horizontal path with a length of very nearly twenty-five (25) miles at an altitude above the surface of the earth of approximately 8 to 10 miles, depending on the assumptions of angular altitude employed in the calculation, the velocity with respect to the unjverse so exact as to deserve a 22 second, a second, depending upon the division to which used. Its normal velocity as the above results are obtained under the assumption that the points of appearance and disappearance of the fireball were seen simultaneously by both the Barney and Los Alamos groups. In one series assumption this is so fulfilled, the real path could very quality be non more than 10 to 12 miles long, the velocity to with respect to the earth perhaps winding out to between 3 and 5 miles a second, while there is thus considerable uncertainty because of the lack on a verified time, data observations from a third station, one or distance in the ETTR (25 different azimuths of angular moltion means a possible local maximum 20 miles, a time of arrival at each that is to and much more than 11 seconds, or 21 miles/sec; leaving no observes the backward extension of the 25-mile path it first from passes almost centrally none the Los Alamos reservation.

3. Significant Differences Between the Fireballs Observed in the Interval December 2-21 and Typical Meteors.

3.1 The horizontal, and not extra of the north of the December Fireball is most unusual. Cumulove meteors are rarely observed to move in horizontal paths.

3.2 Again the very low height of the December Fireball as discussed in section 2 above sets it's off in sharp contrast of the resulting meteors, for which heights of the order of 40 or to 70 miles are normally observed.

3.3 The velocity determined for the Fireball of December 12 is much less than the wouldd be speeds of type meteors (and it is consequently greater than the speeds of the V-2 Rockets or Jet planes or of conventional Planes.

3.4 In the case of meteorites that penetrate to as low levels as that determined for the Fireball of December 12, the observed luminous phenomena are always accompanied by very violent noises. No noises whatever have been observed in connection with the various December Fireballs so far investigated.

3.5 Daytime meteors normally show remarkable variations in brightness, beginning as faint thin hair lines, which are scarcely visible to the observer, and then brightening up to flash out near the end of their paths, in the case of the December Fireballs most of the observers have reported that the green balls appeared almost instantly at their full brightness.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DODDIRE 5200.10
---