There are no photographs present on this page. The page is a typed document with some text redacted. Below is the transcribed text from the page:

COPY

UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT, SKY.
13 April 1948.

(1) continued—

and looked like a vertical cylinder, larger at the bottoem and narrow at the top with streamers or streaks of vapor attached to it. It gave the appearance of a white cloud but it did not behave like a cloud as it retained its shape and maintained a steady movement on a straight course, against the wind. The weather was clear and there were no clouds in the sky around the object. It was moving rather slowly in a southwesterly direction and did not maneuver in any way. It did not make any noise that I could hear. I can not estimate its size or the altitude at which it was traveling as I did not have anything to compare it with. I do not have any idea what it was. I called the Delaware Airport, which is southwest of Delaware on route 42, approximately ten minutes after I saw the object and told them to watch for it, I called them again about a half hour later but they had not seen it.

(5) ... 12 April 1948; Mrs. [redacted] housewife, [redacted] Delaware, Ohio was interviewed and substantiated all the facts given by her husband in paragraph 4, and added the following:

... 5 April 1948 at approximately 2:30 PM I happened to look out of my kitchen window and was attracted by an object in the sky with an unusual shape, I did not hear any airplanes but I went outside to look at this object. It was very white and there were no shadows on it, and it was so unusual that I called to my husband to come out and see it. It was cylindrical in shape and seemed to have vapor around it at the top. When I first saw it it appeared to be leaning at an angle and then it seemed to right itself and moved along perpendicular to the ground. It did not appear to be moving at first but after watching it closely we could see that it was moving slowly in a southerly direction. It did not make any sound and it did not maneuver, it seemed to remain at the same altitude and it did not leave any exhaust

-4-
COPY