The image provided does not contain any photographs. It's a page from a written report. Below is the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text found in the document:

```
May 5, 1949

Technical Intelligence Division
Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

The May 7th issue of the Saturday Evening
Post has at last provided me with a likely ad-
dress to forward such information as I have on
"one of those things in the sky"; as the Post
termed it in an article titled "What You Can Be-
lieve About Flying Saucers."

On December 1st, 1948 between 10:30 and 11:00
at night my husband Dr. [REDACTED] and myself
were returning from Tarpon Springs to St. Peters-
burg. As than [that?] time I saw what I can only term as
a propelled glint of light. It being night, I had no
way of determining exactly how far it was from us.
Several miles I would guess, As to its altitude
I can only say that it was clearly visible across
the upper quarter of the windshield as viewed from
a normal sitting position in the front seat of an
automobile. I believe it couldn't have been over
three seconds that this lighted object showed
themselves as I first sighted them directly ahead
through the passenger's side of the windshield.
Taking that at zero, I have SRO to figure the lights
crossed dead front not more than a sixty degree angle
two to three seconds later. A small wonder that its
transitions speed reminded me of the meteors one
sees shooting through the sky! However, it dawned
on me that it wasn’t a meteor a hundred times mag-
nified (they seem about the size of the full moon
when it is over head) because it wasn’t falling.
It was going at this terrific speed parallel to the
faint horizon made by the lights of a town. I don’t
know what direction it or we were going. The only
clue is faint as that is this: I immediately leaned
over the dashboard and looked up & the stars for a
familiar constellation.
``` 

Please note that any inconsistencies or errors in the text are due to imperfections in the original document or the OCR process. The text "[REDACTED]" indicates that personal information has been redacted from the original document for privacy reasons.