The image is a page from a document and does not contain a photograph. It's a typewritten report. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

---

Top Secret Security Information
{Indistinct}
Page 3 Incl. W/{Indistinct} 218C

Name and address of observer: Name redacted
Inspector Atomic Energy Security Service
Los Alamos, N. M.

Comments of interviewer relating to intelligence and character of
observer(s):

REDACTED Ju. 476(?): At approximately 2053, December 20, 1948 while
driving over State Route #54, toward the South Gate (Station #90),
ASSS Inspector REDACTED observed what appeared to be at first glance
a meteorite travelling from left to right, at right angles to the
direction he was moving. The object seemed almost the size of a tennis
ball and was a glaring white similar to the color of white-hot steel
in a smelting furnace. The ball had a small conical shaped tail that
appeared to be pale green-ish in color and this tail, was not as clearly
defined as the ball itself but seemed to be of a gaseous nature.
 
The object appeared to be travelling on a controlled, level course and
was visible approximately a second and a half, disappearing from view
behind the trees that bordered the road. As he made a sharp right
turn on the road the object again was visible for approximately a second
and this time was considerably farther away. During this interval he
observed a small light to the right of the object which appeared to be
travelling with it. This smaller light was similar in appearance to a
running light on an airplane and seemed reddish in color. The object
and accompanying light disappeared from view behind the tops of more
trees and he was unable to catch another glimpse of it.
 
Inasmuch as this event occurred at night and due to the terrain over
which he was travelling it was difficult to state the exact direction
in which the object was travelling. In addition, since he had no way
of determining the actual size it was equally difficult to judge the
altitude of the object.

Statement (oral) to Special Agent NEFF and Dr La Paz on 29 Dec 48
was made by ASSS Inspector REDACTED who accompanied REDACTED. Description
of REDACTED agreed with that of the concurrent sighting by
REDACTED as to color, speed, trajectory and distance as well
as time.

---