The image you provided is a photocopy of a text document. There are no photographs present in the image.

The text from the document reads as follows:

-----

UNCLASSIFIED

Air Material Command
Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio

5. On 27 August 1948, [Redacted], resigning mdz Tkilopolo, 
Uniontown, Police Department, Uniontown, Pennsylvania, was interviewed, The informant 
supplied the following signed statement, the original of which 
is marked (Exhibit III).

6. On 27 August 1948, [Redacted], resigning hopatoklo, 
Uniontown, Pennsylvania, was interviewed, The informant 
supplied the following signed statement, the original of which 
is marked (Exhibit IV).

7. [Redacted], whom it may concern; On the night of 25 June 
1948 at Uniontown, Pa., I was sitting on my front porch when 
suddenly I noticed a very peculiar sight. At around 5,000 Ft.
far as traveling very fast and appeared to shine with an 
orange color, This caused much confusion in the town. In 
about three of this time object a approximately 2/3 minute 
interval. After cruising the second one was called it to Police 
headquarters. This Daughter's attention, They saw
the third one. It was a very beautiful sight as it passed 
slowly across the sky a flash of lightning could be seen 
through the object, it seemed to end transparent. It would say 
the weather at that time had a slight cloudly. East, the object 
was beneath the basis of the clouds, The object was not or round 
from it. However, it had a trail of light about 30 yards long 
attached to it. It rolled vertically on its edge not flat and 
looked something like this; (See Exhibit IV) "Spinning" 
and across the sky. Traveled from Southwest to Northeast. It 
and disappear behind the house Across the street from where I 
a time. - Not true. Catherine Copraid.

8. On 29 August 1948, [Redacted], resigning foxesismicle, 
Uniontown, Pennsylvania, was interviewed. The informant 
supplied the following signed 

UNCLASSIFIED EO DOWNGRADE 
AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DOWN TO CONFIDENTIAL 
AFTER 12 YEARS.
declassify under DDR&E (DOD Dir. 5200.10)

-----