The image displays a typewritten document, and there is no photograph included within the image. Below is the text output from the document as if an OCR system was processing it:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

                                  *** A V *** 
                             HEADQUARTERS
                        3315T AIR FORCE BASE UNIT (RES TNG)
                       STOUT FIELD, INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA

AFOIN-LX

3 August 1948

SUBJECT: Report on "Flying Disc"

TO:    Commanding General
       Air Material Command
       Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
       Dayton, Ohio
       ATTN: TSDIN

In accordance with ADC Letter 15-5 Subject: Reporting of Informa-
tion on "Flying Discs", dtd 25 March 1948, the following report is hereby
submitted:

(1) Sighted at approximately 0955 hours on 29 July 1948
    at the Bridge East of the intersection of East 56th
    St and Fall Creek Boulevard in the Northeastern
    part of Indianapolis, Indiana.
(2) Weather at time of sighting was excellent, no clouds
    in sky.
(3) Witnessed by Mr. [censored] of [censored], 
    Indianapolis and Mr. [censored] employed by the [censored],
    Indianapolis, both [address redacted] Ave., Indianapolis,
    no photograph available.
(4) Sketch of object attached.
(5) Object sighted:
    (a) One (1)
    (b) Shaped like a broad short propellar.
    (c) Approximately six (6) to eight (8) feet long,
         each blade approximately two (2) feet wide
         and approximately one (1) foot thick with
         cups on upper side of blades.
    (d) Appeared to be aluminum or shiny in color.
    (e) Travelling approximately twenty-five (25) or
         thirty (30) mph.
    (f) Headed approximately South and in a bank to
         the left.
    (g) Sighted just above the tress at approximately
         thirty (30) feet altitude.
    (h) Appeared to be gliding with no apparent
         upflaring motion.
    (i) No discernable sound.
    (j) No exhaust trail.
(7) Two witnesses were in company truck at time of sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

The document includes a classification marking ("UNCLASSIFIED"), the headquarters address, subject line regarding "Flying Disc", the addressee information, the date of the report, details of the sighting (including conditions, witnesses, description of the object, behavior, etc.), and ends with the same classification marking. The sketch mentioned in the text ("Sketch of object attached") is not visible in the provided image, and specific personal information has been redacted from the transcript.