There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

The text from the document is as follows:

```
Flying Fuselages (Torpedo or Cigar-Shaped Body)

a. While the cigar or torpedo shaped body represents an ef-
ficient form for the passage of an airplane or the body of a guided missile,
in neither case has it been used as a primary lift producing surface.
However, an extension of the Pradt theory of lifts indicates that a fuse-
lage of the dimensions reported by the Eastern Airline pilots, xxxxx and
xxxxx, in the Montgomery, Alabama, incident could support a gross weight
of approximately 12,000 pounds as an arbitrarily chosen sailing speed
of 150 miles per hour, conservatively estimated. The Pradt theory
probably gives very conservative values of maximun life for bodies of this
shape. If a lift coeficient two as great were used (such a value has
been given by a German scientist Emergency of his wind tunnel researches
in Germany), a gross weight of 21,000 pounds could be supported at the
assumed sailing speed.

b. Although the craft sighted by xxxxx and xxxxx was reported
to be without wings or fins, its possibility is could had been equipped
with extensible wing code to-off and landing, containing win thin these
leg. Such a case is wing span of only 20 from could cross, in
such a seelgt ratio of 5 would used (is near man 9 seats would be possible),
the wing span unnecessary would be as xxxxxxxxx 100 pounds, xxxx 15,000
pounds as to sailing speed of 150 mph. It is possible that the fuselage
coul instance contribute lift in this augment, depending upon the in-
cidence on the wing. This type of aircraft could also be partially sup-
ported off shape to take-off and landing condition by the vertical component
or the jet thrust, if the landing and take-off took place with the fus-
lage axis, or the jet stream direction in a vertical or nearly vertical
attitude. Thus a fuselage possibly that as would provide a concerned
within the fuselage, could that would allow would prior, other method
for landing and take-off to be utilized, would therefore at very high
speed. Such a design could result in a relatively large duration of
flight and over corresponding range.

c. While no stabilizing fins were apparent on the "Flying
Fuselage" reported by xxxxx and xxxxx, it is possible that vanes with-
in the jets, operated by a gyro-servo system could have provided the
stability, longitudinally, directionally and laterally. The same vanes
could also have been used for accomplishing take-balle on the gyro, as
well as control for maneuvering. A square tailed bo by oy of the type rep-
resenting the center of gravity could possibly for xxxxx xxx as 9 longi-
tudinal stabe, A critical stability could be attained cetr 47 de to
lift className, stability would be provided by judicious us of the elemento
control slors located somewhere along the fuselage.
``` 

(Please note that the text contains redacted information represented by "xxxxx," which could signify names or other sensitive details that are not disclosed within the document.)