There are no photographs present in the image of the document you have provided. 

Here is the text within the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED                   11 May 49
PROJECT GRUDGE

tried to establish radio contact and also green light contact with the varying 
results. Thinking perhaps it could be a refloeion, completely opened the window 
and still the object was as clear as ever. He believes it was approximately 25,200 feet in diam-
eter and not moving. The object appeared to be approximately one foot in diam-
eter from snout to inner circle! Vertically. Of horizontally. orless, and 8500 miles, 
to be from 10 to 15,000 feet high, with no sound or trail, no effects on the 
clouds, ard resembled a bright red lights as on an aircraft, however, therp was 
no movement to the light. it stated that his later checked Flight Service, 
Selfridge Field, Michigan, and inquired about the phenomenon but they told him 
that he would have to go through proper channels. The informant didn't believe it 
could have been a helicopter or balloon because the light stayed at st same 
level all the time last it was visible. It seemed more like a hose lights of 
a Consolidated Aircraft, however, a light of this type would have to be coming 
straight toward a person to where a person's eyes were not ilnating and in other 
terms, it would have passed out of sight completely. XXX and XXX does not wear 
glasses.

6. On 25 April 1949, Mr. XXXX XX CAA, Cleveland Municipal Airport,
Cleveland, Ohio, stated in substance that on the night of 5 April 1949, at
was visiting Mr. XXXX in the Control Tower, Cleveland Municipal Airport and
that at about 2255 he noticed a red light in the air. After calling XXX
XXX in, XXXX attention to the object and watching it for a couple of
minutes, they noticed that the light had not moved. The light through the 
airman's winning tower's vision glasses. After watching the lights to view the 
lights, XXXX an attempt made and it still had the same brightness to the naked 
eye. It appeared to be a large red object about 2 to 3 feet in diameter. 
It was a bright clear night and there was nothing to normally compare it with.
It appeared to be about 15,000 feet high, 30-40 degrees from five ground and 
approximately north by northwest ot the Control Tower. The light looked per-
fectly round and had reflections like a person would notice in an eclipse of 
the moon. The light was steady, did not appear to move and faded out suddenly 
at about 2305 hours. A light similar to this was seen the following night 
by the control tower operators. The control tower could not make contact with 
the object. The object had no sound or odor. XXXX stated that he thought 
it could have been a meteor, balloon, jet exhaust, autogyro, or dirigible,
but any of these would have moved in the total time visible. XXXX does not 
wear glasses.

7. A check of the local investigative agencies in the Cleveland Area Failed 
to produce any information regarding the Aerial Phenomena.

8. It was learned during the course of this investigation that the closest
radar station is at Columbus, Ohio.

UNCLASSIFIED
```