The image provided is a scanned text document and does not contain any photographs.

The text of the document is as follows:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
STANDARD

I am a Reserve pilot, 703rd ACG Unit, at Fresno, California. On the night of
February 28, 1949, I was pilot of a T11 aircraft No. 736 on a round-trip flight 
from Fresno Air Terminal, California, to Los Angeles and return. I departed Fresno
1845 hours with one crew member. At approximately 2030 PST while in the vicinity of
Sandberg Pass, 10 miles south of Bakersfield, while flying on a northerly heading
at an altitude of approximately 9,000 feet, I observed what appeared to be a jet-
propelled aircraft of an unfamiliar type, either very near Sandberg Pass with their
scrattered clouds, visibility 10 miles*, temperature 36C, cloud covering at approximately
20,000 feet, dew point 31, wind south 7, altimeter 3007. The visibility West was
1 mile with fog ceiling and visibility variable due to scattered stratus drifting in
the area. The object with the general shape of a slim speedhead-headed-on about
1500 feet above me, made a complete 360° circle, and which on a heading of 150° to my
course. The object left a steady glow at the rear left I believe to be a jet
exhaust. At the time I was unable to warn the rear of this aircraft and due to time
observed, the object. The co-pilot too determined it disappearing two minutes arc less
anvailable conditions. The object appeared to be six times the size of a T-11 
and that it took about 180 seconds for object to make a 360° turn about my aircraft.
During this maneuver I observed the object to be approximately 200 feet long of the
flight. The windshield of my aircraft was clear at the time the observation fras
made.

When the object completed the turn and left; I immediately attempted to contact
the pilot of another aircraft also on a round-robin about 10 minutes behind me,
It was answered by someone who I believed to be this pilot but I later learned that,
although he had been only momentarily, he had been unable to maneuver to the
difference of the individual I communicated with. The co-pilot did not observe as 
identifiy the individual with whom I communicated. The other pilot that I was
attempting to contact did not observe the object and to my knowledge I am the only
person who made the actual observation.

                                      [Redacted]
                                      1st Lieut., USAF

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```