There are no photographs present in the image provided.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
103 MAIN STREET
PEEKSKILL, NEW YORK
TELEPHONE PEEKSKILL 5000-5001

Technical Intelligence Division Page 2.
July 25, 1949

willing to give an oath to what they saw.

Another strange thing that has happened: W.L.N.A., our local 
radio station, is located on the hill opposite to where our home
is located. They leave the air at 8:00 p.m., every evening. That
is about 45 minutes before the discs were seen. The cloud into
which they disappeared was almost above the station's antenna.
The station has not been functioning properly. However, it was
supposed to be OK on Saturday morning following the appearance of
the discs.

Yesterday, I had two programs on W.L.N.A. Ordinarily the
station is wonderful; but Sunday something was the matter and
the trouble could not be located. This morning (Monday), they
still have not located the difficulty. One of my broadcasts was
transcribed on a trash tape. We made the recording Friday afternoon and when we immediately played it back, it was perfectly all
right. But when we went on the Air Sunday, it was distorted.
Later, at 6:45 p.m. (Sunday), I had _________
Air in a personal studio appearance. Again the reproduction was
bad on our home radio; according to those who were listening.
At the station, I had asked the engineer to make a tape of our
broadcast and we played it back afterwards and it was also badly
distorted.

My thought in telling you this; could it be possible that these
discs were electrical phenomena of some sort that has magnetized
the station's equipment and tapes, or is it some sort of atomic
energy that is loose and loading things with radio active waves,
or something designed to block radar? This is just a wild guess.
If this same pattern has happened elsewhere, then it might add up
to something.

If you want further information, contact us.

Cordially yours,

[Signature redacted]

Executive Secretary

gd
```

Note: The signature and possibly other sensitive information have been redacted from the document.