The image provided is a text document; there are no photographs to describe. I will now act as an OCR and produce the text found in the document:

```plaintext
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

                                      STATEMENT

   I, -------- --------, residing at Room No. 2, ------------ Akron, Ohio, having been duly advised of my rights under the Constitution of the United States of America that I need not make any statement; that any statement in this respect will not raise any inference of guilt against me; that I may make a sworn or unsworn statement; and that any statement I care to make may be used against me in any proceeding, civil or criminal, which may arise from the facts hereinafter stated, do proceed to state as follows:

Q. What is your name?
A. -------- --------.

Q. Where do you reside?
A. ---------------, Akron, Ohio.

Q. Where are you employed?
A. At this present time I am unemployed. Until February 1949, I was employed at the B. F. Goodrich Company, Akron, Ohio, where I was laid off because of a reduction in force.

Q. What was the date of your observation of the incident you mentioned in your letter to Headquarters, Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio?
A. The date was 5 February 1949, at approximately 0330 hours.

Q. Where were you at the time of the incident?
A. I was driving approximately three (3) to five (5) miles south of Parkersburg, West Virginia, on U. S. Route #21 toward Elizabeth, West Virginia.

Q. What happened?
A. The highway and roadside were suddenly illuminated with an intense white light, changing into a reddish yellow light that lit up the whole area. I was going up a grade at the time between Parkersburg, West Virginia, and Mineral Wells, West Virginia.

Q. After the flash or lighting up of the highway, did you see any objects?
A. No, I saw no objects. However, I don't believe this was a mechanical thing. It didn't appear to be mechanical. There was this white light which diminished to this reddish yellow color, and then I was in darkness again.

Q. What was the length of time of this incident?
A. I would say that it lasted for approximately fifteen (15) to twenty (20) seconds.

HL/CL of HL
Page 1 of 5 pages.
UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that the original document has certain sections blacked out to protect personal information, which are indicated here with "--------".