UNCLASSIFIED

UNKNOWN SUBJECT 24-114

approximately that of the diameter of the nearby smoke stack; color was thought to have been silver. During period of observation, estimated to have been one minute, the objects were thought to have been moving away from the observer until they faded into the distance. [redacted] thought the objects had a thin stream of flame one-half its vertical magnitude, and one times its horizontal length, extending from its top. No projections of any sort were noted; no accompanying sounds were heard. Weather was evaluated as relatively clear with slight haze.

5. On 2 Oct 1949 the site of the Hamilton Helicopter Assembly Shop, BOAC Terminal, Baltimore Municipal Airport, was visited, but observance suggested the Hamilton Company no longer existed in that location. Sub-sequent inquiry in the area suggested this concern had moved to a downtown location several months ago; that the nearest helicopter concern, actively engaged in flying, was in Delaware. No knowledge of the Hamilton Heli-copter having flown in this area recently was known.

6. On 3 October 1949 WOJG [redacted] NIC Center, Camp Holabird, Md, was interviewed and stated in substance:

Upon leaving the post in his car at about 1525 hours, 30 September 1949, when the MP on duty called his attention to two (2) objects hovering to the right of the smoke stack of the Chevrolet Assembly Plant, approximately one thousand (1,000) yards SW of the Main Gate Guard House on Holabird, Ave. [redacted] described the objects as being about 30 inches in diameter, circular in shape, which appeared to be directed toward him at an angle of about 30 degrees from the horizontal; slightly convex and having concentric circles impressed upon the surface facing him. They appeared to be made of a vapor or gas of a silvery color, translucent and reflected light. The source of light (sun) was to the left (south) of the objects. The objects were not moving and there was no indication of smoke, flame or locomotive power. They hung in a stationary manner during the two minutes period of [redacted] observation. The weather was clear with no noticeable haze or industrial smoke.

7. On 3 Oct 1949 the records of the Civil Aeronautic Authority Patrol, Municipal Airport, Baltimore, Md. were examined and the record of the airport traffic controller (tower-operator) for the period, 0800 to 1600 hours, 30 Sept 1949 read as follows: "....UFR weather entire period. Operations normal."

8. Investigation in the immediate area of this reported activity failed to reveal any apparent cause or source for this phenomenon.

DISCLOSURES

FOR HEADQUARTE:S, OSI

1. Photograph showing area of observation taken from point of observation. Arrow indicates position of objects (In Duplicate).

-3-

UNCLASSIFIED