The image does not contain any photographs. Here is the text transcribed from the document:

---
APPENDIX I

In the following section of this report, each remaining unexplained incident is considered separately. It is not the intent to generally discredit the character of observers, but each case has undesirable elements, and these cannot be disregarded. The numerical designation is merely the categorical order of the incident in the project files.

Incident No. 1 - 8 July 1947, 0930 hours local, Muroc Air Force Base. Four witnesses, all observed two silver disc like or spherical objects against a clear bright sky. All witnesses estimated the altitude at about 3000 feet, and the speed between 300 and 400 mph. It is possisble to estimate distance and speed of an object with a fair degree of accuracy if the size is known. The distance is judged on the known size and speed on an estimate of distance, plus angular change in position (see page 3, app. G). In this incident the size could not be known, owing to the fact that the object was not identified. The time in sight and angular distance traveled were not given. However, the first witness stated he sighted the objects at 0950, and the last witness said he was called to view the objects at l000. The object's time in sight was therefore estimated to be at least one-half hour. The objects reportedly traveled in a straight line. Taking the mean reported speed (350 MPH), the objects must then have traveled 175 MPH while in sight. If the object's were of such proportions as to be seen at that distance, it is believed that more details could have been observed at the first sighting. Two additional remarkable aspects of this case are:

1. A few moments previous to the sighting, the first witness was engaged in conversation. Quoting the witness, "My part in this conversation was as follows: 'Someone will have to show me one of those discs before I will believe it.'"

2. The statements of the three other witnesses were made to the first witness. All three agree almost identically with the first. It is probable, therefore, that their evidence was influenced by suggestion.

AIC Opinion: This report is a result of misinterpretation of the nature of real stimuli, probably research balloons.
---