The image provided does not contain any photographs, but it is a document with text. Here is the text as it appears in the document:

```plaintext
CONFIDENTIAL

DETAILS:

LUDINGTON, MICHIGAN

[...]

On 20 April 1949 at 2100-2130 hours,     , age 25, and     , age 36, were inter-
viewed at the residence of     as follows:

     On 20 April 1949 at 2100-2130 hours,     and     were at the City Dump, Ludington, Michigan, located approximately 7 blocks north and 7 blocks east of     residence. They stated they saw a trail of bluish smoke or clouds going straight west, at about the same rate of speed as a jet fighter. They looked ahead of this smoke observer and saw an object, approximately 100' in diameter, and appeared to be the cause of this smoke. This object was round and was observed by     as reflecting in a dull red color, because of the bright moonlight. It was described in size approximately two blocks long, who mistook it for a cloud. The object was in sight approximately 10 minutes during which time a wind was blowing from the west and headed for the Ludington City reservoir to notify them of the obser-
vation. About two minutes after     turned the downtown area of Ludington,     stated he looked around and the object was gone out of sight, and that it had assumed a tilted position, with the right side slightly inclined upward. In a matter of minutes after that time, the sky cleared, sun bright, and quite hot, clouds very high in the sky.     , after this distance and height of object, to be approximately 1½ miles away and 5,000 ft. high.     stated that the first time clouds seemed to come from the object, but was quite small in diameter at first, and gradually increased in size until approximately a half mile in diameter before disappearing. No further information was given by either of these two objects.

     stated that approximately one week from the date of this report after considering the instance, he received a post card from an unknown woman in Eastern Michigan, near Detroit, saying she had seen several of these objects over her house and would like him to write her and discuss what he had seen. Efforts to obtain an identification of this unknown woman were negative although concluded from what find the post card, and will forward same to this agent.

AT VANDERCOOK LAKE MICHIGAN

This phase of the investigation was conducted by Special Agent 
CURTIS P. SMYTHE

[...]

UNCLASSIFIED

DO 202 FILE 24-5

CONFIDENTIAL
```