The document contains a hand-drawn diagram consisting of several dots that represent stars, and among them, there is a pair of dots labeled "fuzzy stars." The diagram represents the night sky as observed by the person who wrote the report, with annotations indicating the direction of "North" and a comparison of the size of the "fuzzy stars" to the full moon. There are no photographs present, only this simple illustration.

The text from the document is as follows:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

HOLLOMAN AIR FORCE BASE
ALAMOGORDO, NEW MEXICO
DHM/jscl

16 May 1949

REPORT OF AN UNUSUAL (?) NATURAL (?) PHENONMENON

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN

On the night of May 12, 1949, while enroute from Holloman Air Force Base to Alamogordo, New Mexico, in a two-door sedan, I noted an atmospheric or celestial (?) phenomenon that I have been unable to explain. I am still not entirely convinced that what I saw may not have been an optical illusion of an unusual character.

Shortly after leaving Holloman Base, I looked out toward the Sacramento Range, to the East. The time was about 9:30, possibly as early as 9:15. I was watching the moon rise. At the moment, the moon had an altitude of perhaps 15º to 18º above the top of the Sacramento ridge. The moon was nearly full and the sky was bright. I was interested, therefore, to see a bright star, perhaps 60 – 80 East from the moon. I wondered what the star was. When the sky is so bright that the fainter stars do not show, I find it hard to locate the constellations. The star had a faint reddish color.

As I watched for a minute or two, I became conscious of another star considerably nearer the horizon. The star had a fuzzy appearance, caused, I thought, by low-level atmosphere haze. As I watched I noted, within half a minute, a second star about three degrees to the South of the first. I think the Northernmost star appeared first, but am not completely sure.

My first impression was that the stars were Castor and Pollux, of Gemini. Both increased in brightness rather slowly, which was not surprising for a pair of stars rising. I watched for perhaps another minute and suddenly became conscious of the fact that the stars couldn't have been Castor and Pollux, because Gemini is in the West rather than the East. Furthermore, the size of the fuzzy images bothered me. They were, as far as I could tell, very nearly identical in diameter, which was about one-fourth the diameter of the full moon. The following picture, drawn from memory about 12 hours later, depicts the approximate circumstances:

[o'O'oo     North] ← (directional arrow)
                20º ↑ (angle measurement annotation)
                fuzzy stars (label for the pair of dots)

The fuzzy stars were three or four degrees above the horizon as defined by the mountain range.

UNCLASSIFIED
------------------------
DECLASSIFIED
Authority (indecipherable codes) 
Date: (indecipherable codes)
---