The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page of text. Here is the text as an OCR output:

UNCLASSIFIED
On February 4th, the four persons just a few a low-level air
reconnaissance mission in a T-ll aircraft over the area surrounding
the  South-point of the fireball of January 30th. At the same time
a second ground survey party under Lt Paul Ryan made a careful field
search along a route extending from Lamesa through Amherst, Texas,
to Clovis, New Mexico.

3. As a result of the ground and air searches referred to above,
and of an analysis of the very large amount of information obtained
from eyewitnesses by personal interviews, by telephone conversation
and by letter, it has now (as of 1930. est.ex. - time of the fall) become clear
that several thousand persons in New Mexico and Texas saw this great
fireball January 30th. From the many available reports it now appears
that the last known visible location and heading of the
fireball immediately before the fall was visible at an altitude of-up-
wards of twelve miles in the sky. At latitude 31째 50', longitude
102째 50', and disappeared at an altitude of approximately eight miles 
over a point at latitude 33째 19', longitude 102째 22', after traversing 
a nearly horizontal path approximately 300 miles long at a velocity 
of from 30 to four minutes per second. Although the January 30th 
ire-ball must be ranked among the brightest observed in the last quarter
of a century, and in spite of this fact that its real path lay closer 
to the earth throughout its entire extent than any other meteorite 
path of which we now have knowledge. (excepting only two anomalous
green fireballs of December 12th and 20th, 1948), the meteoric 
destruction and long continued rumblings which without exception accompany large meteorite falls were not observed on January 30th during 
any time in the very large region covered by the various ground surveys.
However, what may have been hidden noises (anomalous whizzing and
missing sounds frequently reported by very distant observers as
having heard at the same time that a meteoritic fireball was
seen were heard as well), using radio near Plumhouse, Texas.

4. In addition to the absence of noise anomaly referred to in
the last paragraph, the fireball of January 30th, 1949, shows several 
other features (e.g., nearly horizontal path, absence of long enduring 
luminous train or dust clouds, inc. to the South direction, etc) character-
istic of the green fireballs earlier described in this series of
reports. However, the January 30th fireball was much brighter than
any of those earlier reported and differed from the other green fire-
balls in that many of the Texas observers who were situated nearest 
its path reported its color as blue, orange, red and even purple in-
stead of green.

5. Up to the present time (February 21st), no evidence whatever
appearing to be valid has thus far reached us as to exactly where the January 30th 
fireball has been circled area. However, as from the observa-
tions, no more thorough ground search should be made in this pos-
sible area of fall as outlined by the earlier survey; for, in my
opinion, any small meteorite which may have survived would now undoubtedly be a meteor large.

UNCLASSIFIED

2 

(Note: There appear to be typographical errors and inconsistencies in the original text, which have been transcribed as-is.)