The image you've provided is of a page from an old UFO report document, part of Project Blue Book. There is no photograph on this page, only text.

Here is the textual content present in the image:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

he referred to DOUG DOUGLAS and MICHAEL DOUGLAS, both of whom were allegedly representing Radio Station KKRD, (Los Angeles). The orientation lecture was given by Captain GORVY, according to ROBERTS.

13. ROBERTS was questioned further about any knowledge of a recent sighting of an object as indicated in ILLU's article heretofore quoted and he stated that he "was not in on this" but put "two and two together" and related the following incident. ROBERTS stated that he was recording for a future broadcast and was under and past the restraining ropes, where the rest of the visiting newsmen were, in order that he might get some oxygen "swoosh" as it was being pumped into the rocket. As he stepped back under the restraining ropes he overheard Commander M'CAUGHLY say something to some ne—
identify note know—about objects being sighted in the sky. ROBERTS said that he then made a remark to Commander M'CAUGHLY about him "holding out on him" and this Commander mentioned something about a note with sighting and some photo-
graphs. ROBERTS said that he questioned the Commander about the last remark and the Commander seemed embarrassed, ROBERTS reasoned that the Commander "hedged" on this point and said the photographs "didn't turn out," or words to that effect, indicating that the photographic "nerps" were taken but that through some error the results of the photography were useless.

14. ROBERTS concluded by stating that it "didn't seem that it was necessary as to who was supplying information to at least one of the quoted military newsmen as the writer claimed to talk to all USAF "Code of Communications and News. It is noted that CIVILMAT was also listed as a visitor at the test.

15. The writer checked the library files of the Hollywood Citizen-News at their offices at 1545 North Wilcox Avenue, Hollywood, California, and located a story datelined Tuesday, 30 August 1949, by ALLAN UNION. This article is being forwarded to LW 17 with copies of this report and the article read as follows:

"HOWLING AROUND

"With Austin Conover

"FLYING DISKS REAL, SAY ROCKET EXPERTS

"Mysterious flying objects that are called 'flying saucers' or fly-
ing disks' have been sighted by rocket experts at White Sands Proving
Ground, New Mexico.

"During a visit there last week, I was told by a top Navy officer
who has had long experience in observing high-altitude missilies:

"While sunbathing one day recently I saw a mysterious object cover-
ing high in the air above me.

"Just before that, I turned in a report to Washington that two such objects were observed by a party of rocket experts visiting here. At that
```

Please note that the text is cut off on this page, and the content is incomplete.