There are no photographs present on this document page. 

Here is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

---
9. _______ , Manchester, New Hampshire, whose father, who was inside a house when the object fell but came out when called, noticed a bright red glow about 15 or 20 miles in a northwest direction from where he was standing.

10. The search and early warning radar net of the 647th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron, Grenier Air Force Base, N. H., was inoperative at the time the object was sighted. No radar information was available on 20 October 1949.

11. Captain ______ , NL4665A, Base Operations Officer, Grenier Air Force Base, was contacted by base and advised of the incident. ETICAM informed the New Hampshire State Police and then led a search crew to the area in an effort to locate the scene where the object had fallen but the search was unsuccessful.

12. Captain ______ , SAULSBERR JR, RQ-761625, Grenier Air Force Base, Ill., was alerted to the incident in a C-47 aircraft at the area where the object was sighted. He did locate something burning on the ground, but it was later found that he had spotted a burning refuse dump.

13. Extensive inquiry has been made among the residents in the area, where the object was last observed in an effort to locate other witnesses, but to date none have been found nor have any remains of the object been located.

14. Interviews were conducted with the representatives of the Civil Aeronautics Administration and the New Hampshire State Aeronautics Commission, both of Concord, near Manchester Airport. The following airports and flying services were also contacted:

    Martin's Flying Services and Fern's Flying Service, both of Concord, N. H. Airport; and Bylado Flying Service, Hooksett, N. H.

None of these interviewees had seen or received reports of any unconventional aircraft in the vicinity. There were no FIL hits of scheduled airlines, private or military aircraft in the air at the time of the incident.

15. Upon request of this office, Captain J. E. WILLIAMSON, AQ-667719, 6th Rescue Squadron, Westover Air Force Base, Massachusetts, made a reconnaissance of the vicinity but was unable to locate any evidence of a burned out area.

16. It will be noted that the area over which the object was believed to have exploded is in the same general area of the incident reported by Special Agent GERALD H. RUSSELL, File No. 24-422, dated 7 October 1949. It will also be noted that in both cases those objects were sighted on the twentieth day of the month by persons not connected in any way.

UNCLASSIFIED

---