There is no photograph present in this image; it contains only text. The following is the OCR-generated text from the document:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED

5. Mrs.
agent, made substantially the same statement but differed
on two (2) points. She stated that the gray smoke was
trailing behind the object in a steady stream and that when
the object disappeared, no large puff of smoke was observed.
It is stated: "When the object reached the horizon, it
seemed to disappear. It just disappeared strangely.
She also stated that the smoke trail remained in the sky
for some time after the object disappeared. The observer
is positive that what she observed was not sky-writing, by
conventional aircraft, as she has witnessed this procedure
before.

6. Mrs.
is a middle-aged housewife, slightly corpulent, Winchendon, Mass.,
types and able to determine unusual appearances of aircraft.
Her attention was drawn to the object by Mrs. 
Observer is of average intelligence, has been known to this
agent for sixteen (16) years and is usually reliable.

7. On 29 October 1949, this agent interrogated Mr.
proprietor of Edward's Gift Shop, Central
St., Winchendon, Mass.
the object, knew it was not an aircraft of the usual types,
but could not recall anything of its appearance. He
positively stated that the object was unusual and definitely
not a conventional aircraft. This observer has knowledge of
aircraft types. His attention was not drawn to the sky by
the reflecting sun as the sky was partly cloudy above 30,000
miles long and is deemed a reputable businessman of usual
reliability.

AT WESTOVER AIR FORCE BASE, MASSACHUSETTS

8. The weather sequence for 26 October 1949 was
obtained from Westover Air Force Base Weather Station and is
as follows:

Date: 26 October 1949
Time: 1025 EST
Ceiling: Estimated 3,000 ft.
Sky Conditions: Broken, Broken
Visibility: 3 miles
Sea Level Pressure: 1014.2 MB
Temperature: 55 deg. F.
Dew Point: 52 deg. F.
Wind Direction: WSW
Wind Speed: 15 MPH
Altimeter: 29.95 inches
Remarks: second broken layer of clouds is Estimated
21,000 ft.

UNCLASSIFIED
```