The image provided is a page of text with no photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

-10-

ground is well moistened or possesses an extensive network of conducting elements (water pipes, telephone and electric cables, etc.)

It follows that the lightning flash will be observed more frequently at these relatively high points than elsewhere, and hence probably that "ball lightning" will appear to develop quite commonly at such points.

Brush discharges tend to form at sharply convex extremities of objects, and align themselves in the direction of the potential gradient. "Tall-grounded conducting objects would generally receive preference. These considerations apply to cases which were classified by the layman as "ball lightning" but actually were cases of St. Elmo's Fire (bright glow or brush discharges).

There have been reports by observers of "ball lightning" to the effect that the phenomenon appeared to 'float through a room or other space for a brief interval of time without making contact with or being attracted by objects.' Filmer and Workman¹ have published a reproduction of moving film camera photographs of unusual discharges during thunderstorms. In the case of the phenomenon observed at Santa Fe, New Mexico (elevation 7000 feet) on the night of September 3, 1936, these authors state "The cameras were mounted rigidly on a bench in a portable laboratory. The discharge was probably about 100 feet from the cameras, although the exact distance is not known since no thunder associated with this flash could be distinguished from the general background of thunder. The discharge occurred within less than one-thousandth of a second after an intense cloud ground stroke at somewhat this portion of the sky. Analysis of the photographs indicates that the discharge consisted of at least four luminous darts moving with a perceived velocity of the order of 10⁵ cm/sec. The most notable features of this discharge are (1) Its irregularity of path and rapid reversals in direction, (2) its proximity to ground objects with no apparent contact with the ground, (3) the bead nature of the path, and (4) the progress of the discharge in two directions from a single point."

Note should be made of the fact that the luminous darts did not appear to be attracted to available ground objects even though they were in the vicinity of the ground. On this basis it cannot be stated whether there are any definite objects to which all cases of "ball lightning" would be attracted. We should think that sharp-pointed, grounded objects are most likely to attract "ball lightning."

I. Holser, R. E., and Workman, E. J., Jour. of Applied Physics, vol. 10, p. 659 (1939).