The image does not contain a photograph. It is a typewritten page of text from what appears to be an official document.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. On 9 August 1949, this office received a telephone call from a 
reliable federal agency concerning information pertaining to the alleged 
sighting of unconventional aircraft. This office conducted an interview 
of the individual, Mr. -----, who was alleged to have observed 
the object and made a search of the area where two (2) of the alleged 
discs are presumed to have fallen.

AT GREAT FALLS AIR FORCE BASE, GREAT FALLS, MONTANA

2. On 9 August 1949, this AGENT received a telephone call from Mr.
LANGEN, Assistant Supervisor, Federal Bureau of Investigation District 
Office, Butte, Montana, to the effect that a Mr. -----, ----- -----, 
of -----, Butte, Montana, ---- Yellowston, Montana, had advised the Butte 
Office. FBl, that an employe of his, and a number of guests at the Lodge 
had, on the morning of 9 August 1949, sighted a flight of flying discs, 
two of which had landed in the immediate surrounding area. Seven of them 
were reputed to have come across the Lake area at about 0930 hours, two 
of these failing in the immediate area, one in a wooded area on the opposite 
shore of the Lake and one in the Lake itself. Approximately one-half hour 
later another "flying disc" was observed to have flown across the Hebgen Lake 
area.

3. On 9 August 1949, this AGENT contacted Mr. -----, ----- 
----------- -----, West Yellowstone, Montana, by telephone. Mr. ----- 
confirmed his telephone conversation with the Butte Office, FBI, and repeated 
essentially the same story that he had previously given to that agency. Mr. 
----- further stated that one of the eyewitnesses, a guide employed by Mr. 
----- knew the approximate location of both of the "discs" that had 
fallen and would be held available to take any agents he might send to the 
objects. Mr. ----- stated that he believed that the eyewitness, a guide, 
knew to within a few hundred feet the specific location of the "discs". 
This AGENT questioned Mr. ----- closely, attempting to eliminate all pos- 
sibilities such as jet aircraft, radio-sonde devices, pilot balloons, rawin 
devices, etc., with negative results. Mr. ----- further asserted that 
there were a number of people in the area who had observed this identical 
phenomenon.

AT HEBGEN LAKE, WEST YELLOWSTONE, MONTANA

4. On 10 August 1949, this AGENT interviewed Mr. -----, ----- 
employed by the ----- relative to purported sightings made of 
a total of seven (7) flying discs at 0930 hours, 9 August 1949, and one (1) 
similar object . seen at about 1000 hours. Mr. ----- stated that two (2) 
of the objects had crashed in the surrounding area. Mr. ----- stated that 

UNCLASSIFIED

```

Some parts of the text have been redacted, indicated by a series of dashed lines (-----).