The image provided is a scanned page from an old document, and there are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

19C CSI 21-21

DETAILS: (Cont'd.)

comparison. MATT further stated that no object was observed either in
the air, nor on the sea.

4. On 12 September 1949, 1st Lt. PHILIP G. KEPP, AO-936613,
Weather Observer, 374th Recon Sq. (VLR) Weather, Fairfield-Suisun AFB,
California, was interviewed and stated his attention on the day 2
August 1949, at approximately 1730 hours S.T.P., was directed,
by the navigator, to an unusual formation which appeared at 10 o'clock
high, in relation to the track of flight of the "Lark Dog" mission
aircraft. KEPP further stated that the formation appeared to have
formed out of the top of the clouds forming an undercast at approxi-
mately fifteen hundred (1500) feet and ascended to an altitude of
approximately seventeen thousand (17,000) feet. KEPP stated that
the formation appeared was approximately nine square (3x3) alto
cumulus clouds (1500) feet was approaching the light coverage of
cirrus clouds and the cloud-like formation observed was almost perpen-
dicular to the line of the undercast clouds. KEPP advised that in his
opinion the formation could have been caused by a jet type aircraft
although contrails at that altitude were improbable. No type of air-
craft was observed and no unusual sounds were heard. KEPP stated that
he could not estimate the speed at which the streaks had been formed.
KEPP further advised that only three (3) of the crew members observed
the unusual formation and that the formation of "angel" fog is normally
not attempt to assume the track of the formation because the pilot did
not consider it important enough to turn off the scheduled course. 
KEPP stated that he did not notice any unusual noises on radio reception
and that no object was picked up by the radar equipment of the "Lark
Dog" mission aircraft which was in operation at the time of sighting.
KEPP further stated that the formation was approximately four hundred
(400) miles off the coast of California, and was in sight for
approximately fifteen (15) minutes until the course of flight of the
"Lark Dog" mission lost it to view.

5. "Weather charts maintained at the Base Weather Station; Fairfield-
Suisun AFB, California, list the following weather conditions for the area
14 degrees 15 minutes N 132 degrees 57 minutes West at 1640 hours 2 August
1949.

General
Occlusion approximately 300 nautical miles West Northwest.
High pressure ridge approximately 200 nautical miles
southeast:
            
- 4 -

UNCLASSIFIED
```