The image appears to be a scanned document page, with text that forms part of a report. There is no distinct photograph present in this image, only typed text and some handwritten annotations. Here is the text reproduced from the document:

"ATC OPINION CONC
UNCLASSIFIED

1949, ten (10) miles north of Flagstaff while indoors sitting in bed, Informant was 50 or 50 miles from FIREBALL and observed it for two (2) seconds. FIREBALL first seen at approximately 60 degrees above horizon and faded from view at 3 degrees. Considering brilliance and closeness of FIREBALL estimated its size was 70 to 100 yards high; was round like an appearance; was about the size of a 100 watt light bulb at 25 feet and bright green in color with a bluish tail. FIREBALL traveled a straight course in north westerly direction. No sound was heard; no smoke or exhaust was evident and informant did not notice the effects on clouds. Considering FIREBALL as a meteoroid, would be traveling 22.62 miles per second. FIREBALL probably fell to earth south and east of Las Vegas, Nevada. Informant knows of no one who has ever seen a FIREBALL except one said to be employed by Dr. [name redacted] for 13 years and has been a museum for 2 and 3 years as guide and lecturer. Informant enjoys fire- arms and rock collecting as hobbies; has no difficulty in evaluating color or speed; is well educated; is an amateur astronomer and of good character. The following individuals either know of no one who has seen FIREBALL – had not heard of it, Adams [name redacted], Crazy Mountain, Arizona; -------- ----------, Grand Canyon, Arizona; MP [name redacted], MP #1235 [name redacted] and all of Williams, Arizona. [name redacted], Sedona, Arizona did not see and not see FIREBALL. Phoenix Gazette news clip obtained and included as exhibit.

DETAILS.

1. This investigation is predicated upon a news article in the Phoenix Gazette, dated April 13, 1949 stating that a large FIREBALL traveling in a northwesterly direction was sighted at 5 AM on the morning of 5 April 1949, near Flagstaff, Arizona by [name redacted] Assistant Director of the American Meteor Museum.

AT FLAGSTAFF, ARIZONA

2. On 19 April [illegible], Reverend [name redacted], 12 West Columbus Street, Pastor of the Lutheran Church, was interviewed and advised that he was sitting in his parsonage at Sedona by [illegible] room window, Arizona on 15 April 1949 when he observed the FIREBALL of meteoritic lore, (illegible or two (2) seconds at 2000. Informant was approximately eight (3) miles east of Williams, Arizona on Highway 66 (designated by an X on the Prescott Sectional Aeronautical Chart, Exhibit A) when he saw a brilliant flash of light and two (2) seconds later observed the FIREBALL. The FIREBALL lighted the northern horizon, and [name redacted] believed it was north and east of Flagstaff, Arizona (approximate location shown by a circle on Exhibit A). The FIREBALL appeared to be approximately 30 degrees above the horizon, traveling in an easterly or north easterly direction at 12,000 feet. Informant advised he was approximately 15 miles from the FIREBALL and that it was emerald green in color. The FIREBALL appeared to be meteoritic and this observer's estimate it was the largest one he had ever seen. Informant was unable to estimate the speed of the FIREBALL and heard no sound inasmuch as windows till nearly as was otherwise was the condition closed. The sky was cloudy and the FIREBALL had no apparent effect on the clouds. The FIREBALL traveled in a straight line and particularly disappeared into a cloud."

The rest of the text at the bottom of the page is obscured and not legible.