There are no photographs present on this page. Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

---
-5-

to the crew and passengers. Just preceding the onset of a lightning stroke to an aircraft, pilots have re-ported observing streamers of corona discharges build up on the nose, propellers or other extremity of the craft. The movement of the streamer accompanies that of the aircraft and depends on the passage of a light-ning stroke nearly or through the aircraft. Corona discharges on sharply convex surfaces of aircraft have also been observed during flight between masses of clouds strongly charged with electrical charges of opposite sign (positive and negative). Autogenous charging of the aircraft by the two-lobe bird precipi-tation particles intensifies the corona discharges. These are of the same nature as St. Elmo's Fire.

St. Elmo's Fire has been observed numerous times on the mastheads of ships and generally moves with them during passages beneath thunderclouds or other meteorological conditions where intense electrical potential gradients exist.

(c) Effect on Surrounding Atmosphere

I. Clouds

Lightning of any kind can occur in clouds only if the dielectric properties of the air are broken down when the sparking potential gradient is reached. In clear air this amounts to about 30,000 volts per cm. at sea level and about 21,000 volts per cm. at 10,000 ft. altitude. In clouds, or in the presence of precipi-tation particles the sparking potential gradient is less, depending on the size of the particles. For example, in the presence of raindrops 1/6 inch in diameter it is about 10,000 volts/cm.

As shown by Vonnegut, droplets of water suspended in an electrical field sufficiently intense to induce break-down will display sparking-over phenomena and will

1. Harrison, L. P., "Lightning Discharges to Aircraft and associated Meteorological Conditions," N.A.C.A. Tech-nical Note 1001, (1950).

2. Vonnegut, B., Proc. Roy. Soc. London, Ser. A, vol. 133, pp. 565-567, (1931).

---