There is no photograph present in this image; it is a scanned document page with text and some graphical elements representing newspaper headlines and articles.

As requested, I will transcribe the text from the document:

---
NOGALES (Ariz.) HERALD, Mon., Aug. 22,1949-3

"Flying Saucers" Seen Over City
By Many Nogalians Sunday Night

"Flying Saucers" were seen over Nogales last night by at least nine persons, including two Army Rufino Siginosas, it was reported today.
Others who saw the flying objects included Mrs. Margarita Ramirez; her daughter, Margarita de la Mrs, Espinosa; Mrs. Estela De Tavila and her three children; and Lisa Nona Vivas.
Other Nogalians report seeing the "Flying saucers" last night.
Espinosa reported today that about 9:15 o'clock, Mrs. Ramirez saw what was at first believed to be a beacon from the local airport. Espinosa then noticed the light over the city hall and also took it to be the airport beacon, but upon observing that the "peculiar orange light" had an "irregular motion," he saw "it was something extraordinary."

The former county officer described the object as having a nucleus of orange stars, looking somewhat like luminous sand, with a corona of white light."
Some of the those who viewed the flying objects said they looked like clusters of stars.
It is reported that the "lights" were made at very irregular intervals and from an ellipsis-shaped light would turn into a figure eight. that.
The observers report seeing as many of them from 9:15 to 6 o'clock with the clusters flying high altogether about 30 and looked different in appearance, like as seen through "a lot of atmosphere."
Perez reports he "never saw thing so fast" in his life.
At one time seven of the flying objects were flying at the same time in a southwest by east direction, then one way down south or northeast in a straight line. The objects could not be seen when it does not were flying high and they left no tail at any time.
It is now on Potrero Street, another home on there while its which would change formations in a slow motion. He disparaged an optical illusion theory with the backing of a chair as a very slight animal.
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Rivas also viewed them changing form.

UNCLASSIFIED

The Arizona Daily Star
Tuesday, August 23, 1949- Tucson, Arizona

SHERIFF NAMES
" "PHEDUS"

2 Char e
Dropp et
Charges of contributing, missed against four of five D. Court, Judge Lee Garrett, but t. The four against whom charg ringer and Cpls. George Uehli

Flying Saucers Flit
Thru Nogales Skies
As Audience Stares

NOGALES, Aug. 22—(IP)—Nogales now has its own version of the flying saucer.
At least nine residents, including Former County Attorney Buflo, Espinosa reported seeing luminous flying objects in this area last night.
Espinosa said that about 9:15 p. m. Mrs. Margarita de Ramirez noted what she thought was the beacon from the southern internal airport. He said that upon closer observation, it was not the serious of all but appeared to be a beacon of orange-colored dices. He said they appeared to the somewhat like luminous sands with a corona of white light.
Others said it looked like cut clusters. They came in very irregular intervals from 9:15 to 9:30.
Espinosa said he never saw anything travel so fast.

UNCLASSIFIED

Enclosure #4
---

(Note: The transcription might contain inaccuracies due to partially obscured text and possible typographical errors in the original document.)