The image provided appears to be a scanned page from a document, but it does not contain any photographs. There is text on the page which I will transcribe:

```
Page 2                                                    Incident No. 24-3
Guide to Investigation

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc) none

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescense, other - degree of
    brilliance): Looked like a luminous dot

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.): none

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc - sketch of flight path):

    S/P OF VIEW
                            N
    S         ---------------------------------------     T/P VIEW
 
21. Manner of disappearance: went out like light swithced off

22. Effect on clouds: no clouds

23. Additional information concerning object: Object appeared to be without
    substance. While in sight it appeared to be going on and off and at one time
    appeared to go behind an object. There was no air traffic in the sky at that
    time.
    Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: no moon-stars out-
    clear - good visibility

Name and address of observer: [REDACTED], 2583d Base Sv
                              Sqdn. OAFB, Orlando, Fla.

Occupation and hobbies: Provost Sgt., Base Provost Marshal's Office, OAFB,
                        Orlando, Fla.
                        Photography and fishing

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer
(Check neighbors, police dept., FBI records, employers, etc.):

    Observer was formerly an enlisted Investigator with the Base PM, OAFB.
    He has approximately 6 years military service and has been stationed at
    OAFB since August 1948. Regarded as reliably by superiors and fellow
    MPs.

DI 3643977 wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at time of sighting,
of the object through telescope, window, or other transparent material?
Observer did not wear glasses and viewed the object from outdoors.

EXHIBIT III
```

The redacted portions are markings made to ensure privacy and confidentiality. Please note that the original document might contain errors or inconsistencies that are present in this transcription.