The image does not contain any photographs, only text and signatures.

Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

-----

STATEMENT OF [REDACTED]

On 20 October 1949 between 1830 and 1845, [REDACTED] and I were on the way home from work. We were driving North on Hartland Road, north of Route 104, approximately three (3) miles from Lockport, in Hartland County, when I saw a blue light which appeared to be about the size of a wing tip light on an aircraft. It was traveling from east to west, in level flight, with no deviation in altitude or course. The light was in sight for from five to eight seconds, and covered an estimated five miles. Although it was a quiet evening, were not able to hear any unusual sound, even after stopping the car and getting out. While it was impossible to accurately judge altitude or distance I would say that a comparison could be made to the wing tip light of an aircraft at an altitude of five hundred (500) feet, distance of one (1) mile, and estimated speed of one thousand (1000) MPH. There were no trailing sparks or evidence of any type of propellant such as in a rocket or jet. The light disappeared in the same manner as an electric light being turned off. At the instant of disappearance a few orange-red sparks appeared and fell almost immediately.

My first thought was that it was an aircraft until I realized that if it were the running lights would have been reversed, and that I would have seen a red light instead of a blue one. The speed also ruled out the possibility of a conventional type aircraft. I have worked around planes for the past (12) years, have worked on rocket test, on the XS-1, and have seen the North American F 86 flown vide a probe, but have never yet seen anything that approached the speed at which the light was traveling.

I am familiar with the Northern Lights, meteors, and St. Elmo's Fire, none of these could explain the nature of the light that was seen on 20 October.

I have read the foregoing statement, consisting of one (1) page, and it is true and correct, to the best of my knowledge and belief.

[Handwritten Signature]
Lester [Redacted]

[Handwritten Signature]
Signed and Witnessed 5 Dec 1949

-----

[Note: For privacy and respect of personal information, redactions have been made to the text to remove potentially sensitive information in accordance with established guidelines.]