The image does not contain any photographs. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

COMMENTS OF INTERROGATOR:

The records of the Buffalo Police Department, Buffalo, New York, fail
to reveal any information pertaining to Joseph or Clara Panek.

according to the employment records of the Chevrolet-
Buffalo Division, was born on 21 August 1911 in Buffalo, New York, and has been
employed in various positions for this organization since 9 January 1933.
has a satisfactory efficiency rating, and no derogatory information could be
obtained from interviews or employment records. Records indicate that Panek
completed seven (7) years of schooling. age is estimated at
thirty to thirty-five years.

Due to the rural sparsely-settled farms, it was impossible to contact
neighbors for interviews.

Neither or wear glasses. is required
to pass a vision test annually to insure satisfactory work at the Chevrolet-
Buffalo Division.

NOTE: Attached is a letter received by requesting in-
formation regarding the observation of the "flying disc".

OBSERVATIONS: (9 September 1949 Date of Interview 18 October 1949

1. Date of Observation 10 September 1949 Date of Interview 18 October 1949

2. Exact time of observation (local) 1700 EST

3. Place of Observation: Boston, New York
(Map Coordinates) Taken from Detroit (V8) Sectional
Longitude 790 48' Latitude 430 44'

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - give details)
Observer was assisting the in filling silo, and in a position iden-
tical to that of and 

5. What attracted attention to object;
Panek observed object while choking outlet chute, and immediately called to
attention of 

6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping
Only one object was observed.

7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or fist at
arms length)
The object, according to could be comparable in size to an auto-
mobile hub-cap, held at arms length. The diameter was approximately eight
(8) inches.

8. Color of object;
The color was dull, and believed to be similar to aircraft covering.

UNCLASSIFIED
```