The image provided is of a scanned document with typed text and handwritten notes. There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the OCR output of the text in the document:

---
Page 2                                           Incident 39x

Name and address of observer; Mr. ------- ------- Court, Baltimore, Md.
                                       and several neighbors

Occupation and hobbies; Commercial artist student

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):
Appeared to be well educated, intelligent, conscientious, sincere individual.

NOTE: See original report for data on the numerous other witnesses.

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:
"On 29 June 1949, I returned from Commercial art school about 1530 and after 
bathing, taking a short nap and eating dinner, I moved to my customary position on
the front porch of my abode at ------- Court, Baltimore 2, Maryland, and began
my usual study of cloud formation, at approximately 1630 hours, local daylight time,
I observed a monoplane (civilian-type light plane) flying, East at an altitude of 
approximately 2,000 ft. On closer observation of this plane, I noticed what appeared
to be a cylindrical object attached beneath the plane in the normal position of 
a belly tank on a fighter plane. Several minutes later I observed three (3) objects
of three (3) each aircraft flying from the general direction of the airport toward &
cloud, into which the original-type monoplane had disappeared. This cloud was a 
strato-cumulus type formation and appeared tho be several city blocks in size. 
At the time of this observation, I presume th fifth nien (9) airplanes to be Maryland
National Guard planes, since they resembled P-47’s as flown by the Guard in this area. Upon 
nearing the cloud, the formation of planes plus vowed sharply in course and flew 
away into the clouds. I did not again see the civilian-type monoplane while my 
eyes were still focused on the spot where the civilian-type monoplane had disappeared,
I suddenly noticed something circling the cloud at & terrific rate of speed. These
objects would appear for about two-second intervals and then disappear from sight for
a period of one to two seconds. My attention became riveted to this spot in the sky 
and I observed the action of these objects for the next two hours, or until approximately
dusk darkness. After observing these objects for a period of about fifteen minutes,
I made with time I was able to ascertain that there were approximately 15 to 20 my
shaped objects flying (or moving) in circular formation in and out of the cloud, I
announced my wife friends inside the house and pointed out the objects to her. She was
able to see exactly the same thing that I had been witnessing. Within a few minutes
almost all of the persons living in limit Court had gathered around my front door
stop, and we spent the next two hours observing and discussing what we were witnessing.
After observing the objects for approximately thirty minutes, I walked Posth and I
observed nothing of a monoplane and telephony the Baltimore Morning News to that 
requests that they send a reporter out to witness the flight of the unidentified
objects, The News Post was rather aloof skeptical about the whole thing, and informed me 
that they would call the airport and see if there were anything to it. Then I made 
the call to the "News Post" I had not considered the (25-00) reward normally offered by
this newspaper for the scoop of a news story, and this fact was not brought to my
attention until sometime later by one of the neighbors. Fifteen or twenty minutes 

--- 

The text cuts off at the bottom of the page, so the last sentence is incomplete.