There are no photographs displayed on this page of the document.

The OCR transcription of the text from the document is as follows:

---
UNCLASSIFIED
By Authority Who
Date SGT O L Said
DCID 3/5/2 ?
Eyes Only 3/9/76
Page 6314123 

Sgt.  is a former Army Air Force Navigator who has had experi-
ence in celestial navigation. He states that in his opinion it was im-
probable that the object photographed could have been a celestial body.
He felt that possibly it was a recognition or some light mounted on some
man-made structure in the distance until he searched the entire area to
the southwest of the position of his camera the following day and could
not find anything to bear out his opinion. He states the distance from
him is unknown by him in that it could have been one-half mile, 20 miles
or many, many miles away. The camera used was a Speedgraphic camera
mounted on a tripod set on F 4.5 and infinity with an exposure of 30
seconds. The row of lights visible to the left of the unknown object
are said by  to have been a car traveling from right to left befor
the camera which is thought by  to have been approximately two
blocks in the distance. To his naked eye the unknown object appeared
brighter than the automobile headlights but definitely much smaller.
Jones states the reason no stars are visible in the picture is that he
developed the print specifically to bring out the object in question.
with reference to the slight fuzziness appearing from eight to twelve
o'clock and from two to six o'clock on the edge of the object, 
states that his tripod and camera were quite securely mounted and he is
certain no movement of the camera would account for this a fore-mentioned
fuzziness on the image. The Base Photo Officer feels that the fuzziness
may be traceable to heat emitted by the object. The only negative and
prints made of this object are herewith inclosed and number "1" on the
rear of said prints. Knowing there to be a bright star in the sky in
that approximate direction at that approximate time the writer requested
that Jones make a picture of this and other stars the night of 24 October
---