The image provided shows a page of typed text, which appears to be from an official document. There are no photographs present in this image. Here is the text output as requested:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

Psychological Analysis

A psychological analysis of the reported data is being pre-
pared by Aero-medical Laboratory, A.M.C., for the purpose of de-
termining those incidents that are probably based upon errors of
the human mind and senses. A preliminary verbal report from the
professional psychologists indicates that a considerable number
of incidents can be explained as ordinary occurrences that have
been mispresented, as the result of human errors.

The condition of "vertigo", well known to airplane pilots,
as well as others, is considered to be an important factor in
some of the reported incidents. "Vertigo" is defined from a
medical viewpoint by Webster's Dictionary as "Dizziness or swim-
ming of the head; a disturbance in which objects, though stationary,
appear to move in various directions, and the person affected finds
it difficult to maintain an erect posture. It may result from
change in the blood supply of the brain or from disease of the
blood, eyes, ears, stomach, or other organs."

Accelerations, resulting from airplane maneuvers, together with
spaoe-orientation difficulties at night and in heavy clouds, due to
the lack of or strangeness of visual references, makes a condition
of "vertigo" more likely to appear in personnel in night-flying
aircraft than under more normal conditions. The fact that both
pilot and co-pilot may report the same impressions is not complete
proof of accuracy, since both individuals have experienced the
same maneuvers and accelerations and have viewed the same lights
and surroundings under the same optical conditions (including
the same windshield and canopy glass).

A more complete discussion of psychological factors is expected
to be provided in a future, highly important, report. Quite probably, some
of the incidents of cases status are involving "flights" in persons at
both the air and ground observers, are the result of "vertigo" or
optical illusions.

Strictly speaking, no engineering analysis of an incident
should be initiated until the psychological analysis has been
made and has shown that psychological factors cannot explain the
observation.

Agencies, Outside Air Materiel Command, Supplying Information and
Analysis

Specialist services, supplementary to those of Air Materiel
Command technical office, are being provided by a number of agen-
cies.

Th. Air Weather Service has reviewed the list of inciderits
and has provided the information that twenty-four of them coincide,
both with respect to location and time, with the release of
weather balloons.

- 2 - UNCLASSIFIED S-11750

---