The image contains a page of text with no photographs present. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
To summarize this section of the discussion, it can be said that a trip from Mars is a logical enterprise; another over our own present technical status, but that a trip from a star system requires improvements of propulsion that we have not yet conceived.

Combining the efforts of all the science-fiction writers, we could conjure up a large number of hypothetical methods of transportation like gravity shields, space warps, teleporters, simultrans, extensions terms and so on. Conceivably, gravity shields or stellators systems in the Galaxy, one or more races may have mastered methods of travel that would be fantastic by our standards. Yet the larger the volume of space that must be included in order to strengthen this possibility, the lower will be the chance that the race involved would ever find the earth. The Galaxy has a hundred billion to 100,000 light years and a total mass about two hundred of thirty times that of the Sun (see Reference 1). On this estimate probably three and estimated numbers is several hundred million (see Reference 2 and 4) At distances up to billions of light years (see reference 7, p. 1584). The number of stars in the known universe is enormous, yet so are the distances involved. A super-race (unless they occupy fantastically) would not be likely to stumble upon Planet III of Sol, a fifth-magnitude star in the rarified outskirts of the Galaxy.

A description of the probable operating characteristics of space ships must be based on the assumption that they will be rocket, since this is the only form of propulsion that we know will function in outer space. Below are listed a few of the significant factors of rocketry in relation to the "flying objects".

(a) Maneuverability. A special-purpose rocket can be made as maneuverable as we like, with very high accelerations either along or normal to the flight path. However, a high-performance space ship will certainly be large and unwieldy and could hardly be designed to maneuver favorably around in the Earth's atmosphere. The only economical maneuver would be to come down and go up more or less vertically.

(b) Fuel reserves. It is hard to see how a single rocket ship could carry enough extra fuel to make repeated descents into the Earth's atmosphere. The large number of flying objects reported in quick succession could only mean a larger number of visiting craft.

Two possibilities thus are presented. First, a number of space ships could have come as a group. This would only be done if full-dress contact were to be established. Second, numerous small craft might descend from a mother ship which coasts around the Earth in a satellite orbit. But this could mean that the smaller craft would have to be rockets as still tether announces, and to concerns them the mother ship would have to be truly enormous.

(c) Appearance. A vertically descending rocket might well appear as a luminous disk to a person directly below. Observers at a distance, however, would surely identify the rocket for what it really is. There would probably be some reports of oblique views than of end-on views; of course, the "shape reports" not typical of our rockets; yet the exhaust should be easy to see.
```