The image provided is a black and white scanned document and it does not contain any photographs.

As requested, here is the text contained within the document, reproduced as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output:

---
5? ZLI-21K
17,0700 PAGE----- OF------ PAGES
UNCLASSIFIED

3½ leaving a bright colored trail behind.

6. [Redacted Name] Sidney, Ohio was inter-
viewed on 15 May 1949 and he stated that he observed object at approximately
0830 horus on 6 May 1949, in front of Cook's Spot Restaurant, located at the
corner of South Ohio and west Court Streets, Sidney, Ohio. The brightness
of the object attracted his attention while he was unable to determine
the shape of the object due to its bright reflection, but believed it to be
approximately five inches in diameter. The object was about a half mile
west and travelling south at a great altitude. The object was in sight ap-
proximately two minutes, appeared to be travelling at a fast rate of speed
and remained out in the sky. The object traveled in a straight line and was
very brilliant against a clear, blue sky. The object did not make any sound
or leave any trail. Mr. [Redacted] could not see any projections as the object was
too bright and too far away. Is the owner of the camera store at
the above address but did not take any photographs of the object.

7. Mr. [Redacted Name] West Poplar Street, Sidney, Ohio was inter-
viewed on 18 May 1949 and he stated that he saw the object which
called her attention to it. The object appeared to be five inches in diam-
eter, one inch in thickness and was probably larger due to the great distances.
The object had a flat, circular shape ------- stated that the last eight
of the object once out of it reappeared in the same position.
The object was an object which do not correspond in the same position. The rest
of the objects do not correspond to that which they see, which is a round
sphere. Mr. [Redacted] couldn't give any description other than that it was a round,
bright, shiny object travelling south through space at a fast rate of speed.

AT MAPLEWOOD, OHIO

9. Mrs. [Redacted] Maplewood, Ohio was intervieed on 18
May 1949 and she stated that at approximately 1630 hours, 4 May 1949, while
she was working in the garden of her farm which is approximately three miles
north east of Port Jefferson, Ohio and an island is all miles west of Maplewood,
Ohio, she was attracted by the sudden flare of an unidentified object. The
object reflected very bright light when the sun hit it and it was whirling and
traveling through space at a great rate of speed. The object appeared to be
six inches diameter, a bright, silver color and had a flat round or flat oblong
shape. Mrs. [Redacted] sighted the object at a high altitude, traveling northwest.
The object appeared to be between her farm and Port Jefferson. The object
was in sight for less than two minutes and disappeared by fading out in the sky,
the object did not make any sound or leave any trail. The weather was clear,
no wind was blowing and no planes were in the vicinity at the time the object
was in sight. No photographs were taken of the object.

UNCLASSIFIED
3

---