The image provided appears to be a scanned document page. Unfortunately, there is no photograph present within this image, so I cannot describe any such content. The text on the document is partially cut off and not entirely legible, but I will transcribe as much as possible:

```
... and Captain GIBLIN advised the writer that he...
rockets carrying DISPOSABLE missile fueling...
not permit Mr. [redacted] to speculate on the type of...
the Brookhaven but his bed is...
Up to publication time the 17th reported that the...
has a different and mixed opinion...
at White Sands Proving Ground in the...
with big silver brackets or cleats on the...
(the Navy)). This was considered strong...
not conclusive because none of the group knew the...
Dave is AD/A5's opinion on it since some say satellite...
clear anything communistic...
... dryer reported that his mom...
... Miss in...
... office to which his...
... connected with the discovery regular...
... presumably informed...
... relations with the Armed Forces Ground...
... Field was relayed to Public Information...
... Chief, guided his counterpart to turn...
... but still not in any rush to get...
... Office or the Third Army involving flying...
coming in.

On or about --/--, 1947, an object other than...
National Military Establishment Flying...
Sands Proving Ground at... 
and control on project...
who was the operations...
the military or the...
this phenomenon but during...
Public Information Office at...
DURING did this to assist those who claimed they...
detention of sighting was...
to determine that this was...
did not know what this...
he had supervised maintenance...
May with the findings...
... by PRELIMINARY...
... to make them further...
... report and it is considered...
... responded to him the reflection of the...
After leaving [redacted] OFFICE, [redacted] saw but could not get a clear fix subject...
Proving Ground's Public Information Officer considered all information obtained...
on flying discs classified and gave no more to the...
information channels in Washington.
```

Please note that due to the partial and obscured nature of the text, complete accuracy is not guaranteed. The transcription above is based on visible text segments.