The image provided appears to be a heavily degraded and low-quality scanned document page with no distinguishable photograph.

Because the document's text is extremely faint and obscured, it is challenging to accurately transcribe its contents. However, I will provide as much text as can be reasonably interpreted:

```
HEADQUARTERS      PROJECT SIGN
XXXXXX (Unreadable)
(REST OF HEADER UNREADABLE)

DATE: 5 May 1949

SUBJECT: (Unreadable)

To: (Unreadable)

1. On the night of (date unreadable) at (time unreadable), a bright red light was seen by (person's name unreadable), (additional information unreadable) the Yukon River, about (distance unreadable) miles north of (location unreadable).The light was traveling at a high speed in a general direction from SE to NW and was in sight of the observers for approximately two and a half minutes. Before (rest of the sentence unreadable)

...(Unreadable section)...

approaching Shemya from the southeast, at (unreadable) altitude of (unreadable) feet, the object suddenly became visible on the Dipsy state of the radar equipment. Radar contact was held for approximately nine seconds. The speed of the object, as reported by the Radar Operator, was estimated to be approximately (speed unreadable) mph. (Sentence unreadable) investigated by (unreadable) indications was a light or other airborne object. He did not request a look out nor was one made. On the previous lookout an (unreadable) officer reported (unreadable) search of the area but could not confirm the radar sighting because of his distance (rest of the sentence unreadable).

(Section unreadable)

5. Approximately 225 miles NNE of Shemya, the pilot saw a (unreadable) set directly off the left (unreadable) which seemed to pace the aircraft at head and off to the left for several second at a distance of (distance unreadable). Since the weather was scattered clouds in the (unreadable), the light seen by the observers seem to come from the SE at an altitude that (unreadable) 30000 feet above their heads at an estimated speed judged to be 1000 mph. The size of the object, as estimated by the observers, was possibly of an aircraft wing tip light. This could not be confirmed, but the object traveling in what appeared to be controlled altitude and the light seemed steady in intensity, which eliminates the possibility of this being a meteor. The last time it was seen, the light was color and its speed increased and decreased (unreadable) shape was reported to Scabbard...(Unreadable)

There was no further observations.

(Signature, Name and Rank Unreadable)
(Date Unreadable)
File (Unreadable Section)

END OF TEXT

CONFIDENTIAL
```

The fragmentary nature of the text above reflects the difficulties with legibility in the original document. It is a partial and rough transcription, and some words or numbers could not be discerned.