There is no photograph present in the image.

The text in the document reads as follows:

```
13 December 1943              A1-1099

Brigadier General Putt.
United States Air Force
Director of Research and Development
Office, Deputy Chief of Staff, Material
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear General Putt:

Please refer to your letter of 18 November 1943 relative to the
"Flynn, object" problem and to Mr. Collbohm's reply dated 24
November 1943. In paragraph (b) of the reply, Mr. Collobohm
promised (among other things) to send a discussion of the
"special design and performance characteristics that are believed
to distinguish space ships."

This present letter gives, in very general terms, a description
of the likelihood of a visit from other worlds as an engineering
problem and some points regarding the use of gasseous vehicles as
compared with descriptions of "flying objects," i.e., Collobohm
will deliver copies to Cololel McCoy at Wright-Patterson Air
Base during the RAND briefing there within the next rew days.

A good beginning is to discuss some possible physics of origin
of "visiting space ships. Astronomers largely in agreement
that only one member of the Solar System (besides Earth) can
support higher forms of life. It is the planet Mars. Even
Mars appears quite desolate and inhospitable so that a race
would be more occupied with survival than we are on Earth.
Reference 1 gives adequate descriptions of conditions on the
various planets and a simulated, "A visit contact from from [sic]
(p. 229) same will be included here.

Whether intelligent beings exist to appreciate these
splendors of the martian landscape is pure speculation.
If we have correctly reconstructed the history of Mars,
there is little reason to bellieve that the life processes
may not have followed a course similar to terrestrial
evolutionary. With this assumption, three general possi-
bilities emerge. Intelligent beings may have protected
themselves against the excessively slow loss of atmos-
phere, oxygen and water, by constructing homes and 
cities wi with the physical conditions scientifically con-

MjEBK continued.  
```

The document seems to have been cut off at the bottom.