There are no photographs present in this text document. I will now act as an OCR system and provide the text found in the document:

```
DETAILS: (Cont'd) UNCLASSIFIED

Mr. █████████ called to the attention of this agent that
during the period, 16 August 1949 to 25 August 1949, his
radio had been subject to unusually strong static and in-
terferences. This was noted from 100 KC through 170 KC.
Mr. █████████ also stated that he had noticed the Milky
Way too far North and running too much East and West, and
"that the Big Dipper and Little Dipper were out of place
being in the Northwest in the afternoons, shifting to due
East in the early mornings". Mr. █████████ has no compass,
and all directions are based on the local belief that his
house faces due South.

(b) Mr. █████████ stated that he had been awaken on the morning
of 20 August 1949 at approximately 0210 hours, Central
Standard Time, by the sound of his son coming home from a
date. Not being able to go back to sleep, Mr. █████████
got up and started out of the house to smoke. While he
was standing in the back door of his house, which is on the
north side, he saw what appeared to be a large moon rising
NNW of the house. Mr. █████████ knew that this was not
possible, since it was the dark of the moon. In order to
get a better view of this object, Mr. █████████ went out-
side of his house and moved around in his yard to a position
where he could see the object through openings in the trees.

(9) Witnesses

Mr. █████████ went inside and got his wife up at approximately
0315 hours; however, Mrs. █████████ looked at the object and
stated that it was only the moon, and she was not interested in
observing the moon at that hour of the morning at her age. Mr. █████████
stated that he had checked with various neighbors in 
the vicinity and none of them had seen this object. When inter-
viewed, Mrs. █████████confirmed her statement. 

(10) Comments of interrogator regarding the intelligence and character
of person interrogated.

This agent believes that MR. █████████ is a reasonably intelli-
gent and honest person; however, it is believed that he becomes
carried away on certain subjects and, therefore, tends to either
exaggerate or imagine that ordinary items are something strange
and unusual. This belief on the part of the agent is based upon
the following unusual allegations made by Mr. █████████:

(1) That the Milky Way and Big and Little Dippers are out of
place.

(2) That there is located on Mr. █████████'s ranch deposits
which contain uranium, diamond specks, pure graphite and
iron. Mr. █████████have these great rock samples supposedly
containing all of these mineral products.

(3) There has been unusual static interferences between 100KC

UNCLASSIFIED
```

(Note: Redaction bars have been represented with "█████████" in the OCR output to indicate blacked-out text, as present in the document.)