There are no photographs present in this image. The image shows a scanned document with two separate newspaper articles. Here is the text from the document:

---

FLYING DISC
Model Flown
Successfully

A prototype model of a "flying disk aircraft" has been developed in Glendale and flown successfully with wire controls, it was learned yesterday.

Dr. E. W. Kay, 228 S Kenwood St., said the flying model is about five feet in diameter and weighs 11 pounds 3 ounces.

The prototype will rise and descend vertically and also hover, he claims. Of all-metal construction, it utilizes a small model engine and propeller for horizontal thrust and an ordinary flin...

Stationary Cockpit
The larger portion of the disk spins about the stationary cockpit section, the inventor explained, adding:
"For security reasons, details of construction cannot be revealed at present, but there are special automatic devices for auxiliary lifts."
Kay emphasized that his prototype disk has not been tried in flightable and can not have been responsible for any report of flying saucers.

---

DAYTON JOURNAL HERALD
3 SEP 1949

Shucks! Flying Saucer Ideas
Ridiculed By Plane Inventor

---

LAS VEGAS, Nev., Sept. 2 – (AP) – The man who invented and built the man-powered flound wrecked and abandoned in a Glendale hauling site also says it has "absolutely no relation whatsoever" to any flying saucers that may have been seen in this country or any other.

"I'm from time to time looked at the Glen Burnie "what-is-it" he expressed belief it is definitely the prototype of the flying saucer.

"Shucks, I have that thing up in 1939," Jonathan E. Caldwell, 68-year-old Manhattan Beach, Calif., building contractor and inventor who formerly lived in Glendale, told a newsman here. "If the Air Force wants to know anything about it they're welcome to what ever I know."

Caldwell said the plane was tested by Winton by Digre in 1939-1940, that it was granted an experimental license by the Commerce Department. He said it was powered by a seven-cylinder engine in the nose, was propeller-driven and the disk was a safety factor.

Caldwell is working in a small shop here, trying to perfect another radical plane that involves a wide wing and a safety factor described as the "cyclo-dia," his other 17 years ago by Dr. Adolph Rohrback of Berlin.

Caldwell says his plane has been tested at the Ontario, Calif., but the conventional type fuselage has the wings look like glider wings. They are 8 feet in diameter, above the longitudinal axis of the fuselage are the two rotor wings, 20 feet long.

---

The document is slightly cut off on the sides, leading to incomplete sentences.