There are no photographs present in this image. The image is a scanned page containing text. Below is the text extracted from the document:

Santa Fe New Mexican Tuesday, February 22, 1949

FRANKFURT, Feb. 22

Four mysterious projectiles—apparently rocket or jet-propelled—have
landed in the U. S. zone of Germany since October, 1946, American authorities reported today.

The last one shot over the northeastern corner of the State of Bavaria
last Jan. 31 and American technical experts have obtained fragments of it
but their investigations have left them mystified as to the origin of
the missiles.

American officials explained that all four landed in the same general
area, just east of Schweinfurt, some 35 miles from the Russian zone.

The experts said they were mystified because if the projectiles were
fired from the Russian zone they possessed almost uncanny accuracy since
all four landed in so small an area.

They also explained that a missile traveling 35 miles from eastern Germany should have dug a larger crater, even if loaded with only ordinary
charges.

The first missile was reported in October, 1946, according to German
police records quoted by American authorities.

Two others followed in May and July, 1947.

The fourth arrived between 4 and 5 a.m. last Jan. 31.

A German policeman who saw its flaming tail streak through the early
morning sky and then plunge into the earth said it traveled from northeast to southwest, coming from the direction of Russian-occupied territory.

It tore a hole seven feet wide and 10 inches deep in the ground and had
a flaming tail 20 feet long, authorities said.

Officials said they doubted it could have been released from an airplane
because the eyewitness said that he had heard no sound from a plane before the missile landed.

Thus far the experts have not been able to reconstruct the missile because they possess only a few fragments. They have not been able to determine what powered it because the fragments were rainsodden when picked up.