The image does not contain any photographs, but it does include a page of text from a document. Here is the text reproduced as accurately as possible:

```
(C)
Engineering Division
Memorandum Report No. F-TR-2274-RE
20 April 1949
UNCLASSIFIED

maneuvering or not maneuvering. It is quite possible that it was 
simply climbing steeply on a relatively straight course, such as would
be taken by a lighted weather balloon.

As a matter of fact, a lighted weather balloon was released by 
the Fargo Weather Station within 10 minutes of the time the light was
first sighted by the P-51 pilot. It is the opinion of the writer
that this lighted balloon easily could have accounted for all of the
pilot's observations. (It should be noted that the standard 30 inch
and 65 inch weather balloons have a vertical speed of about 600 and 
1100 ft./min. respectively.)

General Discussion and Summary

In the proceeding section the hypothesis has been advanced that
most reports of unidentified flying objects have been the result
of persons failing to identify familiar phenomena, such as reflections
from bright surfaces in the day: or lights in a night sky. It is 
believed that this explanation will account for many of the reports.
However, some reports unthold;; have other explanations.

Vertigo. The term vertigo covers a large group of miscellaneous
phenomena including air sickness, disbelief in one's instruments,
and partial loss of orientation. The conditions under which some of 
the observations of flying objects were made were such that they could
have produced loss of orientation on the part of an observer. This
is especially true for those experiences occurring at night and those
in which attempts were made to "chase" the object. Movement is always
relative. If the only outside reference is a point of light, and both
the observer and the object observed are moving, it would be practically
impossible under certain conditions to tell which was moving and 
which was not, or to separate out the two motions. It is hard enough
```

The document is part of Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's investigation into UFO sightings.