The image provided is a scanned document that does not contain any photographs. It is a typewritten letter with the header "UNCLASSIFIED" and a "COPY" stamp on the upper part of the page. Below is the full text of the document, as requested:

---

COPY

UNCLASSIFIED

1530 Olive Street, N.E.,
Washington, D.C.
May 16, 1939

Mr. John W. Loeber, Atty. at Law,
809 Calvert Building,
Baltimore, Maryland.

Dear Mr. Loeber:

This is to acknowledge your letter of May 10 stating that Gray Goose Airways had departed from their location in Catonsville. I made the same discovery the day before your letter was received, and a large portion of my time since then has been spent in endeavoring to locate them.

The house which Caldwell rented at 4205 Military Road N.W. is now vacant. I contacted the owner (at 3615 Cumberland Street, N.W.) and was informed that the Caldwells moved out May last. and left no forwarding address. This party (name not ascertained) stated that a letter had since been received from Mrs. Caldwell promising a meeting in the near future. I gathered that Caldwells skipped, owing some rent.

I went to the City Post Office and tried to ascertain if a forwarding address had been left, either for the company lock-box (#652) or their personal mail, but this information was denied me. I then went to the office of the Postal Inspector and related the whole story. An assistant to the Chief Clerk there stated that if you would write in as my attorney requesting this information, there is a possibility it would be made available to you.

I also went to the Securities and Exchange Commission and acquainted them with the latest developments.

The office of the company at 1225 New York Avenue N.W. has been moved from the fifth to the third floor, but I believe this is maintained only as a "front". There are no signs of life about.

Some time ago I traced the identity of their mechanic, one Marcus Armistead, through auto tag numbers, finding that he resided at 1435 Morse Street N.E. I called at this address, but the mother-in-law professed ignorance of the whereabouts of Gray Goose Airways. Knowing that Armistead spent the week-ends in Washington, I shadowed this man Sunday night and Monday mornings as he left for work. I followed him nearly to Baltimore when he turned off to the right going down thru Glen Burnie and finally into Annapolis. I lost him at a traffic light in Annapolis at the intersection of King George, East, and Randell

UNCLASSIFIED

---

This text appears to be part of a correspondence regarding the location and activities of a company called "Gray Goose Airways" and certain individuals associated with it. The letter details efforts taken to track down the whereabouts of the company and its personnel.

Please note that the redaction on the top right corner likely obscured some form of identification or classification marking, and the initials or signature at the bottom of the document have been partially redacted or obscured as well.