The image provided does not contain any photographs. It's a text document, specifically a page from an old UFO report filed within Project Blue Book. Now, I will output the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

1D9 OS1 24-28

DETAILS:

1. This investigation was requested by the District
Commander, DO #19, Fairfield-Suisun AFB, California, upon
receipt of report from: n, Office of Naval Intelli-
gence, 12th Naval District, Federal Building, San Francisco,
California, dated 2 September 1949.

AT SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA

2. On 2 September 1949, in an interview with Mr.
-----, sales clerk, ----- 1 ----- Inc., at
-----, San Francisco, California, the following
information was ascertained: On Monday, 1 August 1949, at
approximately 1400 hours, PST, Mr. ----- while riding on
a commercial passenger ship approacing the Golden
Gate, sighted two (2) objects in the sky to be in formation
and travelling at a speed greater than that of jet aircraft.
These objects were oval in shape, thr estimated
10,000 to 25,000 feet.
in altitude, at a distance laterally of approximately eight
(8) miles, and at an ewe level of from his height of
approximately 550', at ship time "two o'clock." to 
seconds until the objects were obscured from
Having oval shapes, and apparently of solid construction,
sall of these objects was to that of a silvery in color,
were approximately the size of a penny, and the estimated
size was approximately 40 feet on diameter. The objects were
moving due north, and made no tactics or maneuvers. There was
no evidence of exhaust, no effect on the clouds, no visible
rilling sound, other than the exhaust of planes, is there was no
means of zero dynamic support. There was no sound, no flame
or stabilizers were visible, and nothing was seen of any means
of propulsion. No slots or duct openings were noticed and
the speed of objects was estimated at from one to one and
one-half times faster than jet aircraft. Mr. ----- stated
that objects disappeared behind fog bank. Mr. ----- called
the attention of the other members of the boat to these ob-
jects which appeared to be in formation, and after they had
disappeared for seven, in approximately five 
formation at the same latitude, travelling in the same direc-
tion and being identical with the original objects.

- 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED
```