The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a document. Below is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This investigation was conducted in order to determine who had
furnished information at White Sands Proving Ground regarding the sighting
of flying disks to MARVIN MILES, Reporter, Los Angeles Times, and CHET
NOESETS, newscaster, Radio Station KFI/B.

AT LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA

2. Prior to interview with, ALLUS, a copy of his article released in
the Los Angeles Times on Tuesday, 30 August 1949, was secured and is being
forwarded to DO /F7 with copies of this report. The article reads as follows:

U. S. OFFICERS SEE FLYING SAUCERS
By MARVIN MILES

WHITE SANDS PROVING GROUND, N.M., Aug. 29—Flying saucers—or at
least mysterious flying "objects"—have been sighted by service personnel
at this vital center of America's upper air research.

I talked with three men, two senior officers and an enlisted techni-
cian, who reported seeing strange objects in the sky, one as recently
as last Friday during preparation for a high-altitude missile flight.

"In all fairness, it must be pointed out that other officers and
engineers at White Sands scoff at the reports and put them down to
imagination, weather balloons, dual images in high-powered optical equip-
ment, or possibly distant planes reflecting sunlight.

Experienced Observers

"Yet the men who gave these reports presumably are familiar with such
possibilities and well acquainted with the appearance of balloons and
planes and their quite results of staring at a fixed point in the sky for
long moments.

"One officer believes, sincerely, that the objects seen are space
ships and declared that a ballistic formula applied to one observation
through a theodolite showed the 'ship' was 35 to 40 miles high—an
ogive-shaped craft of fantastic size and traveling at incredible speeds
of three to four miles a second!

"The observer in this case, he said, was tracking a balloon into the
upper air when the object swept across the balloon's path and carred
for some 10 seconds—making turns up to 22 times the rate of gravity—
before it disappeared. It had no visible means of propulsion.

"The enlisted technician reported seeing an object at 3:35 p.m., last
June 14, as he was tracking the course of a V-2 test rocket in a 20-power
UNCLASSIFIED
```