The image provided is a page of text with no photographs present.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

---
clouds, stratosphere would obscure a satisfactory, hence space
travel. The reenforcing Solar planets would boost prospector's
that they can be ignored.

In the next few paragraphs, we speak of Mars. It should
be understood that most of the remarks apply equally well to
Venus.

Various people have suggested that a diamond race may have 
been visiting Earth for last ten thousand years from one
to Mars. The first objection to such interstellar travel is denied
down through the penetrators. If this were true, a race of such
knowledge and power would have established some form of direct-
contact. They could so gain Earth's inhabitants world be hap-
ness's to do it unconsciously try to introduce worldly diseases 
to Earth's blind settlement; introduction to Earth's world home,
time to travel on Earth traps or final missiles to Mars to
count its ability for mysterious rays and then simply go away.
to this writer, and if strange space travel impossible
advanced elsewhere (and may fit weapons and way of thinking,
ships with two sidesides. Furthermore, as rugs are hardly made to
themselves to follow known on the planets would then be

One other hypothetical needs to be discussed. It is that the
Martians may kept a long-term routine watch on Earth and have
been slammed by sight, of our portholes telescopes. Earthine that
is open water. Here on the threshold of space travel. (Venus
in an unlimited medical case.) The icy celestial envelopes were
such as survive hypersensitive people. Radar flying objects would make
sight in in Spring of 1947, after a total 5 atomic bomb ex-
plosions, I.e., Alamorgordo, Hiroshima, Nagasiki, Crossroads A
and Crossroads B, or the third, the first two were (in pestilores of
a green fire crossing the sky which were doubtful (At the time of
Earth's first A day (light)? any thing less astronauts on the wrong
edge of time. It is likely at this instant when more, with 
the thin stratosphere, would build telescopes simply enough to see
A-bombs explosions on Earth, even though were 165 and 153
million miles away, respectively, on the Alamorgordo and Hiro-
shima dates. The weakest point in this hypothesis is that a
continual, defensive watch on Earth for long periods of time
(perhaps thousands of years) would be full alert, or no race
benevolent remotely resembled Man would undertake it. We
haven't even considered the idea for Venus or Mars, for example.

The summation substance of this discussion is that if Martians
are now visitining us without contact, It can be assumed that
they have just recently succeeded in space travel and that
their civilization would be practically abreast of ours.

29
---

Please note that the text contains several typing and transcription errors possibly due to the quality of the original document or its reproduction process.