The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a page with typewritten text, which I will now transcribe:

```
Page 2                                         Incident 396

Name and address of observer: Mr. [redacted] [redacted] Court, [redacted], Md.
                                 and several neighbors

Occupation and hobbies; Commercial artist student

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):
Appeared to be well educated, intelligent, conscientious, sincere individual.

NOTE: See ori,inal report for data on the numerous other witnesses.


NARRATIVE SUMMARY:
"On 29 June 1949, I returned from Commercial art school about 1530 and a'tor
bathin', takin; a short nap and eating dinner, I moved to my customary position on
the front porch of my abode at [redacted] Court, [redacted] 2, Maryland, and began
my usual study of cloud formation.. At approximately 1600 hours, local daylight tiT-,
I observed a monoplane (civilian-type liirt plane) flying past at an altitude of
approximately 2,000 ft. On closer observation; of this plane, I noticed what a ,p'ared
to be a cylindrical object attached beneath the plane in the normal position of a
belly tank on a fighter airplane. Several minutes later I observed three (3) flights
of three (3) each aircraft flying from the general diruction of the airport toward the
city, tho fifth this ovortion-type monoplane had disappeared. This class was a
strato-cumulus type formation and appeared to be several city blocks in size. At
the time of this observation, I presumed the nine (9) airplanes to be Maryland National
Guard planes, since they resembled P-47s as flown by the Guard in this area. Upon
nearing the cloud, the formation of nine planes veered sharply in course and flew
away into the clouds. I did not again see the civilian-type monoplane.
eyees were still focuses on the spot where the civilian-type monoplane had disappeared,
I suddenly noticed something circling the cloud at a terrific rate or speed. These
objects would appear for about two-second intervals and then disappear from sight for
a period of one to two seconds. My attention became riveted to this spot in the sky
and I observed the action of these objects for the next two hours, or until approxi-
mate darkness. After observing these objects for a period o: about fifteen minutes,
during which time I was able to ascertain that there were approximately 15 to 20 "Y"
shaped objects flying (or moving) in circular formation in and out of the cloud, I
summoned my wife from inside the house and pointed out the objects to her. She was
able to see exactly the same thing that I had been witnessing. Within a few minutes
almost all of the persons living in Wilmot Court had gathered around my front door
step, and we spent the next two hours observing this fascinating thing that was
occurring. At the time of the approximate thirty minutes, I realized that I was
observing something of a phenomena and telephoned the [redacted] "News Post" and
requested that they send a reporter out to witness the flight of the unidentified
objects. The "News Post" was rather skeptical about the whole thing, and informed me
that they would call the Airport and see if there were anything to it. When I made
the call to the "News Post" I had not considered the 425,000 reward recently offered by
this newspaper for the scoop of a news story, and this fact was not brought to my
attention until sometime later by one of the neighbors. Fifteen or twenty minutes
```

Please note that some words have been partially redacted or are not clearly readable in the provided text due to the quality of the typewritten document.