No photograph is present in the image provided; it contains only text and a sketch. Here is the text as produced by an optical character recognition (OCR) process:

```
CIVIL AERONAUTICAL 
ADMINISTRATION 
ATLANTA, GA. 

May 16 11 51 AM '49 
Roanoke, Va.
May 14, 1949.

Civil Aeronautics Administration,
Atlanta, Ga.
Gentlemen;

In complying with your request for reports on the 
mysterious object observed in the skies over Roanoke, Va and 
other sections of this State., about 8ight o.Clock, P. M. on 
May 12th 1949. 

I was sitting on the poarch at my home and saw the 
light of this object appear from the east at about 4000 ft 
high; I first thought it a star but looked too large for that 
for a while it seemed to be standing still., In two or three 
minutes I could tell it was slowly moving; I watched it 
closely and the nearer it came to me it appeared and looked 
like an air plane with the landing lights on a rather amber 
color., and about time it was well entering the Roanoke City 
limits the lights were cut off and I did not see any other 
lights about it. 

After the lights were cut off it came nnarer and I 
could'รก the motor or motors which sounded very much like the 
drone of the B 29 Motors when just cruising along with the 
motors~way back and I could hear plain enough that tho motor 
was not running proper it sounded like it was about half way 
missling, and as far as bein able to see the object it was 
too dark., There are reports sections that it was seen after 
passing over Roanoake., My idea about this object is it must 
have been a Air Ship of some size having some motor trouble 
and the lights were soon trailing it were coming from the 
exhaust port. 
In order to Identify my self I am a Postal Employee 
at the Roanoke Va., Post Office and have been employed there 
for nearly Twenty Eight Years. 

Rosyactfully yours,

[Signature]
[Address]
Roanoke, Va.
``` 

Please note that the text may include errors and irregularities due to the quality of the scanned image and the typewriting of the time.