The image provided is a scanned document page and does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text-filled page from a report. I will now transcribe the text verbatim.

---

UNCLASSIFIED

that photographs of the object had been ruined. The aforequoted article was secured from the pictorial issue of the Times and therefore may have been changed somewhat from the other issues.

4. MARVIN MILES, Aviation Editor, Los Angeles Times, Times Building, 202 First Street, Los Angeles, was questioned concerning his article and his first remark was, "Do you think I made it up?" MILES was definitely reluctant to talk as to the source of the information for his article but finally gave the following account.

5. MILES stated that he was in the Navy Office at White Sands Proving Ground when someone came in the office to talk with the "Captain." MILES claimed he could not recall the Captain's name and that the Captain was suggested to him he said he guessed that was the name. At any rate, the "someone" was a man who made a report to the Captain concerning the sighting of an object in the sky on Friday (20 August 1949). MILES claimed that he overheard part of this story but claimed he could not recall exactly what he had overheard. However, he further claimed that he did not talk to the man at the time but later sought him out and questioned him further. MILES said this man refused to give his name, but he later learned the man's name and that the man was not a civilian visitor but a member of the personnel who are a part of the things performed by WSPG. MILES, MILES' words give the rank of the officer who heard, but was simply the writer the name of one officer, but added that Captain GROVER could give that information. It is NT suggested, but MILES then wanted to know if MILES was "trying to get someone in trouble" and he was advised that the purpose of the inquiries was to determine his source for his story in order that that person could be interviewed for further details.

6. MILES called attention of the writer to the second paragraph of his article wherein he stated that three men, two senior officers and an enlisted technician, had reported seeing strange objects in the sky, one as recently as last Friday (26 August 1949) during preparation for a high-altitude missile flight. MILES said that this was true. He stated that one of these officers, whose name he would not furnish, had told him about other occurrences which had been noted at WSPG. MILES strongly suggested that the officer in question was Commander DOUGLAS C. McMULLEN, U.S.N., WSPG, but claimed he did not recall the officer's name. The second officer mentioned in his article was apparently also officially stationed at WSPG from the way MILES talked, but he would not elaborate on this.

7. MILES disclaimed any knowledge about an allegation or rumor of any photographs being spoiled when the object reported to have been spotted on 26 August 1949 was seen.

8. CLYDE ROGERS, Newscaster, Radio Station KMTR, Hollywood, appeared very cooperative during the interview with him and stated that he did not know for sure but he thought that the source for this 26 August 1949 sighting of an object in the sky was a Commander LISLE, or something similar, but that MILES, not he, got this story. ROGERS intimated that MILES had told him this,

UNCLASSIFIED

---

Please note that my response only includes text from the document, and as an AI developed by OpenAI, I do not have a position to confirm or reject the accuracy and validity of any claims made within the report.