There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

The text from the document is as follows:

---

No. 173. Rawinsondes released from Barksdale AFB at 1500 CST.
Shreveport under influence of very light flow of a local nature which
extended through the 500 mb. level. In all probability, rawinsonde
balloon that was circular following its oblique vertical winds.
These balloons soon approximately two hours later in the same area.
Assuming; a balloon leak, not altogether uncommon, this rawinsonde could
have remained low enough to be seen. Winds reported as high as 70K
account for speed. Conclusion: Rawinsonde balloon.

No. 174. Forecast pilot balloon sounding release was at Lake Charles
at 0300 CST. Wind flow much in lower levels, chartr. to SSW with aliti-
tudo. No winds of high enough velocity to carry pilot balloon sounding
from Lake Charles to New Orleans in time interval was reported. Only 
other release in the area was at isloxi, North of New Orleans. Winds
aloft were WSW. Speed estimated at observer of 300 M.P.H. is approxmately
15 times greater than any wind reported for that area. Conclusion: Not
a balloon.

No. 175. Pilot balloon sounding released from Albuquerque at same
time as observation. Upper winds show WNW flow hence could not have been
the AB balloon. Great differences of opinion exist as to speed and shape
of the object. One observer states that the object was not a weather
balloon. All evidence indicates that this is true. Conclusion: Not a 
balloon.

No. 176. Navy rawinsonde and Weather Bureau pilot balloon sounding
were released approximately one hour prior to sighting. Wind flow, how-
ever, was NW at all levels from the surface to 15,000 feet which would
seem to preclude the possibility of either balloon drifting; North to the
San Pablo area. Both witnesses also agree that the object was travelling
at high speed. Winds for that region did not exceed 25 K. Conclusion; 
No balloon.

No. 177. Crack-pot report; insufficient information to evaluate.

No. 178. No weather balloons were released in the vicinity on the
date mentioned.

No. 179. Crack-pot report; insufficient information to evaluate.

No. 180. No date given hence no analysis possible.

---