The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page of text from a report. Below is the transcription of the text present in the image:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

thirty years of age, but appears to have a background of experience far
beyond his age possesses. He is believed to be conservative, sincere, absolutely
reliable, and very cooperative.

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects observed in Cr.PZ 27 May 1949

On Friday, 27 May 1949, source was flying his own Stinson
aircraft from Red Bluff, California to Burns, Ore., a distance of 305 miles.
He left Red Bluff at 1132 P.S.T., and arrived at Burns at 1545 P.S.T. (elapsed
time 1 hour 26 minutes). Source lives in a turns after circling the town
twofold, which observed about two minutes. The sun's normal maximum azimuth
is 170° 521', source "Quadrilateral high plain" which he feels passes through
surplus lightening, nine the plane by about 600 lbs.) and it means the crew ... all
true air 5PM--160 or the 15th the base 212 MPH ground speed; source
estimates he has a tail wind of 15 to 16 MPH.

At 1425 Pacific Standard Time, Friday, 27 May 1949, source observed
the sun pointing on an object or objects at a considerable distance to his right,
a few to his mind the object or objects did to wish the other aircraft seem
reflect light natural objects; it also maintained a constant vertical thickness
as the distance lessened between the aircraft and the objects. Rather the objects
reached the low bluffs (however not used to 2) at aerobatic contests ski area
course (W) which run for a number of miles along the distant side of some grey
lakes (snappings, Flats; the (Chaparral can't be correct look) has a small it is used
of a single object there were several, which seemed to be flying in formation.

At this point the objects appeared to have elucidated the other reason
that they were parallel; his horse (southwest to his runway) as this period
follow at the objects at about 600 to 600 feet below source's altitude is
certain that he observed about as much as 5 1/2 to 7 1/2 the source's altitude
he could see the objects as being 10 miles size could be less was 
less than 10 miles away and he could see the objects outlined against the 
bluffs.

The objects that source saw are described by him as follows:
Size of each object: Considerably smaller than a jet fighter plane,
probably less than 20 ft in length, air or air the space objects are nothing
the same in size.

Shape of objects; There was no break in the outline. Source is
certain he would have recognized conventional aircraft. They had a solid
configuration, and no great thickness. They were elongated oval, perhaps
twice as long as wide, and perhaps five times as long; as thick. Source points
to the observed the objects from an angle from above and could not easily
estimate their thickness; they could possibly have been disc-shaped, an solid
conservatively have been pretty oval. The objects sounded definitely could
objects - there was nothing ethereal about them.

Speed of Objects; Source is confident that they were traveling at least as
fast as the source's own plane (270 MPH on the time a wind of 15 to 16 
MPH and the objects would the forth have been doing over 250 MPH air speed. The
objects were traveling; simultaneously, opposite to the source's course, is
calculated; the speed of the objects, but ... real different ways from the
how, the speed to the objects varies between 190 to 260 MPH. Source
concluded at the time of observation that he could not possibly have turned

UNCLASSIFIED
--- 

Note: The text contains several instances where it is illegible or fragmentary, as indicated by ellipses (...) and unclear phrases. This is reflected in the transcription.