There are no photographs present in this image. The image contains a text document. Here is the optical character recognition (OCR) output of the text in the document:

Page 2 Incident ___107____

Name and address of observer: [REDACTED]

Occupation and hobbies: 
Engraver

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

Summary of Information

The following information is taken from an article in the SAVANNAH MORNING NEWS, 22 July 1949:

"STRANGE, FLAMING OBJECT REPORTED CLOSE TO VALDOSTA"

"Valdosta, Ga., July 20. - A strange object which resembled a V-2 rocket was reported here by a veteran of world war II.

"A local engraver, told a member of the local newspaper that he first sighted the object, which he described as a reddish orange flame, while he was lying in bed Monday night.

"He awakened his wife who also told of seeing the object and asked her to bring his field glasses in order that he could observe the phenomenon more closely. ____ said he dressed hurriedly and rushed into his yard where he was still able to clearly see the moving object.

"The object was moving rapidly the engraver said at first and seemed to be climbing from the ground into the air. It began to move more slowly as it apparently gained altitude. ____ said, bearing out the observation that it looked like a V-2 being launched.

"The former GI said that he had seen two V-2 rockets launched by the Germans during a tour of duty in the European Theater of Operations during the last war.

"Hopes mild that the object was visible to him for at least seven minutes before he lost it of view with the use of field glasses.

"A member of the Valdosta Times staff reported that he received a telephone call at approximately midnight from an unidentified person who seemed excited and asked that he look to see a fiery object in the sky. The newsman said that he rushed outdoors but was not able to see the object." (F-6)

A check of local and federal agencies in the area failed to reveal anyone with any definite knowledge of any strange flying objects in the vicinity of Savannah, Ga. (B-2)