The image in the document appears to show an old, grainy photograph of a circular object with several protruding features that resemble blades or fins. The object is resting on a surface that might be the inside of a barn or similar structure, hinted at by the background texture and the presence of what could be wooden beams or boards.

Here is the text from the document:

WASHINGTON POST, 2 AUG 19

Broken Saucer...

OLD SPINNER—This battered flying contraption—which may have been the original "flying saucer"—rests in a barn, 11 miles south of

WASHINGTON POST, 20 AUGUST 1949

Associated Press RESTRICTED.

First 'Saucer' Is Located By Air Force
The battered remnants of what may have been the original "flying saucer" and possibly the first successful helicopter were uncovered in a Maryland tobacco shed yesterday.

Attached to their discovery by state police is the story of a 60-year-old inventor who was en- 
Gined from selling work for the 
Jersey Cose Airways and disappeared some 10 years ago.

Air Force investigators were astated by Maryland police in locating the rickety craft on the Lewis Pump hokey farm about 11 miles south of Baltimore near Glen Burnie.

The Associated Press quoted the Air Force last night as saying there is "a good chance" that the craft "are prototypes" of mysterious "flying saucers" that pilots have reported seeing from time to time.

The Air Force said Bolling Field had been advised that "some flying lenses have been located in Maryland," and that Army detachments made an investation.

The first plane was described as looking like a helicopter. It had a device on the resembling two huge saucers, 16 feet in diameter, covered with airplane cloth. It had 1450 holes in its lower surface, no engine was found, and no license had been required by the nine-cylinder radial engine.

The other craft resembled the Mars Volta in its outer shell of plywood and with an engine and cockpit inside.

It had the four blades extending around its top rotor in the position. They rotated around the bottom, according to the Air Air directions

John W. Gann of the GlenBurnie Airport, wasn't surprised to hear the two machines had been found. He felt he helped inventor Jonathan E. Caldwell built them, he said.

Gann said he couldn't enlighten Air Force investigators on the whereabouts of Caldwell. He said he understood the securities and exchange camession was interested in Caldwell's stock sales about 1930. Gann said he last saw Caldwell about 1939, when the inventor disappeared.

The 1939 or 1937, Caldwell staked.

TO SAUCERS, Page 4, Column 1

(The continuation on another page is not present in this portion of the document.)