The image provided does not contain any photographs. However, it does contain a lot of text and several illustrations or advertisements. I will transcribe the text in the main article and not the advertisements:

---
flying Saucers Are Real

[Continued from page 13]

likely they know just on the air. They'd bring in like trying to bring them down, thanks we want to do. something the Air Force, that it seems to have a new, significant meaning to the following Air Force statements:

"No definite conclusive evidence is yet available to prove our disprove the existence of at least some of the remaining unidentified objects are real aircraft of unknown and unconventional configuration... The mere existence of some jet unidentified flying objects necessitates a constant vigilance on the part of Project Saucer personnel, and on the part of the civilian population... Recent incidents as shown us to be the normally military installation, vital headquarters, Air Material Command, did months after Saucer's received attention."

This statement, though, has ceased to mysterious object with unidentified nature is dealt is still under the fly."

A thorough investigator disclosed his report (A Digest of Preliminary Studies by the Air. Material Command on The Lying Saucers), dated April 27, 1949 which the chief scientific engineer of a major aircraft manufacturing company. In view of the statements to be covered from this man, who must necessarily be anonymous, it should be said that he is a hard-headed practical engineer of long experience, responsible for the design of aircraft known by name to every literate American."

"Certainly the flying saucers are possible," he said. One must not have any and by justified over it, enough impossible. If the saucers fly, would have been a model because the felt that he been common form the sources and would just read at Buck Rogers, or by the enemy; they fly by atomic energy---which is just all produce considerably more power times more powerful---but by some other has not yet discovered or the reaction of igneous fortune at our fine time!"

"It would have the stability of the conventional airplane, but it would have enormous maneuverability---it could ride very at extremely, described with the air exactly, however high speed, and go proper power. Don't take my word for it. Check with other engineers."

True went on to the nation's most authoritative source of advisory knowledge, the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics. Two official N.A.C.A. reports, Technical Note 539 and Report 1391, discuss tests on circular and elliptical air (exert by airfoils which proved that were clearly and ordinary-soar. At N.A.C.A. headquarters, one of their top engineers stated that a disk with advanced design or rot had nozzles around the rim could rise and descend vertically, hover. It's directly and make sharp turns, by to stage the action and velocity would be governed by the number of nozzles operating, the power applied, and the angle at which

--- 

Please note that the text is fragmented and might contain errors due to visual distortion in the original document. The advertisements and other portions of the page have not been transcribed as per your request.