There is no photograph present in this document. Here is all the text found in the document:

---

right and left turn and speed effected by the hand on the remainin conjctrols."

During these sharp maneuvers, the light banked quickly, then made another dip climb.

"It put my F-51 into a sharp turn and tried to cut it off in its turn," said Gorman. "But when we were at about five-thousand feet. Suddenly it made a sharp right turn and we went straight at each other. Just us we headed about to collide I gave it a deep.

"I guess you'd say the light passed over my canopy at about five hundred feet. Then it made a left circle about a thousand feet above and I gave chase again."

Gorman gave up the pursuit when the collision seemed imminent a second time, the object shot straight up in the air. Gorman banked left at a full throttle.

Just about this time, two other witnesses—a private pilot and his passenger—saw the fast-moving light. Both later agreed on its speed: the pilot: upward—twice climbed into jet fighter stratosphere, near his banking jet pursuit.

Gorman landed at the airport on the border. This was later proved the fuel indicator hand on the line and spinning.

Despite the fact that the light changed direction, F-51 jet pilot, Gorman's plane were within 1,000 feet, the light disappeared into a thin cover of seven-months' light thrown and quickly disappeared. Into a "peculiar tall." The glow hovered above the men in a straight north direction dead ahead. Craftsman noticed no deviation or exhausts.

Groups, he sounds, clubs, or houses in an astronomical check radio set, star's fireballs, and found this—well that the fact of the Atomic A to repel the memory of the witness provided in the first place. As the Air Force stated the only other investigation, an elevation. A line of all—or a light only a balloon. In view of the test. And one hunter who was also pointed out that a balloon could not achieve the light speed and stiff maneuvers of the high.

So, once again, a serious, competent reports remain unanswered. The mystery light is, officially, unindentified.

What was it?
Amidst those who believe the flying disks exist, there is one group which clings to the idea that they are a highly secret U.S. Air Force experiment. It has been suggested that this was a remote control disk with a transponder "tin fitted with a television or radar to station whatever it is a pilot saw every eye."

Gorman described an odd fuzziness around the edge of the light. This could have been a blur reflected from the transparent airflow rim. The glowing light would be solid in caramel external mechanism—Gorman said the light appeared to have "depth." This would explain why it hung behind this also found to reveal an unseen circular light.

Assuming the existence of the flying disk, the rest would be fairly simple. We have already used remote-controlled craft with radar and television units responsive distant areas and flash back from the group mentioned has a similar one for the other as the sight.

In this case, Project Saunders's job

---

The text on the rest of the page is too blurry to read properly and output accurately.