There is no photograph in the image provided. Below is the text extracted from the document as per your request:

---

Page 2 Incident 3IA

Name and address of observer: Mr. ----------

Occupation and Hobbiest: 
                            Project Engr., Crosley Motor Corp

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

Mr. ------, Project Engr,, Crosley Engineering Div., Crosley Motors, Cincinnati, Ohio, was interviewed on 14 June 1949, and he stated that he observed an unidentified aerial object at approximately 0900 hours on 5 June 1949, from the back yard of his home, which is approximately one mile southeast of the Lunken Air- port, Cincinnati, Ohio. The flight pattern of this object, different than balloons or airplanes, attracted Mr. ------'s attention to the object. The object appeared to be about the size of a baseball and dark grayish brown in color. When first seen, it was al- most overhead at an eighty five degree angle approx eight to ten thousand feet in altitude. The object, traveling southeast, was round in shape and as it got further away from the observer, it appeared to change from a round shape to a sausage shape. The object passed through a cloud, made a steep climb, came to a halt and reversed its course, traveling NW at a higher altitude. This object was in sight for approx. 45 secs. The object took approximately twenty secs from the time of its appearance to the top of its climb, and took approximately fifteen seconds to make a direct reverse of its course and disappear from sight beyond the horizon. Mr. ------- could not tell whether the object made any sound for airplanes from the Lunken Airport, Cinnc., Ohio, were in the air at a much lower altitude) approx 1500 to 2000 ft. The object did not leave any trail, have any projections or have any effect on the cloud it passed through. There were a few clouds at a high altitude and a light wind from the southmost otherwise the weather was very clear.

---