There are no photographs present in this image.

As an OCR system, here is the output of all the text found in the document:

```
UNCl'

Its path was entirely regular, with no chance of course or speed. There was
no variation in the amount of light or any "blinking", no rotation could
have been observed as no features of the disc were visible.

Mr.P. thought he saw it leave behind some red sparks, but neither Mrs.
Purves or I saw these.

My friend, Mrs. A and some guests, from their lawn at
Conshohocken, ten miles north of Media, at about the same time of the night,
saw what "was undoubtedly the same object, traveling, they think, from northwest
to southeast. They at first thought it was a rocket and then realized that it
was a meteor.

I reported the sighting promptly to The Franklin Institute, who furnished an
account which was published in three late edition of the Sunday Bulletin on 26 
June, 1949. The following day I wrote to Dr. of the University of
Pennsylvania Flower Observatory at Swarthmore, Pennsylvania, and gave them a
detailed account of the phenomenon. I sent copies of this letter to Dr.
Lincoln LaPaz, Director of the Institute of Meteoritics, University of New
Mexico, Los Alamos, New Mexico, and also to Dr. Frederick C. Leonard, Astronomer,
University of Southern California, Los Angeles, California.

Dr. Oliver is President of the American Meteor Society and as such collects
accounts of all meteors. He tells me that he has not obtained enough other
accounts to enable him to trace the actual course of the object by triangulation.
Dr. LaPaz wrote me a series of questions about the phenomenon, which I have
answered, and I understand that the Office of Special Investigations, USAF, has
a copy of this answer.

I have read this statement, which consists of two pages. I have signed this
statement and initialed all corrections. This statement is the truth to the
best of my knowledge and belief, and I have given it freely and voluntarily.

/s/ 
Eugene L. Zechmeister, S.A.
Philadelphia, Pa.

UNCLISSIFIFD
```