The image provided is a scanned page from a document and does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typewritten account with some handwritten annotations. The page is labeled at the top with "Page 2" and "Incident _____" followed by a redacted number. There are several redacted sections on the page including names and personal details.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

Name and address of observer: [redacted]

Occupation and hobbies:
Truck Driver

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):
Appears to be of average intelligence and character.

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:
STATEMENT—I, [redacted], Tucson, Arizona, was laying on my back looking out the window facing directly South, on Sunday May 8, 1949, and at about a 45 degree angle, very high in the sky, I could see a round object, at about a two thousand yards high horizontally to the West. I then went outside and observed the object and it was due South from my house about ten degrees west and I would judge it to be two miles in the air. When I first noticed this object it was shaped like a football bladder. Then it seemed to change to a flat shape. When I first noticed it, it appeared to be the size of a tennis ball. This object was white in color, appeared to be solid and was traveling West and when getting into the mountains West of Tucson, turned North and began to rise at about a 45 degree angle. After it was not traveling fast, it just appeared to be approximately two minutes. As it began to rise, this object appeared to be drifting along. I do not think this was a piece of paper or any other object blown into the air nor do I think it was a conventional airplane.

I first sighted this object around clover o'clock in the morning and it was in view for about ten or fifteen minutes. There appeared to be no windows or holes in this object nor did it seem to have control surfaces of any type feasible to the naked eye. No smoke or exhaust could be seen coming from the object and it reflected light.

[Handwritten note at the bottom repeats "Tucson, Arizona"]