There are no photographs present in the image you provided. As requested, here is the text extracted from the document:

---
THE NEWS AND OBSERVER, RALEIGH, N.C. THURSDAY MORNING-DECEMBER 29, 1949.

Odd Object Puzzles Hamlet

Hamlet, Dec. 28.—(AP)—A strange unidentified aircraft, resembling a balloon or a blimp, was reported flying "erratically" over Hamlet the day, apparently out of control.

Several residents, including two pilots, gave various reports of the craft as "heading straight down and leveling off," and "turning over."

One observer said he thought he saw something resembling a man drop from the craft and one pilot, who chased it in an airplane, said it appeared to be from 20 to 30 feet in diameter.

It was first reported flying west over town at about 4:45 p.m. by Dr. W. D. James of Hamlet and Wire Chief J. C. Worley. They reported the ship to the local airport where former overseas news correspondent, Phillip Gibbons, took off in a light plane to chase the craft. Gibbons, a former Air Force pilot, said he saw the craft only once from the air and that its definitely was not "saucer shaped."

He said he was unable to overtake it but that from a distance it appeared to be a large metal ball with loudy external fittings such as are ordinarily carried by free balloons. Although observers said the craft did not seem to have much speed from the ground, Gibbons reported it quickly disappeared in the south when he drew near.

The newsman said he last saw the 'blimp' 12 miles southwest of here. The weather station at Charlotte said there was some possibility that the object might have been a radio sonde balloon such as are released

SEE HAMLET, Page Two.

HAMLET
—Continued From Page One—

by weather stations at Greensboro and Fort Bragg each morning about 1:10 a.m. The balloons are used to transmit weather data from the atmosphere, and ordinarily bursting at high altitude, the radio parachutes back to earth. However, the weather station said the fact that it was seen over Hamlet so late in the afternoon, tended to discount this theory.

And Gibbons said that from his air force service he was familiar with these balloons and that the strange craft did not resemble one. "It was much bigger," he said.

He added that the fact it did not change altitude for a long period of time also tended to disparage it was.

UNCLASSIFIED
--- 

Please note the last part of text extracted may contain errors due to the poor image quality.