The image provided is of a typewritten document page with the header "UNCLASSIFIED". There are no photographs present in the image.

Here is the text as it appears in the image:

```
                             UNCLASSIFIED
4 Nov 52

SUBJECT: Visit to WADC

Facts and Discussion

1. On 14 Nov 52 Capt. J. Ruppelt and Lt. R. M. Olsson visited Col Hood, chief
of the Nuclear Powered Aircraft Branch of WADC. Previous to this visit, Col Hood
had contacted ATIC in regard to certain sightings of UFO's at Oak Ridge National
Laboratory, Tennessee, in which he and a Naval officer had attempted to obtain cor-
relation between sightings and peaks in radiation backgrounds.

2. Col Hood stated that in Jul 50, (the person who was then head of the Phy-
sics Department at Vanderbilt University) said Hood could not recall his name, but
stated he would find our and notify ATIC (Col. Hood the believed there might be
some correlation between sightings of UFO's and increases in radiation. Col. Hood
and a Naval officer became interested and attempted to correlate these occurances.

3. To effect this correlation, they went to a radar site at the Knoxville
Airport (now an ADC Airt/CW Squadron - he did not know for sure whether or not it was
ADC at that time) and got a copy on their log of unknown tracks. They then got
the records from several radiation monitoring stations in the Oak Ridge Area and
attempted to make a correlation. Their attempts to correlate the data were not 
too successful. The radiation detection equipment that was used was the standard
equipment set up to monitor the background count in four separate areas at the
laboratory. One type of counter measured alpha radiation and one type gamma ra-
diation. (These were not the directional type of coincidence counters used at Los
Alamos) Col Hood states that approximately three times per month peaks would be
recorded on the tapes, sometimes on either the alpha counter or gamma counter
and sometimes on both simultaneously. They took these peaks and the unknown radar
pickups and in some cases were able to correlate them. No written record was made
or kept, consequently, the percent correlation is not known.

4. Col Hood gave the name of a Mr. Ira Bettis of the Oak Ridge National Labo-
ratory who could possibly give more details. Mr. Bettis is an electronics spec-
ialist on the NEPA project.

5. The possibility of detecting the passage of a nuclear powered aircraft
was discussed. Col Hood stated that ground counters would definitely register if
such an aircraft passed overhead. He said that if he remembered correctly, it
had been computed that the aircraft being designed in the U.S. would give [Rontgen
from an altitude of 50']. This is not dangerous if taken instantaneously. (For
persons continually exposed, 1/8 of this is the limit.) This 1 Rontgen at 50' drops
off with the square of the distance or R = k/d^e. He stated that naturally the
shielding determines how much radiation would be detected. On an unshielded mis-
sile the level would rise by a factor of 10^8. As far as can be determined, this
would be the only way to detect a nuclear powered aircraft as the configuration is
completely conventional.

                   DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED
                   AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10

                             UNCLASSIFIED SECURITY INFORMATION
```

Please note that the OCR transcription might contain minor errors due to unclear text or possible OCR misinterpretations.