The image does not contain a photograph, but there is a page of text which appears to be from a document. Below is the text extracted from the image:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

CARSWELL FLIGHT SERVICE CENTER
Carswell Air Force Base
Fort Worth, Texas

AFD-1c1yb

14 April 1949

FTD 319.1

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson AFB Base, Ohio

Attention: MCIAO-X

1. In compliance with FB Regulation 200-2, subject "Unidentified
Flying Objects" dated 2 November 1948, in reference to letter, Headquarters,
UAF, subject "Reporting of Information on 'Flying Discs,' " dated
6 February 1949, the following report is submitted.

2. An unidentified flying object was seen over Fort Worth, Texas,
on 13 April 1949, at approximately 2105C, by 1st lt Robert A. Franus, who called it to the attention of Captain Stanley Borowski. Both
officers are assigned to the Carswell Flight Service Center, Carswell
Air Force Base, Fort Worth, Texas.

3. Subject officers had just returned from a local flight and
were standing by their aircraft on the flight line. The weather at that
time was bright daylight reported by Carswell Air Force Base was clear
and visibility of eight miles.; No photograph ers available. One object
was round and in the shape of a bell, very silver in color. It was
traveling at a tremendous rate of pseudo, estimated to be over 1000
miles per hour, altitude was very hard to judge and cannot be estimated
correctly; however, object seemed to be clearly visible. Northwest
Airlines Sam co-pilot used were on the ramp in the Main Maintenance
direction, it seemed to fly horizontally in the direction of south-
south-east. It did not appear to burn out, but suddenly disappeared.
No sound was heard. The exhaust trail seemed to be approximately three
times the size of the object and also was silver in color. The exhaust
consisted of silver streaks and star shaped figures. The object definitely
did not appear to be a jet or meteor. Its speed was far in excess of
an jet saw or witnessed by observers at the time who took part
in any number of new aerodynamics. A check of Carswell Flight Service
Flight following rocks showed no jet aircraft flying in this area at
Time object was sighted.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD D1R 5200.9

H. D. GENTRY
Captian, USAF
Adjutant

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that the extraction is as accurate as possible, but there might be errors due to the quality of the document and the difficulty in interpreting faded or unclear text.