The document provided does not contain any photographs, only typewritten text.

Below is the OCR text output from the document:

```
"SECRET"   R-E-S-T-R-I-C-T-E-D   "UNCLASSIFIED"

Page 2                         UNC LASSIFIED        Incident No. 
Guide to Investigation

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc) none

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of
              brilliance); a dull mass with a bright center

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.); none

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc - sketch of flight path):

                   SIDE VIEW

                   TOP VIEW

21. Manner of disappearance: disappeared from view while still in mid air
22. Effects on clouds:     no clouds

23. Additional information concerning object: Object did not appear to
    have any substance, appeared to be similar to the spot of a searchlight
    without the normal beam

24. Weather conditions and lights at time of sighting: no moon-stars out-
    clear and good visibility

Name and address of observer:           253d
Base Sv Sqdn OAFB, Orlando, Fla. - 277 Barracks
Occupation and hobbies!                Soldier, present assignment - Sgt of the Guard, 
Base Provost Marshall's Office, OAFB, - Hunting and citrus growing 

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer 
(Report of neighbors, police dept, FBI records, employers, etc.): 
Observer has been with the MP's at OAFB, since April 1943 and has a good
reputation and is considered reliable. Observer has had previous military
service from June 1933 to September 1945. From 1945 to 1943, Observer was
Deputy Sheriff of Indian River County, Florida.

Did observer wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at the of sighting,
If the object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material:
Object was not viewed through any material. Observer did not-use does
not wear glasses but possessed to be slightly color-blind.

R-E-S-T-R-I-C-T-E-D   "UNCLASSIFIED"
```

Please note that the text has been transcribed as-is, including any typographical errors or partially obscured words within the original document.