The image does not contain any photographs; it is a scanned document.

Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

BASIC: Ltr fr Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio,
       Subj: "Sighting of Flying Disks - Incident #235", dtd 24 Feb 49

AACS 350.09                                                                                      1st Ind

Headquarters, 1501oth AACS Group, APO 953, 15 March 1949

TO: Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson AFB,
    Dayton, Ohio, ATTN: MCIATO-3

1. In compliance with requests contained in basic communication, for-
warded herewith is one completed copy of Guide to Investigation.

2. In Lieu of a signed statement, the observer was requested to 
certify to the statements of observation contained in the Guide to Investi-
gation. This informant's comments the initial radiogram report to your
headquarters immediately subsequent to the occurrence of the incident and
contemplates written report forwarded immediately thereafter.

3. No other witnesses reported observance of this incident to the
undersigned. However, it has been noted that observers of the incident,
who are greatly concerned with other commands, have reported the incident
to the Intelligence Section of their command.

4. Reference paragraph 4, basic communication, item 3 of the "General"
Section of the enclosed completed form has been completed in as much detail
as is possible, The flight schedules of the Rogers Airport are rather
difficult to obtain as most flights are transoceanic in nature, covering
great distances; the following Commercial Airlines operate in and out of
that airport; Pan American Airways, United Air Lines, Hawaiian Air Lines,
Philippine Air Lines, Matson Air Lines, Transocean Air Lines, Pacific Overseas Airways, China National Airlines, Northwest Airlines, and British Comm,
Pacific Airlines.

5. Should your headquarters desire any additional information concern-
ing this incident, this headquarters will be pleased to further cooperate,

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

/s/ [signature]
George W. Startup
Captain, USAF
Security & Intelligence Officer

1 Incl:
    Guide to Investigation
    (1 copy)

UNCLASSIFIED
```

The bottom of the page has a black redacted section and there's a stamp or marking that is too blurry to read accurately.