The image does not contain any photographs. It features a typed document. Below is the text as an OCR system would produce:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS
637TH AIRCRAFT CONTROL AND WARNING SQUADRON
505TH AIRCRAFT CONTROL AND WARNING GROUP
Moses Lake Air Force Base
Washington
23 May 1949

SUBJECT: Project "SIGN".

To: Chief of Staff
United States Air Force
Washington, 25, D.C.
Attn: Director of Intelligence, Requirements Division

1. At 1330 a call was received from the Hanford Area (Concrete)
flying saucer was over the East area approximately 4 (four) 
miles East of the Hanford atomic Plant, Washington. The operator at Han-
ford stated that the Disk was standing still and then took off in a
south-easterly direction at a speed greater than that of a jet fighter.
The available aircraft was called for by the Hanford operator and the
aircraft was scrambled. The Hanford operator cleared the aircraft into
their prohibited area (authorization) coming from the Assistant Chief
of the Security Section at Hanford). The scopes were instructed to
search the southern sector with no results. Crew personnel and the
controller searched the sky, visually, and noted a round, white or
silver object traveling in a northerly direction at a speed greater
than that of jet fighters at approximately 10,000 to 15,000 feet.
The base weather section was then contacted to see if any weather balloons
were sent up and they reported in the negative. Base weather section stated
that they do not utilize weather balloons. At 1420 an F-82, Gertrude 20,
pilot Gardner was airborne and reported in to Torch controller. A target,
number 81, was being tracked in the east-south-east sector by Torch at
this time and the ADCC instructed the controller to intercept it in
hopes that it might be a Disk. Target 81 faded in radar contact just after
(approximately 5 minutes) Gertrude 20 was airborne. The controller was able to
give two vectors before target 81 faded. Radar contact with this fighter was
spotty, so poor that a coherent track on the fighter was impossible.
Approximately 1425 Hanford reported falling bits of paper in their
area (in the vicinity of the Rattlesnake Mountains). The Hanford operator
described the papers as being approximately 6 inches square, red on one
side and green on the other. The fighter was then sent to the vicinity of
the Rattlesnake mountains to examine the area for the papers.

UNCLASSIFIED	DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS	DOD DIR 5200.10

1 / 2 / 3

---