The image does not contain any photographs.

As for the text, here is the OCR output:

```
DETAILS:

1. This investigation is in accordance with the 
requirements of AFOSI Letter #35, dated 12 August 1949, 
subject: "Unconventional Aircraft, SPECIAL INQUIRY." Report 
was made to Acting District Commander personally by Mrs. 
██████████ and Mrs. ██████████, both of Winchendon, 
Massachusetts on 23 October 1949.

AT WINCHENDON, MASSACHUSETTS

2. This is an investigation by Special Agent HARRY 
J. JENKINS.

3. Above-named agent interviewed Mrs.
██████████ of ████████ Winchendon, Mass-
and Mrs. ██████████ as a result of information volun-
tarily given by ████████, stated that at approxi-
mately 1153, Monday, 26 September 1949, while standing on the 
sidewalk on Central Street, Winchendon, Mass., her attention 
was attracted to some smoke in the sky. On looking up she 
observed an object in the sky which appeared to be diving, 
or falling slowly, emitting puffs of gray smoke in rapid 
succession. No celestial phenomena nor planets, other than 
the sun were discernable. The day was bright with approxi-
mately 3/10 broken clouds. ████████ could not positively 
state the distance of the object from her position vertically, 
but stated that as it lost its very overhead. The object 
remained in sight for approximately fifteen (15) minutes, 
traveling from northwest to southeast and changed course from 
vertical descent gradually to that of horizontal flight. Mo 
sound was noticable, nor were there any effect on the few 
clouds in the sky. The object did not have any wings or 
other appendages. It was described as: "like a 
silver, shiny airplane body, yet more box-like in appearance." 
Object disappeared approximately at a 135 miles distant from 
the observer after a big puff of smoke was emitted.

4. The observer, Mrs. ██████████
Winchendon, Massachusetts, is a housewife and store-clerk,
employed at Howard's Gift Shop, Central St., Winchendon, MASS., 
has flown as a passenger in aircraft occasionally, is interested 
slightly in aviation, and has knowledge of aircraft types, 
including lighter-than-air. Attention was drawn to the object 
during glance at sky and not by any engine smoking trail. 
Observer has average intelligence, is of good character and is 
usually reliable. Observer known to this agent for sixteen 
(16) years.

(End of Page)
UNCLASSIFIED
```