The image does not contain a photograph; it is a page of text from a document.

Here is the text from the document:

```
FACTUAL DATA

I. Foreign Reports

During the summer of 1946, there were reported to have been
seen in Sweden a number of mysterious aerial objects. There were as
many different descriptions for the "ghost rockets" as the newspapers
tagged them, as there were observers. It soon became quite common for
newspapers in Sweden and in the U.S. to refer authoritatively to these 
objects as guided missiles with the inference that they were test
flights from Russia or Russian-dominated areas. The "ghost rockets"
were usually seen in hours of darkness, almost always traveling at ex-
tremely high speed, shaped like a ball or projectile; bright or lum-
inescent blue, white, red, green, or yellow; sometimes had an associated
roaring and sometimes not. From two Swedish reports both observed in
May, the end of the season, 1946, an occasional report came out of Den-
mark, Norway, Spain, Greece, F.F. Morocco, Portugal, and Turkey.
Throughout 1947 and 1948, "ghost rocket" reports totalled less than
dozen. None have been received within the past 6 months. These reports
reached the public through the press and the radio, they reached the
Government of the U.S. through Military Attache reports. Attaches had
obtained virtually all of their information from European press and
radio items.

The Swedish Defense Staff conducted a comprehensive study of
the early incidents. Several thousand reports were thoroughly investi-
gated and plotted, with resultant conclusions that all evidence obtained
of sightings were explicable in terms of astronomical phenomena. Since
that time, through the Swedes to the U.S threw little or no publicity
attempt to play up their findings to the United States, obviously to
emphasize their request for radar (see Appendix "A").

II. Early American Reports

The first American report of unidentified objects to receive
wide publicity and to cause some national concern was that of Kenneth
Arnold of Boise, Idaho. Along most of the lines of the "ghost rockets"
discussed; this is evidently the original of the much-used terms like 
"flying saucers" and "flying discs". This incident is Number 17 in the
project files. The date of sighting is given as 24 June 1947. Arnold's
story appeared in many newspapers throughout the country. He even
wrote a series of articles about this sighting for "Fate" magazine.
This periodical styles itself "Cosmic Reporter" and delves into the 
supernatural and fantastic.

Within the month following Arnold's report, the number of
incidents reached a peak that remained unsurpassed for any like period
covered by this report. (This peak was, however, surpassed in May 1949,
following an Air Force press release and a series of articles in the
Saturday Evening Post concerning flying objects. A few individuals
later reported having seen objects prior to the Arnold incident.
```
