There is no photograph in the image provided. It is a text document. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

File No. 21-28

DETAILS:

1. Investigation initiated on 1 July 1949 by the acting District
Commander after having been advised by a reliable federal agency that
unidentifiable aerial objects were sighted in Klamath Falls, Oregon, on
23 June 1949.

2. Special Agents John T. McEntry and Paul Loedding assisted
in the investigation of this case.

KLAMATH FALLS, OREGON

3. On 8 July 1949, SA McEntry interviewed Mr. [Redacted]
employed as CAA maintenance tech-
nician at Klamath Falls Airport, Klamath Falls, Ore. The interviewee
advised that he sighted approximately 4 or 5 unidentified objects
the sky from the ground outside the main hangar at the Klamath Falls Airport
at approximately 1415 hours (PDT), 23 June 1949. These objects were first
sighted in trail formation about 30° above the horizon. They were traveled
in horizontally in a SSE direction at a speed faster than any jet ever seen
by him. They were about the size and shape of dinner plates, appeared
to be of metallic construction, metallic greenish-white in color, were
at an estimated altitude of 25 or 30,000 feet, made no sound, left no
exhaust or contrails, no visible effect on the clouds, no visible lights
or reflections from the sun, no visible means of propulsion or support,
and no appendages. They were in sight for a period of two or three or four minutes,
and during this period of observation, only object passed in front
of it and the objects turned on its clear distinguishable side from view
about 45° above the horizon, Mr. [Redacted] employed as a maintenance
technician for the CAA at Klamath Falls, Oregon regarded to be an
intelligent person who would be qualified to identify conventional aircraft.
He has no definite hobby, but likes to hunt and fish. During the time of
observation, he was wearing green sun glasses. Altitude of the objects
was estimated in comparison with the clouds.

4. On 22 September 1949, Mr. [Redacted]
Klamath Falls, Ore., employed as manager of the CAA in Klamath Falls, was
interviewed by the writer at his home and advised that on 23 June 1949 at
approximately 1400 hours (PDT), he sighted four or five unidentifiable
aerial objects from the control tower at the Klamath Falls Airport. He
stated that he happened to look out of the tower and sighted these objects.
They were first sighted at an angle of elevation above the horizon of between
45 and 80°. They were traveling horizontally in a SSE direction at an

UNCLASSIFIED
2
```

Please note that certain names seem to have been redacted from the document.