The image you've provided is a text document and does not contain any photographs.

Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

ROUTING AND REC_RD SHEET
AI. MATERIEL COMMAND

Use this form for inter-office correspondence within headquarters.
Use entire width of sheet, both sides.

Use authorized office symbol to designate addressee and addressor.
Note warning signal at lower left of form.
Remaining space is sufficient only for proper spacing of typewritten signatures.

Place initials of dictator and typist, telephone
number and location to right of signature.

Separate commas by horizontal lines across page.

SUBJECT: Project - . . . . . .  576
DATE      |   COMMENT NO.   |  TO          |   FROM

1. This office is in receipt of a reported sighting of an unidentified aerial
object which was observed 1 1/2 - 2 miles south of Cabery, there oc. for 5 to 7 minutes long
but what it was between 2030 - 2100. In looking thru the binoculars it appeared but smaller
to be slit slightly larger than a - in amongst stars 2000 - 6000 feet altitude. It is family
as tall and to have moved an quarter distance of 100 - 50 yards account, during the 5 - 7
seconds, the object was in sight, no sound was noted.

2. It was that your office might after a possible explanation for its identy
based on conventional or experimental aircraft, known to have been around in the
vicinity at the time mentioned.

TO: TC/CIAXS                     FROM: CKCFD-----------------   DATE_  .       
  It was only jet aircraft in the air at the approximate time and date of the reported
sighting was an F-80 #45-6479 which was returning from Chicago, Illinois. S-   / /  .  .

 2. Since this aircraft landed at 1446, there is a negative report of any known Flight
Test Division aircraft airborne in this vicinity at the time of the reported sighting.

                                   [Signature]
                                   PATRICK . . . . . . . . . . . .
                                   Lt Colonel, USAF
                                   Chief, Operations Subdivision
                                   Flight Test Division

                                               STH/vb
                                               3-2336
                                               Bldg 8
                                               Area B

                                            CONF595

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS,
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS,
DOD DIR 5200.10 UNCLASSI.....
(CONTINUE ON OTHER SIDE)

This form replaces AMC Form No. 1043, which will 
be used until stocks on hand are exhausted.

Please note that some text is illegible or obscured, and I've included ellipses (...) in places where the content is not clear. Also, the signature of the individual and some parts of the last names have been intentionally omitted to adhere to the guidelines regarding privacy.