The image you've provided seems to be a page from a report from Project Blue Book that discusses an unsolved case regarding the sighting of unidentified flying objects. However, the page you've shared does not contain a photograph; it's a typewritten document. Below is the transcription of the text on the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

thirty years of age, but appears to have a background of experience few men his age possess. He is believed to be conservative, sincere, absolutely reliable, and very competert.

REPORT: Unidentified Flying Objects Observed in Oregon 27 May 19^9:

On Friday, 27 May 19̣̣49, source was flying his own SNJ-type aircraft from Red Bluff, California to Burns, Orẹgon, a distance of 305 miles. He left Red Bluff at 1332 P.S.T. and arrived at Burns at 1456 P.S.T. (elapsed time; 1 hour 26 minutes). Source landed at Burns after circling the town twice, which consumed about ten minutes. While an SNJ's normal maximum speed is 170 MPH, source "demilitarized" his plane (which he has purchased at War Surplus, lightening the plane by about 600 lbs.) and it makes around 200 MPH true air speed. While on this flight he made 212 MPH ground speed; source estimates he had a tail wind of 15 to 18 MPH.

At 1425 Pacific Standard Time, Friday, 27 May 19̣̣9, source observed the sun reflecting on an object or objects at a considerable distance ahead, a few points to the starboard. ... he continued to watch the course taken by the reflecting material expecting it to materialize into on onrertorial aircraft as the distance lessened between him and the object or objects. As the objects reached the long bluffs (shown on the noise (V-2) Aeronautical Chart as dirt mouna{n)s) which rise a number of miles along the east side of some dry lakes (Swamp, Flagstaff, Campbell still stone Corral Lakes) he saw that instead of a single object there were several, which seemed to be flying in formation.

At this point the objects appeared to have changed their course so that they were paralleling his course (southwest to his northwest) and were following the bluffs' rim at about 100 to 1500 feet below his altitude, at a distance which he estimates to have been 5 1/2 to 7 1/2 miles. Source is certain that it could not have been as far as 10 miles since the bluffs were less than 10 miles away and he could see the objects outlined against the bluffs.

The objects that source saw are described by him as follows;
Size of each object: Considerably smaller than a fighter plane, probably less that 20' in length. All of the separate objects appeared to be the same in size.

Shape of objects; There was no break in the outline. Source is certain he would have recognized conventional aircraft. They had a solid configuration, and no great thickness. They were elongated oval, perhaps twice as long as wide, and perhaps five times as long as thick. Source points o:t he observ:d the objects from an angle from above and could not easily estimate their thickness; they could possibly have been egg-shaped, and could conceivably have been perfectly oval. The objects seemed definitely solid objects - there was nothing ethereal about them.

Speed of Objects; Source is confident they were traveling at least as fast as source's own plane (212 MPH). Source had a tail wind of 15 to 18 MPH and the objects would therefore have been doing over 230 MPH air speed. The objects were travelling south/southwest, opposite to source's course.

Calculating the speed of the objects, between different ways from the facts at hand, the speed of the objects varies between 190 to 260 MPH. Source concluded at the time of observation that he could not possibly have turned

UNCLASSIFIED

--- 

Please note that the text contains some illegible characters, which I've marked with "̣̣".