The image contains a text document. There are no photographs present in the image. Now, I will act as an OCR and output the text from the document:

```
Page 2 Incident 353

Name and address of observer:, Mr. [REDACTED], Vicksburg, Miss.

Occupation and hobbies;

carpenter

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

Appeared reliable

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

On 11 May 1949, the writer interviewed Mr. [REDACTED] at Vicksburg, Miss., who stated in substance that he sighted a flying triangle at approx. 0220 hours, central standard time, 25 April 1949, over the city of Vicksburg. When this object was sighted, it was within the city limits and approximately one and one-half (1-1/2) miles from the center of the city of Vicksburg. Baylor further stated that he was standing in front of [REDACTED] when he first noticed this object. Baylor stated that he could not locate the latitude on the map. Baylor only saw one object, and when this object was sighted, it was at about a forty-five (45) degree angle, going east, and was at a seemingly high altitude. Weather observer stated that he observed this object from a period of five (5) to ten (10) seconds.

Source described the color of the object as being milky looking, like a fluorescent light, but not quite as bright. Source described the object as being in the shape of a triangle with the two triangle angles being approx. four (4) ft in length and the single angle (1-1/2) or two (2) ft in width. Running down the outside edge of each side of the triangle was a row of lights. 

Source further stated that this object was headed due east in level flight and that there was no evidence of exhaust, nor was there any effect caused on the clouds by this object. All light appeared luminous, but slightly milky. This object appeared to be supported by fins, but there was no evidence of any kind of propulsion, nor did he sight any type of stabilizers or antenna on the object. Source stated that this object was travelling at a speed faster than commercial planes, no tail or trail planes, no buzz- when a jet type aircraft. This object did not make any sound. Source of disappearance of this object was that it "just disappeared" in a clear sky as though it traveled out of sight.
```