The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text presented in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS 

OBSERVATIONS OF ████████ and ████████

1. Date of Observation 10 September 1949 Date of Interview 18 October 1949

2. Exact time of observation (local) 1700 EST

3. Place of Observation Boston, New York
   (Map Coordinates) Taken from Detroit (V8) Sectional
   Longitude 79° 48' Latitude 43° 41'

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - give details)
   Observers were filling silo in a rural farming area near Hamburg, New York.
   Point of observation was approximately one thousand (1,000) feet above
   surrounding area, and clear of any visual obstructions.

5. What attracted attention to object!
   Observers were operating a machine filling the silo. While checking the
   outlet chute, observed "disc" passing overhead.

6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping
   One object.

7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or fist at arm's length)
   Size of object was comparable to an automobile hub-cap held at arms length.

8. Color of object
   Dull, light color, or similar to aircraft covering.

9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object)
   Object was comparable to an automobile hub-cap held at arms length.
   The diameter was about eight (8) inches. The observers could not give an
   estimate of the thickness but the object appeared to have a flat surface
   and not completely "ball shape".

10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - 00 at horizon, 90° overhead)
    The object passed at an angle of forty-five (45) degrees overhead from 
    point of observation, at an estimated altitude of five thousand (5,000) feet.

11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from North):
    When first seen? West
    When last seen? East

12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, bldg, etc., over which object appeared to be)
    Object appeared to pass over an area approximately one (1) mile from the 
    point of observation. (No towns, bldgs, etc., located near area)

13. Direction of Flight of object (□)
    Flight path of object was from due West to due East.

14. Time in sight
    The object was observed approximately ten (10) seconds.

UNCLASSIFIED?