The image provided is a textual document and does not contain any photographs. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This investigation predicated upon information received from Mr. [redacted], New York Life Insurance Company, [redacted], Albuquerque, New Mexico. [redacted] advised that at 1935 hours MST, on 4 December 1949, he had observed a green Fireball in the northeastern sky. It was visible for only two or three seconds and was the size of a marble at arms length.

2. This is a joint investigation conducted by S/A JAMES N. KERRICK and the writer.

3. On 5 December 1949, Mr. [redacted] Salesman, New York Life Insurance Company, 1309 Los Lunas Avenue, Albuquerque, New Mexico, was interviewed and the following information was obtained:

a. Time and date of lighting: 1935 hours MST, 4 December 1949.
b. Point of observation: 106° 30' 45" West
c. Number of objects: One (1)
d. What attracted observer's attention: The movement of the object.
e. Direction from observer: 400 from true North
f. Angle of elevation: Unknown
g. Distance from observer: 8 to 10 miles.
h. Time in sight: 2 to 3 seconds.
i. Color of object: green
j. Size of object: marble at arms length.
k. Shape of object: Round
l. Apparent construction: Unknown
m. Direction of Flight: Nearly horizontal, East to West.
n. Tactics or maneuvers: Slopping descent
o. Evidence, or trail or exhausts: None observed
p. Effects on clouds: ? clouds
q. Luminosity: Very bright
r. Projections and depressions: None
s. Means of propulsion or control and stability: Unknown
t. Speed of object (MPH): Unable to estimate.
u. Sound and odor: None
v. Manner of disappearance: Appeared to go out like a person blowing out a candle.

4. On 5 December 1949, the following information was received through [redacted] Security Operations, Atomic Energy Commission, [redacted], Los Alamos.

a. Time and date of lighting: 1935 hours MST, 4 December 1949.
b. Point of observation: 106° 20' West, 36° 6' North
c. Number of objects: One (1)
d. What attracted observer's attention: Movement of the object

UNCLASSIFIED

[There are several parts of the text that have been redacted and appear as [redacted] in the transcription.]