The image does not contain any photographs. It is a document with text only. Below is the text extracted from the document:

```
AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
25TH AIR DEFENSE DIVISION (DEF)
P.O. BOX 909, EVERETT, WASHINGTON

UNCLASSIFIED

OT 350.09                                                                        13 July 1949
SUBJECT: Project "SIGN"

TO:

Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
Attn: MCIAO-3

Commanding General
Continental Air Command
Mitchel Air Force Base, New York
Attn: Director of Intelligence

Chief of Staff
United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.
Attn: Dir of Intell, Requirements Div

Commanding General
Fourth Air Force
Hamilton Air Force Base
Hamilton, California
Attn: Director of Intelligence


In compliance with par. 1, ConAC Letter 200.1, 25 Mar 48, and
par. 5 and 6, Letter Fourth Air Force, file OT-350.09/2, dated 18 Feb
49, the following additional information, as relayed to this head-
quarters via the Portland Intelligence Office, Intelligence Division,
District, is submitted relative to subject matter contained in letter,
this headquarters, subject "Project "SIGN," file OT 350.09, dated
6 Jul 49:

"As requested by your investigator who called on us this
morning the enclosed sketch is forwarded to indicate the general
details of the sighting which occurred on the morning of July 3,
1949. This was observed by upward of 150 persons who were at
the Longview Airport getting ready for the JC Air Show. It was
viewed by our engineers, many pilots, police, prominent citizens,
etc. and is verified by all observers.

My experience in radio control of pilotless aircraft and
guided missiles for the Navy at NAMU during the war, and over 20
years of aircraft study does not permit my identification of
the objects which were seen. They definitely were not balloons,
birds, common aircraft, parachutes, stars, meteors, paper

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note, as OCR is not perfect, there may be minor inaccuracies in the transcription.