The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned textual document page. Below is the OCR transcription of the text from the document:

---

become deformed. Under very strong fields, the drop-
lets become drawn out into filaments and disrupt with
attendant electrical discharges along their surfaces
or through them.

It is probable that these phenomena occur along the
channel of a lightning stroke through a cloud, and that 
some evaporational and disruptive breakdown of droplets
occur in consequence of the intense heat and flow of 
electrical charges. These major effects on cloud or
precipitation particles are believed to be confined to
the lightning channel, although minor effects such as
glow or brush discharges from particles in other portions
of the cloud possibly occur in connection with the de-
velopment of lightning strokes. These discharges from
countless particles may yield a general illumination
within the cloud under strong electrical field condi-
tions, especially during propagation of lightning strokes.

Effects of "Ball lightning" on clouds are unknown. Since
"Ball lightning," if real, is presumably less severe
than an ordinary lightning stroke or its nucleus is probably
a dart streamer of such a stroke, we may assume that the
effects of "Ball lightning" on clouds are not more severe
than those outlined above in connection with lightning.

2. Increased Ionization

The formation of corona discharges at any point leads to
a considerable increase in ionization of the surrounding
air. Any case of so-called "ball lightning" which is
actually a corona discharge will have a similar effect.

Ordinary lightning strokes distribute heavy concentra-
tions of electrons and ions or charged nuclei along and
near their channels during the passage of the stepped
leader or dart leader. These particles form a space
charge surrounding the channel. After the leader reaches
the earth, the return stroke occurs to form to ground.
When this develops, the space charge tends to migrate 
rapidly to the channel, producing a rush of charges within
it. The flow of these charges in the channel yields the
brilliant, return lightning stroke. Within the channel
ionization is exceedingly heavy.

"Ball lightning" associated with a true lightning stroke
will probably involve a flow of space charges to its

---