The image provided is a black and white photocopy of a text document, and does not contain any photographs.

Here is the complete text from the document visible in the image:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

20D OSI 24-40

DETAILS:

1. This investigation, directed by the District Commander, was predicated upon letter from the Seattle Field Division, Federal Bureau of Investigation, dated 17 August 1949, file #105-0-0, which was set forth in information volunteered to that office by Mr. â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ, he had sighted four (4) objects which he believed to be flying discs.

AT SEATTLE, WASHINGTON

2. On 9 November 1949, Mr. â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ, a mail carrier, at â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ, Seattle, Washington, was interviewed at his home and stated in substance: On 15 August 1949, at approximately 1455 hours (Pacific Daylight Time) he had just stepped off a bus and was standing on the sidewalk along 19th Avenue Northeast about 100 feet from the corner of East 65th Street. As he was sorting a handful of mail, he became conscious of the sound of airplanes and raised his head to look for them. The planes making the noise could not be sighted, but as he was looking upward he spotted four objects through a break in the clouds. They were flying in a "V" formation with âœ–ğ—”ğ—•ğ—¢ğ—©ğ—˜âœ– and behind âœ–ğ—”ğ—œğ—¥âœ–. By this time the noise supposedly heard from conventional type aircraft could no longer be heard. The objects appeared at about a 40Â° angle of observation, above the horizon and were far away and very high. To him it âœ–ğ—”ğ—•ğ—¢ğ—©ğ—˜âœ– observed, the four objects about five seconds as they passed from view behind the clouds, reappeared and finally vanished behind a solid overcast. They were silver in color with a dark border; shaped like a flattened oval, having about a 3 to 1 ratio of length to thickness; large in size and apparently constructed of aluminum. The objects were flying end formation, straight and level in a northerly direction. There was no evidence of exhaust, no "Effect" on clouds, no light other than the reflection of the sun on the objects, and no apparent support or propulsion. No sound was heard, and could only judge their speed as very fast. Mr. â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ has worked for the United States Post Office Department for many years and is presently working out of the University Branch Post Office in Seattle. During the First World War he was an aviation Machinist in the United States Navy. He likes to hunt and fish, spending most of his free time outdoors. At the time of sighting the objects, he was completing an exceptionally easy work day and was not fatigued or under any strain. The only person in the vicinity of the sighting was Miss â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ of Northeast, Seattle, Washington, who, although having her attention called to the objects, was unable to see anything. Mr. â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ stated that the four objects could have been airplanes, as they were a considerable distance from him.

AGENTS NOTE:
Mr. â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ was quick to admit that the four objects could have been airplanes and that he is not familiar with the new types of jet air- craft. Prior to sighting the objects, that he

UNCL ANS
```

Please note that some text is obscured due to redaction (blacked out sections), and symbols (e.g. âœ–ğ—”ğ—•ğ—¢ğ—©ğ—˜âœ–) are used to represent these redacted portions.