There is no photograph in the image provided. Here is the text present in the document:

---

Case file #24-26
DO #20, McChord AFB

9. On 10 June 49, Boise Municipal Air Terminal Weather Station was contacted
and a review of their records revealed that at 1120 hours, Mountain Time, 11 May 49,
weather was reported to be as follows: Sky, 30,000 thin, scattered; visbility 30 miles; sea level pressure, 1015.1 millibars; temperature 82; dewpoint 42; wind,
Southeast, 5 mph; altimeter, 29.91; Cumulonimbus clouds Southwest of station; by
ten 1028 and 1128 hours, Mountain Time, there were no conditions that required any
special observation to be made or recorded.

9. On 10 June 49, a schedule of commercial traffic revealed that United Air
Lines had a scheduled commercial trip from Pendleton, Oregon, to Reno, Nevada, via
Boise, Idaho, due in Boise at 1135 hours, Mountain Time. This flight would probably
not have been in the line of sight of [redacted] since the airway would have
been to the Southeast of the position from which [redacted] the flying objects.
United Air Lines also had a scheduled flight from Portland, Oregon, to Boise, Idaho,
due in Boise at 1205 hours, Mountain Time. Empire Air Lines had one commercial
flight departing Boise at 1202 hours, Mountain Time, via Idaho Falls, Idaho. It
was further determined that there were intermittent student flights from three local
airports. No flights, however, were reported to have been in the vicinity where
the objects were viewed by [redacted]

10. On 10 June 49, the following law enforcement agencies in Boise, Idaho,
were contacted for any leads or additional developments in this case and for any
type of criminal record on [redacted] with negative results: The Federal
Bureau of Investigation, Sheriff's Office, Police Department, and Idaho State
Patrol. It was revealed, however, by [redacted] above referred to, had
turned over to the [redacted] extensive investigation, the results of which were turned over to the
Air Force and are believed to be part of an investigation conducted by Headquarters
Fourth Air Force, Hamilton AFB.

AT LEWISTON, IDAHO:

11. On 11 June 49, [redacted] Lewiston Tribune, Lewiston, Idaho,
was contacted and interviewed. [redacted] the exact time of his observation
of the unidentified aerial objects was 19 May 49, approximately between 1100 and
1119 hours, Mountain Time. The place of observation was approximately ten miles
east of Caldwell, Idaho, on U. S. Highway 20. [redacted] that he was travelling
by automobile, heading directly East toward Boise, Idaho, when the objects were ob-
served to his left in the vicinity of Shafer Butte. [redacted] on Joel Scott Look-
City World Aeronautical Map No. 505 as being 045o true and 028o magnetic North of
Shafer Butte. Altitude of Shafer Butte, as listed, is 7,591 feet and the distance
from Highway 20 to Shafer Butte is approximately 18 airline miles. [redacted] 
the place of observation as reported by [redacted]. (see par. 4, supra).

12. [redacted] further stated that he was first attracted by a silvery object
in the Western sky over Shafer Butte and that this object disappeared and there im-
mediately appeared five other object-flying in "V" formation. The objects ap-
peared to be in a low spiral left-down, circling to the left. Each of the objects
appeared to be as large or larger than a B-29 aircraft [redacted] that they
were not small, but appeared to be large, lumbering objects. The objects could be
compared to the size of a silver dollar at a distance of about ten miles. [redacted]

UNCENSORED

UNCLASSIFIED

---