The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a text document.

Here is the text from the document:

```
593/111

                   97th BOMBARDMENT SQUADRON H
               Office of the Intelligence Officer
                         Carswell Air Force Base
                         Fort Worth, Texas

                                                  UNCLASSIFIED

                                                 13 July 1949

                                       STATEMENT

      On the 7 July 1949 at 1350 hours, I saw an unidentifiable object from 
a position on the control stabilizer of a B-36. I was assisting in the 
installation of a horizontal stab trim tank and for the position that I 
was in it was necessary for me to look skyward for a period of ten or fif-
teen minutes. I feel that I would never have seen the object had I not
been in such a position. In the first saw the object, I thought that my
eyes were blurred or that I was seeing a reflection, therefore I closed my
eyes and opened them again, and the object was still present.

      The object was flying South to North at approximately 300 MPH, and
appeared to be approximately 3 inches in diameter. I was unable to judge
either the size or the altitude of the object with any accuracy. I feel
certain that this object was not a balloon, as it was flying in a horizon-
tal plane and the speed was too great, although it did resemble a child's
soap bubble, being spherical in shape and semi-transparent, silver in
color. There was no sound or exhaust trail. Visibility at the time of 
sighting the object was good, there being scattered cumulus only.

      I certify that the above statement is true and correct to the best
of my knowledge:

                                                [Signature]
                                                GIFFORD SCHOEFFLER
                                                1st. Lt., U.S.A.F

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DoD Dir. 5200.10

                                                  UNCLASSIFIED

Ltr. dtd.  (illegible text)
```