There are no photographs present in this document image.

Here is the text content from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

ARMY AIR FORCES
AIRWAYS AND AIR COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE, ATC
HEADQUARTERS 1905TH AACS SQUADRON
McChord AF Base, Washington

16 August 1949

350.09

SUBJECT: Report of Sighting of "Flying Discs"

TO: Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright Patterson AF Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: TSDIX

1. The following information received from the non-commissioned
Officer in Charge, Detachment 1905-1, 1905th AACS Squadron, Medford Muni-
cipal Airfield, Medford, Oregon, is submitted in accordance with USAF
Letter, subject "Reporting of Information on "Flying Discs" dated 6 Febru-
ary 1948.

2. At approximately 1130P, 8 Aug 49, a shiny object was seen in the
sky by a member of this Detachment and reported to the writer. Almost im-
mediately thereafter, another such object was sighted, and the Control To-
wer was requested to locate and attempt to identify the objects, since the
altitude was too great for accurate observation without the aid of binocu-
lars. The Control Tower operator on duty
(sato the Assistant Control Operator and Nochord Field Service that he, reported to
the Seattle Air Traffic Control and McChord Flight Service, apparently seen thro-
(3) silver-colored objects at an undetermined altitude, having with con-
ventional wings, going "very fast". An informal conversation with the com-
pan revealed that the objects sighted appeared to be moving at a speed conm-
prable to or greater than that of standard jet aircraft, and an unofficial
altitude estimate of thirty thousand (30.000) feet. No accurate altitude
estimate could be obtained, due to the absence of clouds to form a basis
for such an estimate. However, a United Air Lines DC-4 in the vicinity at
seventeen thousand (17,000) feet reported to the Tower that he was unable
to see any strange objects; therefore, presumably the objects can be defi-
nitely determined to have been above that height. Further investigation
by means of aircraft proved fruitless, since the objects were not seen
again for some time prior to their arrival. Numbers of reports were re-
ceived of a sighting after it was generally known that some strange objects
had been seen; but it is believed that those sightings were balls of thist-
le prevalent in the area at the time."

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

ENCLOSURE

419
---