The image does not contain any photographs; it is a page of text from a document. I will proceed to output the text as an OCR would:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

apparently be excessively high, since the aspect ratio of a cir-
cular planform is only 1.27. Extension of the Prandtl theory,
has also shown that the maximum possible lift coefficient to be
expected from such low aspect ratio platforms should also be 
poor. In addition, the relatively large mean aerodynamic chord
would present difficult design problems, to achieve static longit-
udinal stability for aircraft sections having a significant center-
of-pressure travel, or for foil sections of some filled "camber"
type, when equipped with ailerons at the trailing edge.

In the very low aspect ratio range, the Prandtl theory is
probably very inaccurate. Wind-tunnel tests of very low aspect
ratio airfoils indicate much less induced drag increases than ex-
pected from theory and also demonstrate very high maximum lift
coefficient accompanied by extremely high stalling angles. How-
ever, in general the induced drag of very low aspect ratio wings
is much larger than the induced drag of conventional aircraft
wings, a condition which would adversely affect all performance
values in flight conditions which require medium and high lift
coefficients. Thus, performance in climb, at altitude, and for
long-range conditions would be relatively poor, although high
speed would be little affected.

Notwithstanding the predicated aerodynamic disadvantages of 
circular planform wings, quite a number of experimental efforts
have been made to use this configuration on and move at temps
by persons important or aerodynamic fundamentals. Experimental
wind-tunnel work at the NACA (1933) showed both maximum lift co-
efficients and stall characteristics much more favorable than
could be anticipated.

The problem of static longitudinal stability could possibly
be solved by the use of a stable airfoil section of the reflexed,
trailing edge type with wing tip ailerons (perhaps floating) aero-
dynamically independent of the wing.

At supersonic speeds, where the induced drag is small,
the circular planform offers the probability of reduced drag,
characteristic of low aspect ratio airfoils in the supersonic
range. Also the circular planform presents a swept-back leading
edge (of variable sweep angle the span), which should result in
a reduced effective Mach Number, with attendant reduced drag for
a certain supersonic speed range.

No definite information has been received on the method of
propulsion used on flying disks which have been sighted. However,
because of distance factors involved in the sightings it is quite
possible that other propulsions or Jet propulsion could have been
employed without being noted by the observer.

Flying Fuselages (Torpedo or Cigar-Shaped Body)

While the cigar or torpedo-shaped body represents an efficient
form for the fuselage of an airplane or the body of a guided missile,
     
     - 7 -                                     S-11750
UNCLASSIFIED
```