There is no photograph present in the provided image.

Here is the text from the document:

---

"THE STATE" Newspaper
Columbia, S. Carolina
30 December 1949

Mystery Object Seen Streaking Through Two Carolinas’ Skies; Columbian Is One of Observers

Hamlet, N. C., Dec. 29—(AP)—A strange line on a map, extending 200 miles across the Carolinas, to- day marked the mysterious travel of a strange flying object.
The object first was seen at Fayetteville, the site of an air force base, at about 4:30 p. m. (CST) yes- terday. Within a half-hour, scores of residents in Hamlet, Cheraw, Field, S. C, and Greenwood, S. C., reported sighting it on its eerie flight through the Western sky.
There was no explanation today of what the thing could have been. But observers attached significance to the fact that its path was straight for 200 miles. They noted also that after its 4:30 p. m. appearance at Fayetteville it was seen at Hamlet, 45 miles away, a few minutes later and at Greenwood, more than 150 miles away, shortly after 5 p. m.
William ("Billy") Shields, di- rector of the city tree depart- ment in Columbia, representing the object while hunting near Greenwood Wednesday at about 5:30 p. m. Mr. Shields re- ported the object looked like a "fluorescent light bulb." He said he watched it for at least 10 minutes while it hovered in one spot and then shot off through the sky at a terrific rate of speed.
"I thought I heard something this until I. I was that other people had seen the object also," Shields said. He said others were with him on the hunt and saw the object with him.
Descriptions of the flying object varied. At Fayetteville, it looked like a vertical neon light tube. At Hamlet it appeared to be a "Greenwood, a pilot who chased it in a light plane said it looked like a smoke trail coming from an unseen plane.
Ground observers at all four cities spoke of it "drifting in the direction of the setting sun. They said they were able to follow its southwest flight for ten min- utes or more. But for pilots who rose in light planes at Hamlet and Greenwood were unable to catch up with it.
Witnesses who saw the strange object included business and pro- fessional men, housewives, a city (object] turned up its end the mayor of Greenwood, A. H. Woodle.
One of the pilots, Philip Gibbons, a former air force pilot, said that when his plane approached the ob- ject, it moved into the glare of the evening sun. He was unable to re- gain sight of it.
Reports of the strange flight re- counted the numerous stories flying saucers since the war. Gibbons, the Hamlet pilot, said that the object definitely was not shaped like a saucer. The air force reported only this week that there are not nay "flying saucers” and that it has ended its special, two- year investigation of reports of them.

FAO 13 James C. Baker SAC E. G. FAVORS

--- 

Please note the original text contained some cutoffs and broken lines, which I've tried to preserve in the transcription.