The image appears to be a typed document and does not contain any photographs. Here is the text as it appears in the document:

UNCLASSI---
THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO
ALBUQUERQUE

February 21, 1949

To: Lt Colonel Loyie Ross, Commanding Officer
District No. 17
Office of Special Investigations

From: Lincoln LaPaz, Director
Institute of Meteoritics

Subject: Anomalous Luminous Phenomena (this report)

1. Several additional sightings of unexplained aerial light pheno-
mena have occurred since the writer's report in this series was prepared.
Outstanding among the as yet undescribed incidents was the reen fire-
ball of Sunday evening, January 30, 1949, 5:54 p.m., MST. Within less
than one minute after the appearance of the fireball, an eyewitness (RV-
was called to report the impression of a group of persons who saw
the fireball through a south window while seated about the dinner table
in a brightly lighted room. Within twelve hours after the fireball ap-
peared, more than 100 eyewitness accounts had been phoned or written
in to the Institute of Meteoritics, or had been obtained by its director
through personal interviews. Virtually 100 per cent of these reports
were from military personnel, as crews either preparing for Post Theaters
to open, from guards and other special agents already alerted to monitor
for anomalous luminous phenomena and from airplane pilots, control tower
men and civilian workers working on the late afternoon to midnight shift.

2. On February 1st, a staff car was placed at the writer's disposal
by command Major of the Fourth Army and a filed survey was begun
of the region in New Mexico and Texas in which the majority of the ob-
servations reporting the fell included. This survey, carried out whenever weather conditions permitted visits to the following localities
Moriarty, Estancia, Vaughn, Ramon, Mesa, Roswell, Caprock, Tatum and other
towns in New Mexico) and Lamesa, Seminold, Plains, Lubbock, Muleshoe and
other towns in Texas. (Several of these towns were visited two or more
times). At Roswell, where very effective cooperation was provided by the
Civil Air Patrol Mr. Kayser, Base Ingram at Fall flown, and the local C.A.P. unit
under Lt. V. T. Castner. Special agents All Tate; TS was added to the survey
party and was moved with it later north. At Lamesa, Texas, the ground sur-
vey party was joined by an observer, Petty Constantine V. Dicor Jr. On February
11, 1949, Captain Melvin. C. Neel and Special agent Jack L. Rolling,
from the 17th District OSI Office at Kirtland Field, and Corporal Cobarr.

Note: The reproduction of the text is as faithful as possible to the original document, including line breaks, hyphenations, and any potential typographical errors or oddities.