The image provided appears to contain a segment of typed text of a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a series of systematic studies of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force. There are no identifiable photographs contained in this particular section of the page. However, there are two small, dark, circular marks; one at the top left corner which seems to be a hole punch, and the other on the left side which might be a marker or blemish on the document.

Now acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, here's the transcribed text from the document:

---

200 feet, and let calculated mass be plotted versus assumed size. The non-
linear character of the curve should indicate an approximate upper limit to
the size of the object.

If in addition, it is assumed that the flutter is due to aerodynamic
forces, it is possible that more precise information could be obtained.

The required angular data can probably be extracted from witnesses
most reliably by the use of a demonstration model which can be made to
oscillate or flutter to a known way.

SUMMARY. PART 2, SECTIO A.
Geophysical oscillographs alone ont not yield the size of objects ob-
served from a single station; such observation, together with the as-
sumption that the objects are essentially aircraft, can be used to set
reasonable limits of size.

PART II, SECTION 5. THE POSSIBILITY OF SUPPORTING AND PROPELLING A SOLID
OBJECT BY MATERIAL MEANS.

Since some observers have obviously colored their reports with talk
of rays, jets, beams, space-ships, and the like, it is well to examine
what possibilities exist along these lines. This is also important in
view of the conclusions of PART II, SECTION 4 of this report.

PROPELLING. Propulsion and support by means of "rays" or "beams".
By "rays" or "beams" are meant either purely electromagnetic radiation
or also radiation which is largely corpuscular like cathode-rays or cosmir-
rays or cyclotron-beams.

Now it is obvious that any device propelled or supported by such means
is fundamentally a reaction device. It is fundamental in the theory of such
devices that a given amount of energy is most efficiently spent if the momen-
tum thrown back or down is large. This means that a large mass should

--- 

Please note that the text may not be complete due to the cut-off at the edges of the scanned page.