There is no photograph present in the image you have provided. It appears to be a typed document. As per your request, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and reproduce the text from the document.

```plaintext
Engineering Division
Memorandum Report No. IRXEDX-69[BLANK]15D
25 April 1949

UNCLASSIFIED

persons at Fort Knox and other towns in Kentucky a few hours earlier. 
All saw it in the southwest and many thought it was only a few miles 
away. The Commanding Officer at Goodman Field observed it for 
1 1/2 hours, (beginning at 1445). During this time it seemingly 
remained stationary. It was "chased" by four National Guard pilots,
one of whom crashed after having been up to 20,000 feet. It was also
reported by persons in Lexington, Madisonville, and Elizabethtown.

The significant fact that emerges from these reports again is the 
inability to estimate distance. It appears possible that persons
over parts of Kentucky and Ohio may have seen the same astronomical
phenomena which was a great many miles away. Nevertheless each believed
it to be relatively near his own location.

Incident No. 172.

A National Guard Pilot returning to Fargo, North Dakota, in a F-51
at approximately 2100 hours saw a small light in the air below him.
He was then in the traffic pattern. He dived on the light. The light
gained altitude. The pilot "chased" it up to 14,000 feet, making
various passes at it and attempts to ram it as he climbed. He finally
stalled out. 

Several inferences can be drawn from the several reports about this
incident. In the first place, when it is night, and a pilot is turning,
so steeply, and going such violent aerobatics, that he sometimes
blacks out, as was the case here, it would be very difficult if not
impossible to judge at the same time what another object was doing. In
the second place, if the pilot kept his eye intently on the object, as
also was the case here, he would have great difficulty in knowing and
reporting later what he himself was doing. The situation is very conducive
to loss of orientation. In other words, it is impossible to infer
[BLANK]

UNCLASSIFIED
```

The blank spaces I've indicated within brackets represent areas where the text is not fully visible or clear due to the quality of the image, as well as sections intentionally redacted in the original document.