There are no photographs in the image. It is an image of a document with text, and what seems to be a redacted or obscured portion at the top right corner. The text is as follows:

```
Copy of Newspaper Article                 UNCLASSIFIED

                                                ODD PLANE TEST NEARS

FORT CHESTER, N. Y. -- A new type airplane, designed to rise ver-
tically from the ground and remain virtually motionless at any place
the pilot chooses, he3 been built by two inventors from France work-
ing secretly in a secluded barn near Ridge Street here. Work on the
odd craft, which has no wings, has been completed and a test flight
is planned soon.

The plane looks like six ferris wheels clustered around an
engine and mounted on a lightweight automobile chassis. In a preview
to visitors who hurdled a high barbed wire fence on which were
posted signs to keep away, the inventors reluctantly demonstrated
how the.huge wheels would turn at a speed of 200 revolutions a minute
and perhaps lift the plane skyward. By shifting a lever, the plane
would move forward, backward or sideways, the inventors said.

The "ferris wheels" extended from the engine in every direction
and attached to each are three blades to serve as dippers in the air.
With each downward thrust they are expected to lift the plane. As the
blades pass upward their pitch is changed to cause them to slip through
the air. Bicycle chains serve to transmit power. In a brief test, the
inventors said, they had to struggle to hold the plane on the ground.

The craft is about 20 feet high and 25 feet wide and long. It is
made of wood, steel, aluminum and canvas. The power plant is a 98-
horsepower Wright engine.

Mr. Ivan Zandt, one of the inventors, said he received the in-
spiration 12 years ago while watching a ferris wheel in Paris, where he
was a manufacturer. Louis Chequet, the other inventor, became inter-
ested later.

Mr. Van Zandt said a miniature model of the plane was demonstrated
in Washington. The advantages of his craft would be many, he contended.
Farmers could fly at low levels and spray their crops, he explained.
Motion picture camera men could remain motionless over a scene and
ordinary citizens could go on Sunday jaunts at altitudes of 10 to 100
feet.

Mr. Chequet was born in France and Mr. Van Zandt has lived there
most of his life although he is an American citizen. They came to this
country about four years ago to file patents on their inventions and
to build the plane. The work was begun at Richmond Hill, Queens, and
was transferred to Port Chester six months ago.

                                      UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that the text "he3" seems to be a typographical error and likely should read as "has."