The image you've provided is a scanned document page. There is no photograph present, only text.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
Page 2                                 Incident 332

Name and address of observer: [Redacted], Gallup, New Mexico

Occupation and hobbies; Truck Driver with T[r]y Express

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

Considered reliable, but ability to observe averages fair.

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

At 5445 P.M. on 23 April 1949, I sighted an object NE of Tucson, Arizona
at an angle of 75 degrees from the horizontal and at an altitude of about 25,000
to 30,000 feet. I noticed this object while standing in front of the Circle K.
Ranch near the corner of East Hadlock and North Campbell Ave., at 2215 East Hadlock
Drive. It first appeared like one of the bright, white stars on the objects which
showed a brilliant silvery color. Then I sighted this object, it was trav-
eling in a south-easterly direction, and finally curved to the southwest and disappeared
from view. I observed it for about 10 minutes.

This object was cigar shaped with rounded ends. had no tail assembly or wings
that I could see. It seemed to be rotating as it traveled. I would also say it was
traveling at a high rate of speed. There were no clouds, and the sky was very clear.
toward the front of the object, I noted two regular holes which looked just like
eyes from that distance.

I did not hear any noise or notice any exhaust or vapor trails.

From its altitude, I would say it would be as large as a B-29.

I was in company with two other men. One man's name was [Redacted] and the other
man was called [Redacted].

I called Davis-Monthan AFB and talked to the S.O.D. who was on duty that
evening.
```

This text appears to be an individual's account of sighting an unidentified flying object (UFO). The name and address of the observer, as well as the names of the two other men who were present, have been redacted. The observer describes the object's appearance, movement, and the conditions under which it was observed.