The image does not contain a photograph, but it is a scanned document text.

Here is the text from the document:

```
(AF FORM 112—PART I)
(APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948)
(CLASSIFICATION)
UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT NO.
(LEAVE BLANK)
COUNTRY

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT Unconventional Aircraft
AREA NEAR Moses lake Air Force Base, Wash.
DATE OF REPORT June 1949
DATE OF INFORMATION 1949
FROM (AGENCY) 637th AC/W Sq, 505th AC/W gp.
EVALUATION Source
REPORTED BY (Origin) Artxs, Mayne K
PREPARED BY (Origin) Francois J. Wherrill, Cpt., Dir of Intel| Moses Lake AFB, Wash
REFERENCES (Continue source, directive, previous report, etc., as applicable)

SUMMARY: (Brief conclusive summary of Report. Give significance if not outlined in narrative paragraphs. List enclosures as letter list. Briefly list report of AF Form 112—(Parts I-IV)

Following is copy of report received at this headquarters 31 May 1949, from
637th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron, 505th Aircraft Control and Wrrning
Group, Moses lake Air Force Base, Washington.

31 MAY Project "HIGH".
1. At 1530 a call was recioved from the Hanford Area (Concrete) t...
flying boomer over the site, and are approximately four miles east, b...:
"Warden": "We have something 20000 feet over Hanford and moving to the
was standing still and then took off in a southeastern direction at a spee...
greater than that of a jet fighter. The available aircraft were sent to the-
control operator and the aircraft was scrambled... the Hanford operator follow the
aircraft into their prohibited area (authorized coming from the Assistant chief
of the Air Technical and from Headquarters, Continental Air Comman). The
southern sector with no results. Crew personnel ad the controller sonar-- -
say, visually, and noted a round, white or silver object traveling in a northeasterly
direction at a speed greater than that of a jet fighter at approximately
10,000 to 15,000 feet. The bad waer condition was then noticed to see if any
weather balloons were sent up and they reported in the negative. We we-e...:
section entered they do not utilie weather balloons. At 1642, antoher c...:
radar plot said that it was tracked and releas-ton to look for visual but tr...:
no. 21 AC&W was being tracked to the west-northwest sector. The radar un...:
and the ADC instructed the controller to intercept in hopes that it mi...: -
this time target 2 faded in radar contact just after (Approximately 5 minutes) ge
trude 2 was airborne. The controller was able to for two vectors before track 21
fade. The vector was about at approximately 15000 feet over the bull's-eye of Ot
the fighter was loopable while on trak and was placed on a constant vector. The
paper in their area (in this vicinity of waterlak mountains). ie Hanford oper-
ator described the papers as being approximately 6 inches square and on one side
and green on the other. The flyer was the sent to the vicinity of the contro-
area nortwest to examine the air for the papers, and also to see if the identi-
the radar observations of one maching on the same heading an altitude with no-
radar coverage), with no results. The Hanford operator again observed the F-82 into
the prohibited area and indicated that in the hoise, was takin off in an attempt
to pproach (it) stated further that a weapons carrier had been dispatched to the
paperh (plane) drop area and no papers had been found. The F-82 which vectored
the Lualcomber river gorge to examine the tone to follow in the paper was advis,
At approximately 1528 a call was received from the Hanford operator that the papers
dropped were advertisements for a rodeo at Richland. The rodeo is an Air Rodeo.
The Hanford operator indicated that the parTicipants did fall into the prohibited area
and were dropped by one of the aircraft participating in the Air Rodeo. The air-
craft that was dropping the paraphlets was a P-51 piloted by Don Kite of the Atomic
 
DISTRIBUTION:
HQ ORGANIZ ATIC Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio
1 ey DI, ig USAF, Washinton, D.C.
1 cy C, conAC, Itchel AFB, N. Y.
1 cy CAM AF
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

Please note that some sections of the text are incomplete due to cut-off words at the edge of the page.