The image provided is a black and white scanned document with text. There are no photographs on this page. The text is as follows:

---
Incident No. ________

Page 4
Guide to Investigation

5.  Local flight schedules of commercial, private and military aircraft flying in vicinity at the time!
    (Check Canadian activity if close to border)

    Unknown. B-29(believed to be from All Weather Group) Flying from NE to SW and object was to rear of this travelling from NW to NW at 90° angle to plane.

4.  Possible releases of testing devices in vicinity sent aloft by Ordanance [Ordinance] Nev;, Air Force, Army, Meteor Units, Research Organizations or any other.

    None reported by Signal Corps Engineering Laboratories, Lakehurst Naval Station, or Watson Laboratories.
    
    (See Note below)

5.  If object contacted earth, obtain soil sam-;s within and without depression or spot where object land'd for purposes of making comparison of soils.

    Did not apply.

6.  Obtain photographs (or original negatives) w0re available; if not, secure sketches of:

    a.  Object
    b.  Surrounding terrain where object was obs:rvd
    c.  Place where object contact'd earth (if this happened)
    d.  Maneuvers
    e.  Formation (if more than two)

7.  Secure signed statements.  See report dated 18 Mar 49, Subj: Aerial Phenomena.

8.  Obtain fragments or physical evidence where possible.

    Does not apply.

NOTE: Evans Signal Laboratory (U. S. Signal Corps) located at Belmar, New Jersey, approximately 11 miles South and to the West of Watson Laboratories, reported that on 4 Mar 49, the Metereological Division made a test balloon flight which lasted from 1352 to 1432 at 54,000 feet.  At the time, the prevailing wind was in a general Westerly direction.  This flight would be ll - 12 miles South of Watson Laboratories and the direction of the test balloon would be to the East.  The unidentified phenomena mentioned in this report was first seen coming from a NNE direction and disappearing in a NNW and was many miles North of this point of observation and it is remote that this phenomena was identified with the balloon flight mentioned above.

UNCLASSIFIED
---

The document appears to be a guide or form used for the investigation of unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings, including steps for investigating aircraft activity, contacting the earth, obtaining photographic evidence or sketches, securing statements, and obtaining physical evidence. The note provides specific information about a test balloon flight that could possibly explain the sighting being investigated. The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the bottom.