There is no photograph present in the image provided. It is a page with text. Here is the text as requested, presented as OCR output:

---
clouds, stratosphere would obscure a stationary, if some space
travel. Their arrival Sol:ar system would pose problems
that they over be ignored.

In the next few paragraphs, we speak of Mars. It should
be unmentioned t at must of the remarks apply equally well to
Venus.

Various people have suggested that a diamond race may have
been visiting Earth of at Mars or Venus y intervals from ideal
to caves. Representations, 'hings of the sky therefore have been handed
down through generations. If this yup time, a sage of such
knowledge and power would have established some form of direct
contact. They could go sight Earth's inhabitants would be hap-
less to do intentionally harm. If afraid or carrying diseases
home, they would at least try to communicate to ideal here,
by all at any such lest attempt to signals. It is hard to
count its ability for mysterious rays and then simply go away,
flight is writer, for him ranged space travel peculiar
advanced engineers and so my fiction, and is we to thinking.
It is not classifiable as science terms do) m other space
ships with two sides. Furthermore, a would which had mucu-
ficulty to exercise on the planet, as Mars or Venus, send itself to follow more. A even more would laughably.

One other hypothesis needs be discussed. It is that the
Martians a kept a long-term routine watch Earth and have
been alarmed by the which our as stars as earlier that
is an invited and the threshold space travel. Venus
is or similar here because the cold climate atmosphere were
such a survey impossible. race flying objects old make
sight in the Spring of 1947, after a total 5 atomic bomb ex-
plosions, I.e., Almondo, Hiroshima, Nagasaki, Crossroads A
ni Crossroads B, or those, the first two were its posters of
an green crossings, the third was red doubtful (at the time to
the of its radioactivity) any the last two were on the wrong
target so Earth. It is likely that years astronomers, with
other atmosphere, could build telescopes simply enough to see
a-bombs explosions Earth, even though were 156 and 153
million miles away, respectively, on the Almondo and Hiro-
shima dates. The weakest point the hypothesis that a
continual, defensive stash or Earth by per year, is one the
tremendous tensile strength would collisions. We
that a remarkably assembled Man would undertake it, we
haven't even considered the idea Venus or Mars, for example.

The substance of this discussion is that if Martians
are now visiting us without contact, it can be assumed that
they have just recently succeeded in space travel and
their civilization would be practically abreast ours.

29
---