There are no photographs present in the image provided. It is a page of text from a document.

Here is the output of all text found in the document:

----

UNCLASSIFIED

File 24-9

Great heights. The geographical coordinates of the observers' pos-
itions are as follows: 44° 31' 33" North latitude and 121° 18' 10"
West longitude.

3. xxxx, Oregon,
manager of the xxxx located in the O'Donnell Bldg., 
931 Wall Street, Bend, Oregon, was interviewed at her office and stated
in substance as follows: she first sighted Object #1 at approximately
1130 hours, on 24 March 1949 while walking in the 100 block of Oregon
Avenue. The object was described as being white in color, of no definite
size, shape, but no longer than 50 feet. The size of the object was consid-
erably smaller than a dime held at arm's length. There was no visible
indication of speed, but the object seemed to be deriving lazily on a
South Southwest heading. The object appeared to be revolving, or turn-
ing over, with no audible sound nor visible exhaust trail.
Had no idea of the height of the object above terrain. Object #1 was
first sighted 45° above the horizon, just from the observer's position,
but appeared to be at ten o'clock clockwise from North.
Business at a local bank, and up on her return outdoors after a lapse
of approximately ten minutes, she sighted Object #2 directly overhead,
just as she realized in town during her trip to her office on the
ground floor of the O'Donnell Building, at which time she proceeded to
the porch on the rear of the building and again sighted Object #2. She
watched the object until her view was cut off by trees. Position of 
the object at this time was 60° above the horizon at eight o'clock
clockwise from North. Object #2 was described as being the same as
Object #1 with the exception of the maneuverability, which was said
to be a slight fluttering and not the revolving action associated with
Object #1. A slight hissing sound was heard inadvertently by the object.
were paper as the sun reflected from their surfaces as they flattered,
or revolved. She does not attribute the hiss nor rotation, or movement,
was motivated by any force.
The geographical coordinates in regard to her position
at the time of sighting were 44° 31' 33" North latitude and 121° 18' 10"
West longitude.

4. xxxx xxxx Bend, Oregon, was
interviewed at his place of employment, the xxxx
in xxxx Bend, Oregon, and stated in substance as follows: xxxx
was in the rear of the xxxx on 24 March 1949 at 1215 hours, from
the rear of the O'Donnell Building while he was on the loading platform
in the rear of the Shop. The time was approximately 1215 hours; the
weather was clear with patches of cirrus clouds at great heights. The
only object sighted (believed to be PB1 at 2) was of no definite shape,
but of a size comparable to an object one quarter inch in diameter held

UNCLASSIFIED

----