The image provided does not contain a photograph, but appears to be a scanned document. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

```
COPY

Guntown, Miss.
Nov 3, 49

Technical Intelligence Division
Air Materiel Command Headquarters
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen

On Oct 27, about 12:30 o'clock P.M. I was in my yard when I happened
to look up and saw something in the sky coming from the North. There were
two of them—each one of them was two oval shaped objects. The ovals were
fastened together with a fastener that seemed to be flexible. They were
high and going fast. They shined brightly like net aluminum would in the
sunlight. The fastener shined like the oval objects. I could see the
fastener bag between the ovals when they changed position. They would
fly. One oval over the other one a few seconds with the fastener in a
vertical position between the crimnis. Then they would change again. The
fastener would be in a horizontal position. The ovals appeared to be
about one foot in size to me. The fastener seemed to be about one inch
wide.

I could see them plainly as it was clear and bright in the north,
east, and south that day.

They made no sound. I had been looking at them a minute or two
when one of them seemed to jar or jerb then it vanished the other one
went on south. In a minute, or a half minute something resembling
pieces of ashes came down. It was drifting lightly in the wind, it
seemed to be lighter in weight than ashes from the way it floated in
the wind. It was a whitish color. It was coming from the north towards
the south;some of the pieces were half as large as a feather. Most of
them were much smaller. I saw one piece six or seven inches long, I
started to get the large piece. It was about ten feet high it looked
like it would come on down in a minute. I was following the large
piece intending to get it when it came down. I happened to look towards
my barn which was north of where I was standing. The e was something
like spider web coming down. It was coming from the north. They
were coming down fast and think they were catching on the leaves of the
trees. Thereon Places were thick with them. There were millions of
them, the air seemed to be full of them. Single strands shining in the
sunlight. They had a Golden tint. There were some pieces that seemed
to be large pieces of spider web that had tangleed together. Some of the
pieces had a long tail of single strands with heavy pieces at one end.
Theheavy end would lift the piece up, and let it down. It seemed to be
controlling it.

The large pieces were gray-white, like common spider web. They
seemed to be much lighter in weight from the way they floated in the
wind. Some of the pieces were fairly large to stay up like they did.

In about ten minutes I saw another oval coming from the east. It
was a single oval. It was only an ovel shaped object. It was going

COPY
```

The text is a personal account of a UFO sighting, including descriptions of objects in the sky and peculiar debris resembling spider web falling down afterwards.