The image you provided shows a page from an old document, but it does not contain any photographs. There is only text, which appears to be a scanned copy of the original document. The content of the page is as follows:

```
BASIC: Ltr, 43rd Air Refueling Squadron ( ), D-r A-- J. D-tdij, Mason 5th,
Subj: Report of Information Pertai. t- to Flying Object

f. Object sighted:

(1) Number one (1)

(2) Shape: Rounded, with no fins or flat surfaces, about 20
to 30 feet wide and 80 to 100 feet long or cigar-shaped.

(3) Size: about 6 the size of a B-29 and at a distance of that
time.

(4) Color: silver

(5) Speed: two (2) times the speed of a B-29 aircraft, estimated
(estimated speed 500 mph)

(6) Heading: hovered for 5 - 10 minutes then turned into
north-northeast.

(7) Maneuverability: appeared to circle slowly with a 2
mile radius, object seemed to be under full control
while hovering.

(8) Altitude: 4,000 - 15,000 feet. Object climbed in area (sic)
circle 15,000 feet altitude.

(9) Sound: none heard

(10) Exhaust trail or mist: none

3. General Comments:

A. Summary of the investigation of witnesses [illegible]
tion that this object was first seen it appeared to be hovering in mid air
about 15 nautical miles north of Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, &
stayed in this position for approximately 10 minutes. Then it took up a
approach of a formation of three J-29 aircraft & moved rapidly
toward the northeast and disappeared. In moving, at this time however,
it had an estimated speed of 500 miles per hour. It appeared to be
in a dive at an angle of approximately 10° to the horizontal. Sun-
light glistening off the object led the witnesses to believe it was
spinning.

B. Interrogation of the crews of the three J-29's which were
seen flying toward the object revealed not a single one of their
crew members having seen the object. Further, a check with the Davis-
Monthan Weather Office revealed that no weather balloons had been sent
```

Please note that some sections are difficult to read due to the quality of the scan and some characters have been replaced with similar-looking characters (e.g., 'A' appears as 'Λ') or are indicated by "[illegible]" where the original text could not be discerned. Additionally, the header "UNCLASSIFIED" and footer "DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10 UNCLASSIFIED" indicate the classification status of the document.