The image does not contain a photograph; it is a text document. Here is the output of the text as an OCR system would provide:

UNCLASSIFIED
SECURITY INFORMATION
Enid Air Force Base, Enid, Oklahoma
2 May 1949

On the night of 21 April 1949 at approximately 2140 hours CST, I was
standing on the apron at Enid Air Force Base, Enid, Oklahoma facing north
while talking to two airmen when a light caught my eye which I impressed me
instantly as an aircraft flying from east to west approximately 2,000 feet
high. As aircraft were flying locally in the area as well as shooting
landings and take-offs at that time, it startled me to see what I first
thought was an aircraft flying at right angles to the direction of traffic
at that altitude. However, upon looking up to see the object, I realized
it was not an aircraft due to the fact it had a long tail trailing behind,
thus giving the impression of a 'celestial' object. However, upon analyzing
the situation, I realized it could not have been a comet because the object
appeared to be no higher than ordinary traffic altitude and its trajectory
was horizontal with no curve noted whatsoever. The object disappeared from
sight and did not explode or come in contact with any other object. From
the time the object caught my attention until the time it passed from sight,
approximately two (2) seconds elapsed.

It was impossible to note whether or not the object produced an audible
sound or not because of the fact an aircraft was taking off at that moment.
The three impressions I had which occurred within the matter of seconds,
the first being that this object was an aircraft flying across or at right
angles to the traffic pattern, the second that it was a comet because of
its long tail with approximate 100 feet in length, and the third that it
was neither of these two, made me realize that the object was something
explainable. Because of its rapid speed which I would estimate to be
approximately 1,000 miles per hour, judging by past experience where I have
witnessed jet aircraft flying approximately 500 to 600 miles per hour, it
was impossible to describe the object as other than something which appeared
to be the size of a large opalescent Light globe when viewed at approximately
fifteen (15) feet distance. It is entirely possible that the object did
not have an actual tail but, instead, that its appearance was caused by
the rapid speed of a lighted object traveling through the sky on a darker
night. The weather conditions at this particular time were clear.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DoD DIRECTIVE 5200.9
Lt. Col., USAF

UNCLASSIFIED