The image seems to be a page from an old document discussing the analysis of reported UFO sightings. However, there are no photographs present on this page. The document text reads as follows:

---

Ltr, ERI, to CG, ADC, Subj: Analysis of Proj. "Grudge" Reported Incidents

4. It is believed that certain of the items in the "Questionnaire-Checklist - Identified Flying Objects" produce insignificant and unreliable data from an observer. These are: 9. Distance of object from observer; 11. Altitude; 12. Speed; and 16. Size. For any unfamiliar object beyond the focal range of the human eyes (about 60 ft.), these four factors are mutually inter-dependent and therefore indeterminant unless at least one of them (and some observed angles) are known. Directly asking an observer about these indeterminants not only gets unreliable data but introduces wild answers because the observer is led into making a statement about quantities for which he has no basis in fact. He will unconsciously assume knowledge of some one of these factors and so give incorrect information on all. That people (many of whom should know better) will arbitrarily give answers to two significant figures on these questions, which really cannot be answered at all, is proof of the unreliability of their information.

5. It is suggested that these four items on the questionnaire be replaced by questions which will yield answers as possible of being independent facts in terms of the observer's best estimates of angles and time. From such data given by observers of the same object at two different places, a reliable calculated estimate could be made of the object's size, altitude, speed and path. These data should include:

a. An estimate of the angular size of the object. A quick but reasonable estimate tar us ue by comparing the angle subtended by the index finger held at arms length. The finger (7/8" wide) of an average man held at 26" to 30" (arms length) will subtend an angle of approximately two degrees. In this way angular size from about 1/2째 to about 60째 can be estimated.

b. The range of the object's flight in terms of the angle subtended by the observed path. If the object moves ir. i reasonably straight course it is important to observe the position at the beginning and the end of its course. After the flight has been completed a person can extend his arms toward the two points and also at 90째 or 180째 and by comparison estimate the angular extent of the flight. It is also important that information which will determine those directions relative to points on the horizon, which will tell where the UFO is located with objects on the point being viewed, the azimuth suir (if the time of day is also noted) or by the north star, the orientation can be rechecked at any later time.

c. The time required for the object to traverse the observed course. This is probably the most difficult estimate to make. Timing with a watch is the most satisfactory, but an observer is so seldom prepared to do so. Seconds can be counted with good accuracy by saying,

3

---

Please note that the text breaks off, suggesting that the document continues on another page.