There is no photograph present in this image.

The text of the document reads as follows:

---

CONFIDENTIAL                                                                                                                                                   UNCL (followed by some obscured text)

3. Ltr fr 1th Wst CST, Lowry AFB, to WJ, AFAT1, dt 22 Jun '59, subj: Report of Investigation

a. Shape -- although the object mentions oblong as the bes description, it is not clear if object was regarded as sphere or disk.

b. What was estimated distance from observer?

c. Was a trail or exhaust noticed?

d. Maneuvers -- was there any deviation from flight path by the entire formation?

e. Did objects appear to maintain a uniform distance between themselves?

2. The possibility exists that the objects reported may have been a cluster of passive or regular air research balloons. It is known that during the past several years satellites have been sighted passing over this area near Denver, Colorado. It is, therefore, desired that aerial research aerosols in the range area be coordinated.

3. Pertinent of Air Force letter inclosed, dated 4 May 1949, requests that Dr. T. Townsend Brown be notified of any Project Twinkle (Preliminary) activity in the Denver, Colorado area between 1 June 55 and 15 September 1949.

4. As the requirements of Dr. Wiley in this matter are not known, it is, therefore, desired he be contacted at his present address; Piecolittle Ranch, P. O. Box 516 Idaho Springs, Colorado prior to any further investigation of this incident.

5. In view of Dr. Talleys association with the Scientific Advisory Board, it is expected that he will be granted the full cooperation of your office during the investigation of this incident.

FOR THE COMMANDANT GENERAL:

USAF (signature image)
W. R. Clingerman
Colonel, USAF
Aots Chief, Intelligence Department

3 Incls,
1. Inv Rpt, DO 44th, coy No. 3
2. Coy Dept of AF Ltr,
5/6/69
3. Cy AIC Ltr to Dr. Valley

UNCLASSIFIED

---

Please note that the text is partially obscured by the "CONFIDENTIAL" stamp, and some parts of the text are not completely legible due to its quality. The signature and the last part of the declassification mark (UNCL...) are also partially obscured, making it difficult to read. The text at the bottom right appears to be a page number "2".