The image does not contain a photograph; it is a page with typewritten text and some hand annotations. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

UNC...-
Assat. Editor, for the Jackson Citizen Patriot was contacted and his per-
mission was received over the telephone to remove the disc from the
offices of the newspaper. While talking with Mr. ------ it was learned
that another disc of similar size was turned in to the offices of the
newspaper by an unknown farm boy from Michigan Center, Michigan. No
information was available during this interview as to the identity of
this boy. Mr. ------ did state that an attempt had been made through
the city of Jackson, Michigan, at the local airport, and at Romulus,
Michigan, to identify the disc turned in by WATTS, but that no one had
been able to give any information of any value.

AT PARMA, MICHIGAN

8. Upon leaving the offices of the Jacksn Citizen Patriot,
this agent returned to the residence of -------- and proceeded to
the exact spot in the corn field in which the disc was found. While in
this area, several additional small pieces of the purple colored plastic
were found in an area about 6' in dia. (See exhibit "H"). At this time
Mr. Harris remarked, "I wonder if all this is worth the expense we are
going to." Mr. ------ married and has a family of 7 children. He is a
very sincere, humble hardworking individual, and was extremely cooperative
at all times.

AT DETROIT, MICHIGAN

9. At 1330 hours, Mr. ------ of the Jackson, Michigan, newspaper
telephoned the District Office and stated he and another newspaper
had discovered that the metal discs found turned over to Special.
Agent ------- were used by the Jackson, Michigan radio station for the
purpose of making radio transcriptions. After the transcriptions were
made these discs, which have plastic on both sides, are then thrown away
and the, children in the area obtain these junked discs and sail them.
Mr. ------ said a comparison of the junked discs and those turned over
to Special Agent ------ were identical and there was no doubt as to
the source of the discs.

NOTES: The discs and plastic had been mailed to DO #5 just a few moments
prior to receiving the information in the above paragraph.

INCLUSURES
FOR COMMANDING GENERAL, AR MATERIAL COMMAND

1. Exhibit "A" - Saucer found at ------ Farm 31 May 49
at 1000 hrs by ------

2. Exhibit "B" - Particles of plastic covering found clinging
to and laying about the area of the disc found at the ------ farm, Parma, Michigan,

3. Exhibit "C" - Saucer found by Unknown Subject at Michigan
Center, Michigan, 3 June 49.

4. Guide to Investigation - Unidentified Aerial Objects

Exhibits "A", "B", and "C" being forwarded under separate cover.

UNCLASSIFIED

PENDING

DO #25, File 24-8

(Note: Names and specific identifying details are redacted from the document as they are blacked out.)