The document does not contain any photographs; it consists solely of typewritten text.

Here's the text from the document:

"UNCLASSIFIED
                                 (L-8, 5)

               "Locked in Bank Vault

  "The saucer footage is locked in a bank vault,' explains Conrad.
  'I'm not showing it to anyone yet.'

  "The plot concerns a playboy, Michael Trent (Conrad), who steels
   his weak chin and goes saucer-hunting in Alaska for the government. To
   throw Russian spies off the track, he cleverly disguises himself as a
   drunkard seeking the cure. Trent is accompanied by an FBI agent, who
   turns out to be a beautiful blond (Miss Garrison), cleverly disguised
   as his nurse.

   "'We get snowbound in a remote cabin and romance finds a way,'
   says Conrad.

   "Will Michael and Violet get out of the cabin before they're
   trapped by snow? or the Russians? or the censors? Will they capture the
   saucer? Will they drop dead before the end of the movie? Will you?"

            AT LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA

  2. After some investigation in an effort to locate █████████, it was
  determined that he was presently actor-producer-writer for COLONIAL PRODUCTIONS,
  8739 Sunset Boulevard, Los Angeles, California. █████████ called the writer
  at the OSI office on 26 October 1949 after several messages had been left for 
  him to communicate with Agent █████████.

  3. On that date █████████ informed Agent that his picture, "The Flying
  Saucer," was to be previewed by the censors of the ██████ office at 5552 Holly-
  wood Boulevard, Hollywood, California, and invited Agent to attend the showing
  after which he suggested that the writer could question him concerning the
  "Saucer."

  4. The writer attended the preview of "The Flying Saucer" on 26 October
  1949, and the picture ran approximately one hour and a half and attempted in
  the article, concerned a story of MICHAEL TRENT'S █████████ as indicated.
  locate a flying saucer which was rumored as being produced somewhere in Alaska.
  The Russian espionage agents were also attempting to locate the saucer for the
  Soviet Government. It developed in the story that a Dr. CARL LAISON had per-
  fected a Flying Saucer and his laboratory was located in a spot bordering on 
  Twin Lakes across the Ice Caps from Taku Harbor near Juneau, Territory of
  Alaska. TRENT locates the saucer prior to the Russian spies, who secure infor-
  mation concerning its existence and location from Dr. LAISON'S assistant who
  sells out to the Russians for a few million. The picture ends with the assis-
  tant attempting to send the saucer to Russia and flee from TRENT. However, the 
  saucer explodes at the end of the picture when the assistant of Dr. LAISON at-
  tempts to launch it, Dr. LAISON having placed a bomb in the saucer to avoid
  just the situation that transpired.
  
  5. █████████ after the showing, indicated that the "flying saucer"
  was a figment of his imagination and stated that he had released the story to
  3       UNCLASSIFIED"