The image does not contain any photographs, only a page with text. Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

---
CONFIDENTIAL                     UNCLASSIFIED

1. Effect on clouds: No visible clouds.

m. Lights: None. (Sparks were emanating from object and were
more pronounced in the lower rear edge of object.
Those sparks were orange to white in appearance.
Intensity of the center part of the object remained
the same, however, the intensity of the sparks along
the edges varied.

n. Supports: None observed.

o. Propulsions: Unable to determine.

p. Control and stability. Not applicable.

q. Air ducts: None.

r. Sound: None

s. Manner of disappearance; Disappeared behind building.

t. Notes relative to observer:

(1) Name: Mr. ------------------, Civilian Employee,
Holloman AFB.

(2) Address: -------------------------, Alamogordo, New Mexico

(3) Occupation: Geodetic Engineer (well versed in astronomy).

(4) Place of business: Holloman Air Force Base.

(5) Pertinent hobbies: Study of astronomy

(6) Ability to determine: Above average

(7) Reliability of observer: Observer extremely reliable
and has aided this office on numerous occasions
in obtaining readings on other observations.

(8) Former sightings: Has observed no sightings
prior to this and was not suffering from fatigue
at the time of this sighting.

(9) Witnesses: None

3. Check of the Electronics and Atmosphere Research Branch,
Holloman AFB, revealed that they had no radar in operation at the time
of this sighting. Further check with the Base Weather Station revealed
that there were no unusual weather conditions at the time of the sighting.
Check with the Operations and Projects Division, Holloman Air Force Base,
and the Research Section of White Sands Proving Ground revealed that no
testing devices had been sent aloft in this vicinity at the time of the
sighting.

                            CLOSED    UNCLASSIFIED

---
The redactions are represented by dashed lines where personal information or sensitive data has likely been removed.