The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a text document. I will now provide the text content from the document:

```
5D 21-21D
PROJECT GRUDGE

DETAILS:

1. Investigation is predicated on receipt of a Routing and Record Sheet
dated 12 April 1949 from Technical Intelligence Division (MCIAAS), Hq Air
Material Command, to investigate the sighting of unidentified aerial phenomena
at Cleveland, Ohio, on 6 April 1949.

AT WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE

2. The files of this office reveal the following United Press release
dated Cleveland, Ohio, 7 April 1949:

"The latest thing in flying saucers has been reported in Cleveland.
This time it's described as a strange, glowing red light in the sky that moves
with great speed, then seems to hover in one spot. Several west-side Cleve-
landers said they saw it between 11 and 11:30 last night in the eastern sky.

"Two men at the airport control tower also saw it. One watched it
through binoculars but couldn't make out what it was. One of the two,
CHESTER BOZTUK (correct?), called it 'the weirdest phenomena he's ever seen.
It'll never go of those oneills we ran into the one born forty at Case
Institute. Between 11 oclock and 11.20, all of them from west siders. Looked
didn't see anything unusual.

"(Supernaturabe?) Here's a sample of conversation on any street
corner in Cleveland today: 'What was that in the sky last night...a bird, a
plane...superman and the answer, like so not is...!' It looked like a strange,
glowing red light to me.'

"And there you have the big question in Cleveland today. Just what
was it many Clevelanders saw in the sky last night. An airport official says
it was the 'weirdest thing he's ever seen. There're no jet planes in the area
last night. Yet this was this red light...sometimes whipping at high speed...
sometimes hovering in one spot.

"No thing ordinary...It wasn't a flying saucer. They were seen only
in the daytime last year. And speaking of them...the Air Force said today
it still can't explain the saucers. The Air Force says there's no reason to
think some foreign country was practicing with rockets over American territory.
Yet on the other hand, the Air Froce says cautiously that it can't rule out that
possibility. Just what were they? Like Clevelanders today, the Air Force just
shrugs its collective shoulders and says, 'You tell me,' !

Enclosure:

FOR DISTRICT OFFIC NO. 5, DETACHMENT AT CLEVELAND, OHIO

Guide to Investigation of Aerial Phenomena (In trp)

UNCLASSIFIED
2
```

Please note that some parts of the text seem incomplete or contain typographical errors, which is common in text that is transcribed from older or lower-quality documents.