The document contains hand-drawn illustrations, not photographs. There are two drawings present:

1. The top drawing depicts an arc with angles marked, indicating the movement of an object in the sky, with annotations "A.B." and "A.B." at different points of its trajectory. The arc is annotated with angles in degrees, showing the position of the object at various times.

2. The second drawing, below the first, depicts the trajectory of an object with an "X" marked at the beginning of the path and a circle marked at the end of the path, with annotations indicating the direction of movement with arrows. It is labeled "A" at the start, "B" in the middle, and "C" at the end, with "Down" and "Fast Turns" written alongside the path.

Here is the text output as if I were an OCR system:

```
Official U.S. Air Force UFO form continued

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" at the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "0" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you lost saw the object. Place an "X" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "0" on the compass when you lost saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "0" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. 

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?  Four
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
No     Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
No     Yes
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

[Address details]
3 miles past - name not known - believe that
lives in mema - Lynel also - but not sure.
32. Please give the following information about yourself.

NAME                                                  ADDRESS
Lynal                                                [Address details]

TELEPHONE NUMBER 229-CC43 AGE 45 SEX M

Include any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

I was driving pretty steadily over the mountains by
Deming, N.M. at about Mach 1, junctions
from Fresno State College in
1949 x

33. Where and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Was reported by
crossed out name Fresno Airport
D. Donnette to Fresno Airport
```

Please note that certain personal information details (such as specific addresses, which may constitute sensitive information) are deliberately omitted from this response.