The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scan of a newspaper article.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

THE INDEPENDENT, ST. PETERSBURG, FLORIDA

Aerial Mystery Baffles Chief 1 February 1949

'Flying Disc' Visits Pinellas

By C. WYNN LENCHUCK
Those "Men from Mars" might be going between 400 and 500 miles per hour. It was perfectly round and appeared to be as large as four of the big planes. The object towered over the city in army planes. The object formed a complete circle and threw out a strange greenish light with four strange greenish lights."

Previous, on the odd whim, witnesses, Kramer Thomas, Previously,
Among the first to report the Palmetto, reported to fishermen of the Aloma encountered the Flying object was E. Sensenbrenner, an auto mechanic at the plant. The pattern is always whirling disc. . . along about
Wilson's Hi Hat Body and Fender the coast. MacDill Field about 300 miles per hour . . throwing
Palmetto, reported to fishermen of out a strange greenish light with
W.E. Taylor that he saw a "plane" fishing near four white streaks."

Never as the "whirling discs". Recently during day-
light observation point of. Aloma. Alabama saw the heads of the passengers
showing through the windows
of the monster which was as big as a freight car, re-
ported, and which whizzed by
his plane which was flying
along at a 150 mile clip.

The apparition (or is it?) has
been attributed to:

1. Men from Mars.
2. Russian spies.
3. Secret army planes.
4. Low moth fog.

City Publicity Director, Press Phillips takes a saner view: "Uh, doubtedly," Phillips stated, passing briefly from his daily chores of mailing pictures of girls in swim suits to Northern news-
papers, "undoubtedly, what these people saw yesterday was ac-
tually men from Mars who had heard about the wonders of St. Petersburg and the Gulf Beaches. Thus far none of these visitors from another planet have regis-
tered at the chamber of com-
merce but I shall certainly notify The Evening Independent just
as soon as they do. I understand
people from Mars have little
green cards and I fear their
tropedoes and I believe I will
conquer them".

NOTE: Shame a
"L.J.U.", and you too, Press
Phillips for not recognizing as
winter visitor in a hurry to get
away from it all. The "hall"
shape? Merely snow and ice
pilled in a fast trip from the
Mid-west.

(Note: the text transcription may contain inaccuracies due to the quality of the scan and the nature of printed newspaper text.)