The image does not contain any photographs.

The text present in the document is as follows:

```
Page 2 UNCLASSIFIED

Name and address of observer:

    1st Lt James S. Gist, 375th Ron Sqd (VLR) Wea.,
    Hq 5021st Air Base Sqd, Shemya AFB, APO 729, U. S.
    Occupation and hobbies: Army
                         B-29 Pilot

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

Statement: "On the night of 29 March 1949 I took off from Shemya at 2110
hours BSI on a routine Loon Able weather reconnaissance mission. Since an
engine was feathered shortly after takeoff, I decided to remain aloft over
Shemya approximately three hours to lighten the weight of the aircraft
before landing. At approximately 2205 hours while approaching Shemya
range from the southwest at an altitude of 2400 feat, the co-pilot and left
scanner reported that we had passed a lighted object approximately 100 feet
below us. This I reported to Semicich tower and asked if there were any
other aircraft in the vicinity. The only reported aircraft was a North-
west Airlines aircraft which had taken off a few moments previously and
reported to be en course. I alerted the entire crew to be on the lookout
for any aircraft in the vicinity.

    At approximately 2255 hours while in a procedure turn at 5000 feet
just south of the island a light was sighted approaching from our left.
This was clearly seen to pass directly overhead and on to our right to
vanish among scattered clouds in the distance. Since we were in a turn
and on a convergent heading at the time, the light was in a northerly heading.
At the time I judged it to be 1000 feats above us and traveling 300-400
miles per hour. The possibility of this light being a meteor confronted
me, but it was traveling in what seemed a definite horizontal altitude
and the light seemed steady in intensity, which diminished the possibility
of this being a meteor. The light itself seemed to be a blue-white color
and had the appearance of an exhaust in shape. This was reported to
Semicich tower.

    There were no further observations."

                                        /s/ James S. Gist
                                        JAMES S. GIST
                                        1st LT USAF
                                        AO 777550
                                        Pilot - B29 Fli #-6202
                                        PROJECT 375th Rqn Sqd (VLR) Wea
                                        UNCLASSIFIED
```