The image provided is a scanned page from a text document and does not contain any photographs; it is entirely text-based.

The text on the document reads as follows:

```
Incident: 2503

Page 2

Name and address of observer: PFC. Earl W. Cheek 25353rd Base Swv, Squad.
                                                                      Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando, Florida
Occupation and hobbies: Air Policeman

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of
observer(s):
      Described as a good solider by superiors and fellow airmen.

STATEMENT ... Affn. On 24 Feb, 49 Pfc Earl M. Cheek, AFP5555332 25353rd
Base Servic Sqdn., Orlando AFB, Orlando Florida, was interviewed. Cheek stated
that while he was standing just North of Bldg. T-2704, Orlando AFB, Orlando Fla.
at approximately 2200 hours the Sergeant of the Guard (Patton) called his
attention to a lighted object in the sky. This object appeared to be round,
about the size of a Jeep wheel without a tire and blue green in color. It
appeared to be approx. 450° above the horizon and first appeared at a position
315° from where he was standing over a point approx. 500 ft. from Bldg.
He was able to view the object for approx 1 to 1 1/2 minutes and stated that it
was traveling in a South-Southwesterly direction at approximately 100 mph.
(this estimate of speed is based on speed of aircraft in flight observed by
Cheek in vicinity of Orlando AFB). There was no sound, odor, trail or projections
in or around this object. The color of this object appeared to be very dull and
it appearing "like a lighted weather balloon", then wavered and then moved off, finally
disappearing "as it started as a rather stag descent and clouded over down the sky.
the stars were out and it was turned off. There were no visual underneaths. Cheek did not wear glasses, is not color-blind and did not view this object through any material.
```

Please note that some text might be faint or unclear due to the quality of the scan, but the transcription above reflects the visible text in the image.