There are no photographs present on this page.

The text on the document is as follows:

```
ROLE  −  24−78
                                                               UNCLASSIFIED
19. The following information ws obtained by this Agent from
Radio Station WCBM:

       The Gunther Brewing Company, of Baltimore, Maryland, sponsors a
radio program known as "Stop the Flame" over Radio Station WCBM. A
Stearman towing a sign, "Drink Beery Gunthers", flies over various sections
of the City of Baltimore. Radio contact is maintained with Mr. Joe Fitz-
patrick, Announcer on the Gunther Program on WCBM. As the plane picks up a land-
mark in the various subdivisions of the city, two telephone calls are
placed to persons residing in that area. they can "Stop the Flame" by
supplying the missing letter in the sign they win a series of valuable
prizes.

AGENT'S NOTE: Due to this contest, Baltimore is overpopulated with "sky
watchers".

20.  On 14 July 1949, the records of Headquarters and Headquarters
Squadron, 1090th AACS, Andrews Air Force Base, were consulted by Special
Agent MURRAY E. CHASSIN. These records indicated that 1st 
Lieutenant [REDACTED] was on duty as GCI Control Officer, between the
ours of 1700 and 2400 on 29 June 1949. Lieutenant [REDACTED] was interviewed and
stated that there were no unusual occurrences or receptions on the GCA
radar screen between 1900 and 2200 hours on 29 June 1949.

21. On 15 July 1949, Special Agent JOHN L. GOULSBY interviewed Captain
T. A. GIANTASIS, Officer-in-Charge, at National Airport tower, Gravelly
Point, Alexandria, Virginia, who stated, in substance, that the Operations
at the National Airport tower stated on 29 June 1949 a C-47 aircraft, No.
NC-5970, had requested a position from the radar station and that the
station had remained in contact with the airplane for approximately forty
minutes. The logs made no mention of having picked up any unidentifiable
aircrafts or objects, and operators who were questioned stated that they
did not recognize any forms or unusual objects in their radar scope. Captain
GIANTASIS explained that the radar scope might reveal metallic objects which
would reflect in the scope. However, unless the pilot specifically re-
quested from the station operator some information relating to the uniden-
tifiable objects, they would appear to the operator to be other aircraft
in the area. Captain GIANTASIS stated that the principal characteristics
of the unidentifiable objects were of such a nature as to preclude any
"PIPS" on the radar screen. However, he stated that he would like to
point out the fact that, even if the operator did not report any such in-
cident, this fact did not necessarily preclude the possibility of such ob-
jects being in the area at the time indicated. Station LMW tracked the
above-mentioned C-47 for about forty minutes. Copy of the log indicated
that the aircraft was flying at an altitude of 2,000 ft.; radar control
was assumed at 1954-E on Channel 9; and radar screens were 5 X 5.

                                                              PENDING

                                                           −13− UNCLASSIFIED
```