There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Subject: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
SIGHTED BY MRS. [redacted]

18. Luminosity: Object was not luminous, but grey in color and no
reflection or brilliance was observed.

19. Projections: None.

20. Maneuvers: The object made no maneuvers of any kind but traveled
on a level plane, neither losing nor gaining altitude.

21. Manner of disappearance: Informant lost sight of object for an
instant and then could not locate it again.

22. Effect on clouds: None. There were no clouds in the sky.

23. Additional information concerning object: Informant stated that
she was positive the flying object she had sighted was not a search light from
the airport, but said the pbject could possibly have been a weather ballore.

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: Weather clear;
light good.

Name and address of observer: Mrs. [redacted]
New Orleans, Louisiana. 

Occupation and hobbies: Occupation: housewife; hobbies: none.

At the time of observation informant was not wearing glasses and
viewed the object while out of doors.                                    (3-2)

BIO COMMENT: Mrs. [redacted] appeared to be a person of average
intelligence and a reliable sort of person. A
neighborhood check revealed that informant is
considered to be a normal person, and is well
thought of in the neighborhood. Mrs. [redacted]
considered to be reliable and not in the habit
of telling falsehoods or exaggerating.

A check of the indices of the following agencies failed to reveal any
record regarding [redacted]

Federal Bureau of Investigation, New Orleans, Louisiana.
Police Department, New Orleans, Louisiana

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

UNCLASSIFIED                                             DOD DIR 5200.10

-2-
```

Please note that several sections have blacked-out text where names and potentially sensitive information have been redacted.