The image is a scanned page from a document and does not contain a photograph. Here is the OCR output of all the text found in the document:

```
CLASSIFIED

This smoke was about 4 times as wide as the object and about 4 times as long.
Than this object appeared to be spinning, this smoke seemed to spiral around
the object, evaporating or dissipating quickly. The odd scent detection
was said to have dissipated at the same clear in The nun was in the general
direction of southwest behind us. No clouds were observed in the immediate vicinity
of the object. No other object appeared in the vicinity of the object. The object
appeared to be supported by aerostatic lift; no propeller, jet or aerodyname vanes
were noted. The object faded from view, disappearing behind the rising smoke of a
dump fire in the vicinity of Honolulu. We do not believe this object touched the
ground. If photographic equipment were available, it is not believed it would
have been possible to photograph the object as it was so small and so high in the
sky. A sketch of the object, many times enlarged, is attached to this statement.

We have read this statement consisting of two pages, and it has been read
to us. We have signed and initialed all preceding pages and corrections. This
statement is the truth to the best of our knowledge and belief, and we have given
it freely and voluntarily.

/s/ Frederick J. Norman
/s/ Clarence R. Martin

Witness
A. H. Clark

The following personal data was furnished by NORMAN during this interview
Age 25 years. 7 years service in the Air Force; 5 of which have been in a 
commissioned status. Rated Navigator...Present Duty1 Weather Forecaster. Normal
vision of 20/20; does not wear glasses. Completed 2 years college training major-
ing in Engineering.

The following personal data was furnished by MARTIVE during this interview
Age 27. 7 years service in the Air Force; 5 of which have been in a commissioned
status. Rated Pilot...Present assignment with Pacific Division Air Comptroller's
Office. Normal vision of 20/20; does not wear glasses.. Holds Master's Degree in
Economics.

5. On 30 September 1949, the Aircraft Control Center, Civil Aeronautics
Administration, Department of Commerce, Honolulu International Airport (formerly
known as John Rodgers Airport) reported to my headquarter one of our aircraft was
except one (1) plane which was engaged in a radio range controlled landing at about
1712 hours, Hawaiian time. This aircraft was described as being well under 6,000
feet and approaching the airport from the sea, or from the general direction of
south, the unknown expressed both that this aircraft could not have seen the un-
identified flying object reported due to its direction, speed of flight and altitude.
No report of unidentified flying object was reported to the Civil Aeronautics Ad-
ministration. The Aircraft Control Center further advised that the following NOTAM
was published by the GAA at 1630 hours, Hawaiian time, 30 September 1949.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that there are some transcription uncertainties due to text distortion, faintness, or other issues associated with scanned historical documents.