The image provided appears to be a scanned document page with text describing an investigation of UFO sightings. There are no photographs in this image.

As an OCR system, here is the output of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
DETAILS

1. This is a joint investigation of Special Agents - and the writer.

AT WATERTOWN, NEW YORK

2. On 17 June 1949, the writer interviewed Miss - Huntingtonville Road, Route 2, Watertown, New York, a grammar school student, concerning her alleged observation of an object in the sky on 11 May 1949 from 1545 to 1600 hours, EST, along a rural route near Watertown, New York. The geographic location of this point of observation is the St. Lawrence River area, (263) Longitude 76 degrees 48', Latitude 44 degrees. This informant stated that while riding in a vehicle, heading northeast through a rural area, another passenger in this vehicle observed an object traveling through space and brought this observation to the attention of occupants of the car. The vehicle was stopped and closer observation was made again after getting out of the car. Informant stated that this object appeared to be approximately a foot in length, rectangular in shape, similar to a shoe box, and white in color. She further stated that there seemed to be only one object, appearing from the south, gradually gaining altitude for about three minutes, leveling off, and moving to the northeast slowly, until it completely disappeared. The approximate time the object was visible was estimated at from ten to fifteen minutes by this informant and was noted that the weather was excellent on this date, with no clouds affecting the visibility, making it possible for her to discern that the object was smooth-surfaced, reflecting the sun's rays, similar to the surface of a conventional aircraft, that left neither made any sound nor left any appearance of trail of smoke, or odor of any kind. The writer checked with the Police Department and Jefferson County Sheriff's Office, Watertown, New York and there was no information concerning this informant. The writer interviewed SUBJECT'S mother and she advised that - is twelve years of age, attends the local grammar school, and that concerning her daughter's accuracy of vision, she related that in a recent eye examination her vision had proven above normal.

3. The writer also interviewed Mrs. - Huntingtonville Road, Route 2, Watertown, New York, a housewife living on a farm, concerning her alleged observation of an object seen while driving along a rural area near Watertown, New York, the evening of a location of the point of observation is St. Lawrence River area, (263), Longitude 75 degrees 48', Latitude 44 degrees. Upon being interviewed by the writer, Mrs. - stated that while driving along a rural area near Watertown, New York on 11 May 1949, she observed an object soaring through the sky. She stated that at first she thought she was "seeing things" so she immediately called the attention of the other passengers, his - , and Mrs. - vehicle, her daughter - stated further that she observed an object, and it seems to be a silver ball, similar to aircraft fuselage. She stated that the object seemed to appear over a nearby hill about one-half mile away to the southeast, was visible as it moved slowly for ten or fifteen minutes, gaining altitude for about three minutes, then leveling off, leaving a forty foot gray smoke trail which gradually diminished. She said that as the object moved from southeast to north-

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DDO 9116
```

Please note the redacted names for privacy are shown with hyphens (-).