The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, here is the output of the document's text:

---
feet, he would abandon the chase. This was reasonable because the F-51 was carrying no oxygen.

What the Fatal Last Turn Cost Mantell. His body was found near Fort Knox, and the wreckage of his plane was scattered for half a mile around him. Obviously, the ship had disintegrated in mid-air.

Later that day, a similar disk—in all probability, the same one—was sighted over Lockbourne Air Force Base at Columbus, Ohio. "It was traveling faster than 500 m.p.h." the report said. "It glowed from time to time and it showed an amber exhaust trail five wits in its own length."

Inexplicably, the Columbus sighting was omitted from authorized magazine reports of the Mantell case.

Confusing, Contradictory Explanations followed the Fort Knox affair. Papers carried stories that the mysterious visitor had been a balloon which alone by the suits. The magazine article partnered with Air Force said said there was Mantell’s. Then the Air Force denied this answer on the wing which it had all out. Air Force attacks the object.

Mantell and his pilots had chased a Navy cosmic-ray research balloon. This was widely reported by the papers familiar with balloons. Few thought to check such far and distant involvements.

Contraries involved are not powered; they are free and to drift with the winds. To fly the ninety miles from Scottsville to Fort Knox in thirty minutes, a balloon would have required a wind of 180 m.p.h. After traveling at this juvenile speed, the balloon would then have had to coast to a dead stop, in order to hover and close in order to more than an hour. As the F-51s approached, Field would have had to speed up again to 150 or 600 m.p.h. again to meet for more than this to keep ahead of Mantell.

To corse, as a Navy-trained balloon pilot, as well as a Marine Corps airplane pilot, is reasonably familiar with these drifting balloons. But it doesn’t take a balloon pilot to see that the recorded performance of the Fort Knox "saucer" is impossible for a balloon.

There three fighter pilots chased the mysterious object for half an hour—Mantell for thirty five minutes. (I have several times chased balloons with a plane, overtaking them in seconds) In a straight chase, Mantell would have been closing in at 500; any wind pushing the balloon would also have been a tail wind on his fighter plane, nullify the balloon’s forward drift.

The only way to have eluded him would have been through lightninglike maneuvers—impossible for even the fastest dirigible, let alone an unsupported free balloon. By the same token, the thing reported flying at 500 m.p.h. over Lockbourne Air Base could not have been a balloon.

Even if there had been several balloons in this general area (and there were not, by official record) they could not have covered the courses reported. In some instances, they would have been flying against the wind, at terrific speed.

The published "balloon" explanation also requires incredibly poor vision on the part of all the observers—the FBO, Air Force observers on the ground, telescopic Army tills, and civilians. Captain Mantell was a wartime pilot, trained to identify a distant enemy plane in a spit second.
<MISSING TEXT>
The vision of all three pilots was excellent. In broad daylight, they could not fail to identify a balloon during the thirty minute pursuit.

But even if that reason is ignored, the object could not possibly have been a balloon. The last thing that Mantell saw, the abrupt stop and low-down hover above Godman Field, when the quick bursts of speed the pilots Trench take it completely impossible.

Then what was the mysterious object? And what caused Mantell's F-51 to disintegrate in mid-air?

The Air Force report and the authorized magazine version speculate that Mantell carelessly let himself black out from lack of oxygen, after which his plane dived out of control and went to pieces.

Not only is this completely at variance with Mantell's habits and intelligence, but it is explained with a peculiar difference in the version.

The magazine version, using the later denied "Venus" theory, pictures Mantell as climbing on up, watching the fleeting star, unaware of his dangerous altitude. At 23,000 ft. he is presumed to have blacked out, his plane plunging precariously going on up to 30,000 feet. Windows state that the are trailing report are.

Mantell and Forbes' official report of the Venus idea, says that "Pilot".

The "Air Force" libel, attacking 20,000 feet, and did of suffocation before the crash.

Some good newspaper. Cotton had to be given this might mean a jumpcible blanket.

He signed of. As a wartime pilot, he was familiar with the news photographic Aviation (I proved Saturday). That deader less thanance for a mistake situation by his family he lacked oxygen equipment.

He had his altimeter to warn him. Most important, he would recognize from experience the vague blurring, narrowing of vision, and other preliminary symptoms of anoxia. It would not have come on him with no warning at all.

Despite this, the speculation of "blackout" was published and accepted as a plausible explanation by many Ameri-

It is the opinion of several engineers and pilots whomever Tktr. has questioned that an F-51, a sturdy war-tested fighter, starting a dive from 20,000 feet would not have disintegrated so thoroughly.

"From thirty thousand, yes," said one engineer. "If the dive was to a point it was I'd pick a high altitude to start from. But casualties plane doesn't necessarily dive. It might slip off and spin, or spiral down, and a few have even landed themselves.

"Also, if the plane started down from twenty thousand, the odds are the pilot would come to when he got into thicker air—admitting he had blurred out temporarily, which is only an Air Force guess. I don't see why they're so positive Mantell died before he hit the ground—unless they know something we don't."

One of the pilot group put it more bluntly.

"It looks like a cover-up to me. I think Mantell did just what he said he would—closed in on the thing. I think he either collided with it, or more (Continued on page 83)
---

Please note that sections of text might be missing due to the page cut-off at the bottom.