There are no photographs present on this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. Here is the text output from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object):
The shape appeared to be that of an automobile hub-cap. The object was round, but no estimate on thickness could be established.

10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead)
The object passed at an angle of forty-five (45) degrees overhead from point of observation, at an estimated altitude of five thousand (5,000) feet.

11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from North):
When first seen? West    When last seen? East

12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, bldgs, etc., over which object appeared to be):
The object's path was estimated at being about one (1) mile from the point of observation.

13. Direction of flight of object(s):
The object's flight path was from due West to due East.

14. Time in sight:
The object was observed, approximately, for about fifteen (15) seconds.

15. Velocity (time to cover given angular distance):
The observer believes that the speed of the unknown object was well one thousand (1,000) miles per hour.

16. Sound and odor:
No sound nor odor was noticed.

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.)
No trail or other relative reactions were observed.

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of brilliance):
Informant stated that the sun reflected from the object, but no other luminous features were observed.

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.):
No projections, fins, wings, rods, etc., were noticed.

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc., - sketch of flight path)
No violent maneuvers were observed. Object's flight path was straight and level.

21. Manner of disappearance:
Informant stated that he had observed the unknown object until, due to the high velocity of speed, it passed out of the normal vision.

22. Effect on clouds:
No clouds were visible during the date of observation.

UNCLASSIFIED
---