The document does not contain any photographs.

Here's the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

with a slight lateral motion right and left. Object was described
as being dull in luminosity; weather was clear with mild winds from
the south. No optical instruments were used in observation.

4. On 23 May 1919, at approximately 1000 hours, Sgt. JACKIE
E. PARKER, 6th Medium Tank Battalion, Company, Camp Hood, Texas,
and PFC JOHN T. OWENS, "C" Company, 6th Medium Tank Battalion, Camp
Hood, Texas, were on duty at Observation Post No. 1, map coordinate
914.0-556.0, and observed one object described as being between the
size of a star and the moon, or about the size of an automobile head-
light. It was round with blurred edges and had a yellowish tinge to
its color. Object was more than a mile away and was north-east of the
observers; remained in sight for one or two minutes and moved from
left to right at a slow speed. Its color was dull like a "flashlight
covered by yellow paper". Weather was clear with a light wind from
the south, with a small amount of haze. No optical instruments were
used. Object moved in level flight. Report made directly to AIC by
Fourth Army, and copy retained in files of D. O. No. 10.

5. On 23 May 1919, between the hours 2330 and 0030, three
observers saw a recurring light. Observers were Pvt. HURRAY E.
BIRBAUM, Jr. Hq & Sv. Co., L2 ATR, Camp Hood, Texas; Pvt. MILTON
HENK, "D" Company, L2 ATS, Camp Hood, Texas, and Pvt. IVAN E. FISCHER,
12 BK., Camp Hood, Texas. Object appeared and then reappeared
several times. Described as being the size of a light bulb when held
at arm's length, round in shape, and with a color of that of a light
bulb at a distance. Time of sighting was approximately one minute,
and movement was straight up and down at slow speed. Weather was
clear with southerly winds, and a slight haze. No sound or odor
was observed. No trail noted and no reports seen on object by
observers. Individual reports from each of the three observers fur-
nished AIC by Fourth Army with copy being retained in the files of
D. O. No. 10.

6. On the night of 3 June, 1949, at 2020 hours, a civilian type
aircraft circled Camp Hood at an altitude of from 200 to 500 feet.
At completion of second circling, airplane was headed due east.
Pilot in attempting to land on patrol road which he had mistaken
for an air strip, struck the lid. fence on his restricted area and
caused the plane to crash, but did not burn. Pilot stated he was
enroute from Paris to Taylor, Texas, when his plane developed engine
trouble requiring him to make an emergency landing. The plane was
searched thoroughly and no evidence of cameras or explosives determined.

UNCLASSIFIED
```