The document does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a typed report with some sections redacted.

Here is the text from the document:

```
Page 2                                                                   Incident ⬛⬛⬛⬛

Name and address of observer:                                               ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛, Oregon

Occupation and hobbies: 

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

Located in the ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ territory, ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛, Oregon, age of the observer ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ years, ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ married ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ was interviewed at her office and stated as follows: She was sitting on the porch at an approximately 11:30 hours on 22 March 1950 while reading at 150 block of ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ Ave., ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ object was described as being white in color; no noise or swoosh, but normal airplane noise. The size of the object was considerably smaller than a same held at arm’s length. There was no visible indication of speed, but the object seemed to be drifting lazily or a SOUTH Southwest heading. The object appeared to be revolving or turning over, with no audible sound nor visible exhaust trails. The speed had no effect on the object with the object above trees. Object was first sighted 150° above the horizon, and as the observer’s position, the azimuth was at ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ o'clock solar azimuth and ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ observed at a ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ and then lost gazing toward ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ after a lapse of approximately 10 minutes, a second object #2 directly overhead. This object remained in view during her return to her office on the second floor of the O'Connell Bldg., at which time she proceeded to the porch on the rear of the building and again sighted object #2. She watched the object until her view was cut off by trees. Position of the object at this time was 60° above the horizon at eight o'clock clock-wise from north. Object #2 was described as being the same as object #1 with the exception of the maneuverability, which was said to be a slight fluttering and not the revolving action associated with object #1. ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ stated that she does not believe these objects were ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ as she saw reflected from their surfaces as they turned or revolved. She does not believe that ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛-⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛, or maneuver, was not started by gyro rods. ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ had her glasses on as she was reading when she sighted the objects and there was no sun reflection in the time of sighting from 3 points of low latitude and time 
⬛⬛⬛ 203 ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛longitude.
```

Please note that the text is partially obscured with redactions and some words are difficult to discern due to the poor quality of the document. These have been indicated with the ⬛ character.