The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a text-only document. Here is the text from the image output as if by an OCR system:

```
Page 2 
Guide to Investigation                  UNCLASSIFIED                   Incident No. _________

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.)
       No actual trail, but object became elongated.
18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescent, other – degree of
       brilliance):
        Self-luminous
19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, canopies, etc.):
        None
20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. – sketch of flight path):
        Came straight in from 'west; then a slight climbing turn to North; then
        a sharp climbing turn to South.
21. Manner of disappearance: Kept going out of sight, or else diminished
        in brilliance until invisible.
22. Effect on clouds: No clouds in sky.

23. Additional information concerning object: Appeared spherical at first;
        then became elongated. As this object turned, it bent around the cor-
        ners, similar in appearance at the turns to a piece of bent pipe.
24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting; Cloudless sky;
        lights not quite all gone from western sky.
Name and address of observer: Marvin May, University of New Mexico.
Occupation and hobby: Professor of Civil Engineering. Studies and works
       in field of meteoritics.
Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer
       (Check neighbors, police dept., FBI records, employer, etc.).
       Very intelligent man; past experiences in meteoritics makes his
       observations even more valuable.

Did observer wear glasses, especially polarized glasses at time of sighting,
or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material?
       No

                                           [UNCLASSIFIED stamp]
DOWNGRADE
                                       [Declassification instruction markings]
at request of
```

The image includes several redacted or blacked-out sections, obscuring some text, which is typical in declassified government documents.