This document does not contain any photographs. It is composed of newspaper article clippings related to "Flying Saucers" or UFO sightings. Here is the text from the document:

---

AIR FORCE DISOWNS 'FLYING DISK' FINDS

Says Old Maryland Machines Have No Relation At All to 'Saucer' Phenomena

NEW YORK TIMES 20 AUGUST 1949

WASHINGTON, Aug 20 (AP) - The Air Force today said that two old machines found in a Maryland tobacco shed yesterday "have absolutely no connection with the reported phenomena of flying saucers."

The announcement ended speculation that the contraptions may have been the early experimental models of today's objects that have been reported whizzing through the air from time to time. Several sightings unknown to its was after Bottling Field here divaliations had been located in Mary[land]. A shed near Green Burr[ie], Md," State Police found the real[ics] about 18 miles south of Balti[imore].
Air Force officials at first ex[pressed belief they may have been] "prototypes" of early models of flying saucers.

Today, however, the Air Force officially disclaimed any such view. It took the position unequivocally that it could "not recognize anything as a 'prototype' of something that has not been proven to exist."

Some "flying saucer" reports --- which have come in from coast to coast --- have been traced to weather balloons and natural pheonmena, and others have remained unexplained.

One of the machines found in Maryland looked like a rude helicopter, with two big circular devices on top. The other resembled a large woodwork tub, with an engine and cockpit inside.

Their inventor, Jonathan E[dwell], has long disappeared, but his strange devices hung dust and decay for a decade.

(Not legible text) (Handwritten text: "C.[...?] Jones - July 21/1949")

---

Please note that the document has been cut off in parts, making some of the text illegible, and due to the quality and cropping of the image several words are partially obscured or missing. Also, in converting the image to text, I've transcribed as much as is legible and indicated gaps or uncertainties with brackets or ellipses.