The image contains two small circular black-and-white photographs at the top. Both photographs seem to be visual representations of objects against a plain background, but due to the quality and size of the images, no further details can be provided.

Below is the text output from the document as requested:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

APPENDIX "D"

13 December 1948
AI-1009

Brigadier General Putt
United States Air Force
Director of Research and Development
Office, Deputy Chief of Staff, Materiel
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear General Putt:

Please refer to your letter of 18 November 1948 relative to the "Flying Object" problem and to Mr. Colborn's reply dated 24 November 1948. In paragraph (b) of the reply, Mr. Colborn promised (among other things) to send a discussion of the "special design and performance characteristics that are believed to distinguish space ships."

This present letter gives, in very general terms, a description of the likelihood of a visit from other worlds as an engineering problem and some points regarding the use of space vehicles as compared with descriptions of the flying objects. Mr. Colborn will deliver copies to Colonel McCoy at Wright-Patterson Air Base during the RAND briefing there within the next few days.

A good beginning is to discuss some possible places of origin of visiting space ships. Astronomers are largely in agreement that only one member of the Solon system (besides Earth) can support higher forms of life. It is the planet Mars. Even Mars appears quite desolate and inhospitable so that a race would be more occupied with survival than we are on Earth. Reference 1 gives adequate descriptions of conditions on the various planets and satellites. A quotation from Ref. 1 (p. 229) can well be included here.

"Whether intelligent beings exist to appreciate these
splendors of the Martian landscape is pure speculation.
If we have correctly reconstructed the history of Mars,
there is little reason to believe that the life processes
may not have followed a course similar to terrestrial
evolution. With this assumption, three general possibilit-
ities emerge. Intelligent beings may have protected
themselves against the excessively slow loss of atmos-
phere, oxygen and water, by ostensible homes and
cities.* With the physical conditions scientifically con-
"Water, large or other
where the atmospheric may be visible. Perhaps underground,
temperature extremes would be reduced."

27 UNCLASSIFIED S-11750
---