The image does not contain a photograph. It is a text document. Here is the transcription of the document text:

UNCLASSIFIED

100-20346-79

──────────────────────
 
1. On 12 September 1949, in an interview with Rev-──────adviser, Cleveland, UNIT. CONG., the following information was ascertained; On 07 Apr. 1949 at approximately 1400 hours, PST, Rev.──────sighted, while flying on a Los Angeles, California bus approximately the Golden Gate, a "flying saucer." This "saucer" appeared to be approximately ten (10) miles away and of sufficient size to be seen for several minutes. Rev. described the lower part of the object as being cylindrical in shape with a dome on top. From each end of the cylinder, a pipe extended downward approx. ten (10) miles, and at the cycle of elevation from the horizon of approximately 45°. Object flew was estimated to be twenty-five (25) to thirty (30) feet in diameter. Cylinder seemed to revolve rapidly. Pipes were apparently made of solid construction. Estimated size, as they passed from Rev. to West View, was like "half dollar" in estimated size viewed at 20 feet in diameter. This object made no noise and gave no taste or smells. There was no vapor, odor of exhaust, no effect on clouds, no visible lights, and there was thought of objects; there was no sound, no films or stills were made or obtained. There was no sensation of any machine or technical supporting noise and there were no sound waves. Object seen "in slots or duct openings was noticed and the speed of Object floats was estimated at "slower than jet aircraft." Object faded from view. Rev.────attention was drawn to these objects by Mrs.──────.

NOTE: Rev.────is Colored, and his religious sect is "AME" (African Methodist Epl.). His wife is considered a "Prophetess". Rev.────impressed this agent as being a "religious fanatic" and as not particularly responsible or malice. He lives in a privately lower class Colored neighborhood and attempts to interview neighbors to establish DIVINELY reliability were not successful.

SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA

2. On 13 September 1949, Mrs.──────(owner of the residence at──────Street); Mrs.──────Street, and Mr.──────Street, all of San Francisco, California, stated

-2-

UNCLASSIFIED

(Note: The redacted portions are indicated with lines.)