There are no photographs present in the image provided. It is a text document.

Text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

9.  ROBERTS advised that he did not intend to break any story about
the objects sighted in the sky at WSPG but that on Tuesday morning, 30 August
1949, he noticed MILLS' article in the "Times, ROBERTS further advised that
he called MILLS and said in effect that he thought that there was to be no
publicity on the matter, to which MILLS replied to the effect that the LMRD III
(CRAWFORD of New York Times who also attended the WSPG tests) was going
to break a story and he wanted to beat him to the punch." ROBERTS stated
that he communicated with HILL and HILL denied that he was going to release
any such story.

10.  ROBERTS further stated that since MILLS' story had already broken
he, ROBERTS, saw no harm in broadcasting a little news item on his radio
newscasting program since his sponsor might "wonder where he was" since MILLS
had a story and he also had been to the same tests at WSPG that the navy
similar to MILLS'.  As a result ROBERTS said that in his story over the radio
on 30 August 1949, that objects had been sighted in the sky, and did made a
few remarks about the type of objects, the speed of the objects and the height
of the objects in the sky.  ROBERTS further said that subsequently he saw
Commander McLAUGHLIN and apologized to the Commander for this newscast and
Commander McLAUGHLIN said, "Oh, that's all right.  I don't care."

11.  ROBERTS went on to state that he received quite a bit of information
on the subject from Commander McLAUGHLIN, among which were:

a.  WSPG had an observation point located about 42 miles from WSPG
located on a hilltop where observations had been made of objects in the sky
since 1947.

b.  Objects other than rockets have been sighted in the sky.

c.  On one occasion two disks, or objects, were sighted in the sky
and were flying alongside of a V-2 test rocket, one on each side of the rocket.
One of the objects dropped behind the rocket in the vapor trail and then pulled
up again to the former position at the side of the rocket, and then both objects
shot ahead.

d.  In all probability some men from somewhere or objects from other
planets were checking on the tests—based on the fact that such occurrences
seemed to take place only during the rocket and other types of tests.

e.  Planet MARS will be closer to the earth in a short time than it
was three years ago.

f.  Objects have been sighted at least six times.

12.  ROBERTS stated that in addition to the above remarks he was also amazed
that the U. S. Navy allowed an executive of a minor radio station to bring his
young son and allowed the boy to sit in on the orientation lecture to the news
and radio group.  ROBERTS did not mention the names of these two but it is pre-
sumed from an examination of the list of visitors at the Naval rocket test that