The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned document page. Below is the transcription of all the text from the document:

---

2 November 1949

_STATEMENT_

I, [name redacted], currently residing at [address redacted], Manchester, N. H., prior to making the statement contained in the following report, hereby have been told by Lt. Col. H. G. Dyer, who has identified himself to me as a Special Agent of the Office of Special Investigations, USAF, that I do not have to make any statement, and that any statement I may make may be used against me in a court of law. I have also been informed of my right to have an attorney. With such understanding, I make the following statement of my own free will and accord, without threat or fear of punishment and without inducement or promises of immunity or reward.

On 20 October 1949, at approximately 1750 hours, while sitting in an automobile at the intersection of Forest Street and Jeffoatown Road, Manchester, New Hampshire, I happened to look in a Northwestern direction and saw an object explode in flames. The color of the flames was white. I did not know what direction the object had come from or until I saw this ball of flame. It then appeared to be falling straight down, although at a distance. If it was falling, it was falling over 20 miles, it could have been falling at an engine. I have seen jet aircraft from time to time and this object seemed to be moving about the same speed or a little faster than a jet plane would go. I could not distinguish any noise or exhaust about the object when it was falling. When the object hit the ground, which was out of my vision, I noticed a bright red flame come from the area where it had fallen. This flame burned for about 20 to 25 minutes. I did not notice any protrusions on the object nor did I see any lights or small any odor or hear any noise from it.

I had been working about eight hours on this day but was not tired or felt any undue fatigue. I had a full night's sleep the night before and I do not drink intoxicating liquors.

My father, [text missing], saw the object burst into flames but when I called him out of the house he did see the bright red glow of the object burning on the ground.

I have read this statement consisting of one page and it has been read to me. I have signed and initialized all corrections. This statement is the truth to the best of my knowledge and belief and I have given it freely and voluntarily.

Witnessed by:
[Signature redacted]
S/A OSI

---

End of transcription from the provided document.