The photograph in the document depicts an individual standing next to what appears to be a small aircraft with a disk-like structure on top. The aircraft has a propeller at the front and its wing structure is visible. The individual, possibly the inventor mentioned in the text, is dressed in a suit and wearing a cap. The environment suggests an outdoor setting, likely an airfield or similar location.

Here is the text from the document:

---
WASHINGTON POST
21 AUG 49

Air Force Now Decides Odd Maryland Relies Leave Flying Saucer Mystery Where It Was

FLYING (SAUCER) MACHINE—Inventor Jonathan E. Caldwell (left) is shown with his rotor plane in this 1940 photograph. Remains of the airplane were found near Glen Burnie, Md. Officials call it the “granddaddy” of “flying saucers.” Other unidentified

The two-year old flying saucer Caldwell had disappeared 10 years mystery is still a mystery. The ago after he had been enjoyed original models for the flying saucer mystery Friday of a "saucer" from selling stock in the “Gees Cosmos air for the cause found hovering over and flying Turbo Gee Airways.” He was 60 days earlier to be the Navy did not solve it at all, the Air Force which had been the “Gees Gees” at the time. And at the important. John W. told the investigators he repairs.

Yesterday interest in the two help, Caldwell build the machines. had taken to a Maryland stock promoter that once the work. The twisted brain child of a 10-year-old traded bearish on was originally triggered by an eccentric Air Force investigator Leder.

This the saucer, who called them investigators who called them then desultory prototypes of flying “debris.

Yesterday however, the Air WASHINGTON POST Force decided that it was not closer to solution of the origin of the swirling discs than it was last April, when it issued that it was statement.

It said yesterday that “the two experimental aircraft found near Baltimore, Md., have absolutely no connection with the reported phenomeno of 'flying saucers.'

In its statement of last April, the Air Force said: "Many of the reported instances have been definitely determined to be meteorological balloons, or natural celestial phenomena. However, there are some instances reported by reliable and competent observers’ which are still unexplained."

Following a policy of investigating all reports, both Winfield Mc- velous reports, Rollover Firm in-Nichols Blue police, traced a tip to the Glen Burnie, Md. farm where the rotting machines were found. The inventor, one Jonathan E-

---
The text is incomplete and fragmented, likely due to the cutoff of the document image.