The image provided does not contain any photographs; it is a typed document text. Below is the text from the document:

---

2 3
Page 2 UNCLASSIFIED Incident 389

Name and address of observer;

Occupation and hobbies;

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s)

discuss at 7,000 feet and felt the first one could have been a balloon.
He stated it was yellowish in color. In his opinion, however, neither
of the last two observed could have been balloons.
NARRATIVE SUMMARY:
My experience in radio control of pilotless aircraft and guided
missiles for the Navy at NAIVI during the war, and over 20 years of air-
craft study does not permit my identification of the objects which were
seen. They definitely were not balloons, birds, common aircraft, para-
chutes, stars, meteors, paper, clouds, or other common objects. They
moved in a regular motion either straight or in curved lines. They were all at
at approximately the same altitude but moved on different courses as in-
dicated on the sketch. The oscillations were clearly visible and timed
on the 3rd sighting.
A small group of people away from the airport have reported to me that
they later sighted three additional objects later in the morning at different
times. These reports are from groups of reputatble and people who also saw the
objects while at the field. A phone call from Astoria from a Mr. L. Hal-
berg of 456 James St. to me this morning revealed that he had sighted an
object at about 1000 feet described as about the size of a DC3 his
oscillated his it came down too coast and turned to see out about 1300 the 3rd.
 --------- is a reputatble business man and licensed pilot. He said other
aircraft were in the air at the time and this was not a common aircraft.
He reported that a different aircraft sound attracted his attention to it.
I tried to alert the local radio station to get observations to report
on direction and angle of observation from different localities and report
to me to try to triangulate for course and altitude. They thought it was
a publicity stunt and did not cooperate enough to permit getting the
desired data.

UNCLASSIFIED 

--- 

Please note that some words and parts of the text are illegible due to the quality or the state of the original document.