The image appears to be a typed document page with text and no photographs. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

---
around and caught up with the objects. They were definitely traveling faster than a group of birds, and slower than jet planes. No trail of smoke or exhaust was observed. The speed of the objects appeared to be steady.

Terrain, elevations, population, etc. in area, Source flew at 9000' MSL which was between 4000' and 5000' above terrain. During most of the time of observation, the objects were 1000' to possibly 1500' below source's plane. Towards the end of sighting when source had begun to come down he was almost on a level with them in altitude.

The valley through which source flew north, and the objects flew south, is roughly 12 miles wide. The floor of the valley is dominatex* by *out to 5000' in elevation. The east side of the va*ley is coniur* by Hart Mountain (8002' in elevation). Hart Mountain stands on an elongated bluff, which has an almost sheer drop of around 1000'. The bluff, and all the terrain, against which source saw the objects is quite dark in color. The objects stood out in contrast to the dark color. The objects appeared to be unpainted metal.

The rim of the bluff on the east side of the valley is about 7000' in elevation. From where source saw the objects (at 9000' elevation) they were roughly in line with the rim of the bluff (7000'). Assuming the object were 1 to 3 miles away from the bluff-rim, they were probably flying at about 8000' MSL, and about 3500' above the valley floor.

The valley where source sighted the objects is sparsely populated; however, there are a number of ranches there - more than are indicated on the Boise (V-2) Aeronautical Chart. Source believes that if persons living in the valley were questioned, chances are several might be found who saw the objects from the ground. Source has flown through this valley many times in going between California and Oregon and does not recall ever having seen another airplane in the valley where he sighted the objects. The valley is not a commercial airway route, and is seldom used by private planes. Source does not recall ever seeing any automobiles on the dirt roads in the valley, shown as such on the Boise (V-2) section of Aeronautical Chart.

Number and formation of objects: At the beginning of observation, when the objects were a few degrees to the starboard dead ahead, source could not distinguish separate objects - all he saw were reflections; however, as he came closer and passed them by 5/12 to 7/12 miles he definitely saw 6 or 7 separate objects. To be on the safe side source states with positiveness that there were no less than 5 objects and no more than 8.

The objects were always in file formation (one behind the other) and there appeared to be no change in altitude or formations. The space between the lead object and the next one wa* three or four times the length of on* of the objects. The distance between the second and the following objects was between one-half and two-thirds the length of the objects. Accordingl*, if the objects were 20 in length, the distance between #1 and #2 was 60 to 70 feet, and the distance between #2 and the others was between 10 and 17 feet. The distance between the objects appeared very constant. The objects were so close and appeared to keep *x their formation spacing in a manner which indicated they might have been under tow by the leading object. At the distance of sighting, no connection, if there was any, could possibly be us* observed. Source is positive that the objects were separate objects because he was able to see terrain between them. The formation did not fluctuate in

UNCLASSIFIED
---

Please note that there are a few instances where the text is not fully legible due to the quality of the document; these are marked with asterisks (*) where the word is not clear.