The image provided seems to be a page from an official document, and there are no photographs present on it. The page appears to be a typed report, with some text being marked as "UNCLASSIFIED". Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
CALDWELL, ot al - 24-93

Mr. A. A. Vollmecke, Chief of Air UNCLASSIFIED Branch, Civil Aeronautics Authority, suggested that this office contact a Professor CROOKS, Catholic University, Washington, D. C., who is an aero-dynamic engineer and is very interested in peculiar type aircraft. He is also suggested that this office contact a Mr. DRIGGERS, Hanger No. 5, Washington National Airport, CAA Maintenance Group. Mr. VOLLMERKE believes that Mr. DRIGGERS, a mechanical engineer, worked with CALDWELL during the experimental stages of the No. 99Y.

On 22 August 1949, the files of the Office of the Attorney General, State of Maryland, Baltimore, Maryland, were examined by Special Agent A. VON HAUCHER. The following is a list of items contained in this file:

Stenographic Record in the Matter: Rotor-Planes, Inc. and Gray Goose Airways, Inc., before the Attorney General of Maryland, Thursday, February 8, 1940 (this stenographic record contains 120 pages of testimony);

A number of promotion brochures;

Statement of Assets and Liabilities of the Rotor-Plane Company;

Complete lists of all stockholders in Rotor-Plane, Inc.;

Copies of Engineer Order dated 13 May 1940;

A number of personal letters from stockholders;

Correspondence between the Attorney General and Mr. MARTIN F. O'DONAHUE, Tower Building, Washington, D. C., Attorney, Rotor-Planes, Inc.;

Copy of summons issued to JONATHAN E. CALDWELL by the Assistant Attorney General, State of Maryland;

Report of Assistant Attorney General ROBERT E. CLAPP, Jr., dated 8 February 1940, in the matter of Rotor-Plane, Inc. and Gray Goose Airways, Inc.;

Memorandum dated 6 October 1936 concerning stock sale, dictated by Mr. GANTZ, Office of Attorney General, State of Maryland.

Due to the volume of information available in this file, photostatic copies are not being made. This file is available in the office of the Attorney General, Baltimore, Maryland, and this gentleman has voluntarily made this file available to agents of the Office of Special Investigations at any time for photostating. True copies or items believed to be pertinent to this investigation are being forwarded with this report as inclosures. UNCLASSIFIED
-4-
```