There are no photographs present in the image provided.

The text in the document reads:

UNCLASSIFIED
AACS 350.09                       
Subject: Sighting of "Flying Disc"             8 January 1949

1. At 0300 a constantly gaining altitude and then suddenly departed, still
climbing on a straight course of 25 degrees magnetic. It is the opinion 
of the witness that the object had limited maneuverability, and that no 
audible sound emanated from the object. There was no exhaust trail visible.

2. The witness was much impressed by the brilliance of the whiteness 
of the underside of the object and stated that prior to the disappearance
of the object at a distance of 10 to 50 miles from Hickam Field, the object
still seemed to give off a blinking whitish reflection and, according to the
witness, this blinking seemed to go on and off with decided regularity.

3. Capt. [REDACTED] reported the presence of a C-54 type aircraft in the
vicinity of Hickam Field at the time of the initial sighting of the object,
and he stated that he was almost convinced that this object was released
from or by this C-54 aircraft.

4. Capt. [REDACTED] reported that, at all times and during the departure
of the object, the undulation of this object was extremely rhythmical and
that this rhythmical cycle was completed approximately once every second.

5. When object ultimately departed on a straight course, it appeared
to increase speed at 15 degrees, with the angle of climb 10 so that the angle
of climb approximated 25 degrees. Witnesses stated that it was extremely
difficult to approximate the rate of speed during departure due to the dis-
tance involved and the intensity of the reflection. Witnesses stated
that it was his opinion that this object was under absolute control at all
times and that dual [SEVERAL WORDS BLACKED OUT] was exercised, this was ex-
tremely wide and decisive.

6. The opinion of Capt [REDACTED] on this subject is considered to be worthy of consideration as this officer is an extremely cool and level-headed
person, who is not given to the making of rash statements or using poor
judgments.

7. In the event that further information is desired by your headquar-
ters concerning the object as reported, this headquarters will be ready to
cooperate in every way possible.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

[STAMP - UNINTELLIGIBLE] MURRAY
Captain, USAF
Security & Intelligence Officer

                                UNCLASSIFIED

[REDACTED BAR WITH TEXT]