The image does not contain any photographs; it appears to be a scanned document with text related to an interview about a UFO sighting. Here is the text output as per your request:

Page 2                                                                   Incident

Name and address of observer:                                         --------

                                                                        Mr. -------------- Cleveland Municipal
Occupation and hobbies:                                                 Airport, Cleveland, Ohio

                               Sr. Controller of Air Traffic

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

NARRATIVE SUMMARY: 
On 22 April 1949, Mr. ---------------, Senior Controller, Air Traffic
Control, Cleveland Municipal Airport, Cleveland, Ohio, stated in an interview
that on the night of 5 April 1949, Mr. --------------- CAA, had come up in the
control tower for a visit. Looking to the north, they noticed a light that
looked like a passing or navigation light of a P-51, far enough and high enough
that the two lights would blend together. It appeared to be a passing light
because when they are not directly in front of you, they change instantly
from bright red to dull red. After watching it for awhile, --------------- stated that
the lights didn't move. This led --------------- to believe that it might be
a reflection so they opened the windows and it still didn't move. They then
observed the light through binoculars with a 7x50 lens. It looked like a
white round ball, rather flickery. It was visible from about 2255 to 2303
then it dimmed out just like turning a kerosene light out. --------------- contacted
United Airlines Radio and asked them to change their No. 25 Flight over to
this frequency. --------------- stated the plane was by this time, the plane was 
over Elyria, Ohio, and the pilot stated that it could not be had no mean 
anything unusual. --------------- stated that the lights appeared and 8 to 10 smoles
away, 12,000 feet above sea level, and due north of the tower at about 30 
degrees from the ground. An attempt was made to contact the object with nega-
tive results. At first, it was believed to be a helicopter but a helicopter 
couldn't make in such a steady position. It was stated that he had previously
experience in helping track down balloons but hasn't seen a balloon that 
steady and besides, a balloon light is usually orange white. This, however,
was a deep red light as an aircraft light. There was no evidence of a trail,
odor, or sound from the object. There was practically unrestricted visibility
with no cloud illumination. --------------- stated that he also considered the possi-
bility of the light being a star but dispensed with this idea because stars are 
blue in color. Also, it stated that a plane could not maintain a steady posi-
tion like this object and the fading away would be much more gradual. The wind 
was steady at about 10 to 15 miles from the southwest; --------------- not near
glasses.

See original report in File 260 for map and complete weather data.