There are no photographs in this page of the document. Below is the text output as requested:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

east the smoke gradually disappeared and the object seemed to dissolve gradually.
She commented that the visibility that day was excellent as there were no clouds.
She summed to fetch it with no source, therefore she could see the object was not propelled by its own whatsoever but seemed to reflect the rays of the sun, rather 
like the fuselage of a conventional aircraft. The writer made checks at the 
Polico Department and Sheriff's Office, Watertown, New York and they proved nega- 
tive. It was disclosed to this writer that Mrs. --------- between sixty and 
sixty-five years of age and he found that she lives in a poor locality and does 
not seem to be very well educated. The writer asked this observer about her 
vision in order to determine its accuracy and she stated that she is far-sighted 
and wears glasses but that her vision was not obstructed in any way at the time 
of this observation.

4. Huntingtonville Road, Route 2, Watertown, New York
was interviewed by the writer on 17 June 1949, concerning her observation 
of an object seen in space at approximately 1615 to 1625 hours EST, 11 May 1949.
Mrs. --------------- was driving westerly, while travelling along a rural route near Watertown, 
New York, northeast of the above New York reference. The geographic location 
of this point of observation is St. Lawrence River area, (263), longitude 75 degrees, 
48', latitude 44 degrees. She stated that her attention was drawn to the object 
by her mother, a passenger in the vehicle she was driving, who first noticed this 
object by the reflection of the sun upon it. Upon describing to the vehicle 
in which they were riding, this informant stated that she saw an object in aerial 
flight, that it seemed to be approximately two feet in diameter, although she ex- 
plains, that was undetermined. She continued that this object was dough-shaped, 
seemed to be smooth and shiny, similar to an automobile hub cap, that the object 
appeared to appear over a nearby hill and then moved slowly until it was over Black 
River, New York about five miles northeast of observation point. She added that 
the object appeared in the southeast, gained altitude for two to three minutes, 
moved slowly north maintaining a constant altitude, leaving a trail of light 
smoke the exact width of the aerial object, extending about one hundred and fifty 
feet to the rear. Then, she said, the object seemed to dissolve from the tail and 
work forward until it completely disappeared leaving a smoke trail, which also 
gradually thinned out and finally disappeared. She noted that there were no 
violent movements of the object and that the appearance and final disappearance 
described happened within a period of approximately fifteen minutes. Mrs. ------
further related that the object did not seem to be illuminated by its own source 
of power but seemed to reflect the rays of the sun in a manner similar to a re- 
flection on the surface of a conventional aircraft, also that the object seemed 
to produce neither sound nor odor. She remarked that to this day, 11 May 1949, was 
clear and that their excellent with no clouds present to restrict their visi- 
bility. A check of the Police Department and the Sheriff's Office, Watertown, 
New York was made by the writer with negative results and due to the nature of 
the small community in which they all lived, neighborhood investigations were not 
made on any of these informants. This writer asked Mrs. ------ about her vision 
in order to determine its accuracy and she related that she is far-sighted but 
does not wear glasses, adding that her vision was not obstructed at the time of 
this observation.

UNCLASSIFIED

-3-
---