The image does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. Below is the transcription of the text from the document:

```plaintext
CONFIDENTIAL

the objects. One thing he noticed was the lack of any sound from the objects.
The objects flew in and out of the clouds with no apparent effect on the clouds.
The intensity (?) hand under of his view would have appeared to disturb
the times when they finally room from view in the clouds. The objects first
or than vanishing, again the vehicle had served with the United States Air Force for a
period of approximately four years. During that time he worked in the capacity
of aircraft mechanic for three and one half years. he stated that had the
objects been similar to any standard aircraft, he would have paid little or no
attention to the flight.

4. Concerning: the observer Interviews were held with Mr. and Mrs. G. A.
TAGGARD, Mr. FJMD in PADCSC7, Chief Clerk, Colorado Fuel and Iron Co. at
Tioga, Colorado and Mr CLAUDE SWIFT, Sheriff, Huerfano County, Walsenburg,
Colorado on 11 and 12 June 1949 to determine the same individual. All
were emphatic in their statement that over became excited. Mr TAGGARD
very level headed individual who seldom if was considered to be a
stated that even when the ________told him of the objects he showed no outward
excitement. During dinner with the BARNETTS and Mr the investigating
agent had opportunity to observe Mr for about two hours and was impressed
by his calmness and ability to observe as details.

5. The Terrain: The terrain in the vicinity of the sighting is extremely
hilly being in the feet hills of the San de Cristo range of mountains and
being approximately 10 miles south of the ___ mountain range.

6. On 11 June 1949 attempts were made to locate other individuals in
the vicinity of Tioga and Gardner, Colorado who might have seen the unidentified
objects. These attempts met with negative results.

AT PUEBLO, COLORADO

7. At approximately 1130 hours, MST, 11 June 1949 an interview was held
with Mr ORVILLE FOSTER, Observational Supervisor, US Weather Bureau, Municipal
Airport, Pueblo, Colorado in an attempt to ascertain the weather conditions in
the vicinity of Tioga at the time of the sighting. A check of the reports
revealed that around Pueblo (approximately forty-five miles northwest of the
place of sighting) there was broken sky at 5000 feet with intermittent rain
showers during the afternoon. This report indicates cloud level 5000 ft above surface
which at place of sighting is approximately 7000 feet above sea level, making the cloud
surface approximately 12,000 feet. Winds aloft were north northwest at 10 to
15 miles per hour. Mr FOSTER stated that they had no reports for the area
immediately surrounding the place of sighting; but that the reported condition
was general throughout the area on the east side of the mountains during the
afternoon in question. As far as Mr FOSTER knew there were no observable celestial
phenomena occurring that might have been mistaken for the flight.

8. On 11 June 1949 at approximately 1210 hours, MST, Mr C. C. EVANS,
CAA Aircraft Communicator was contacted to ascertain if there any flights of
aircraft in the vicinity at the time of the reported sighting. A check of the records
failed to reveal any such flights. A check of the CAA maps by Mr EVANS revealed

-3-                             UNCLASSIFIED
```