The image does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned page from a document. Here is the text from the document:

---
19D OSI 24-37
DETAILS (Continued)

   Napa, California was interviewed she stated that on 28 October 1949,  at approximately 1250, while he and Mr  were hanging a canvas curtain in the west end of the  garage, rear of  service station, located at  the west of Napa, California, Mr   called her attention to a round silver object, directly overhead.  His attention to he was standing on a step ladder and, when she looked up, the saw a single object about the size of a single seater fighter type aircraft moving due North and traveling at a high rate of speed.  She stated this object was perfectly round, appeared to be manufactured of aluminum, flew straight and level  left no exhaust trail, and had no visible means of support.
   She estimated the height of this object to be about four thousand (4000) to five thousand (5000) feet altitude and that the object was in sight for about thirty (30) seconds, advised that if this object made no sound as it passed through the air and sight, if it had made any sound, he would have noticed as it was very quiet in the neighborhood at that time.
   She stated that he looked down at the ground for a second ad when he again looked up, the object had disappeared.  She advised that there were no clouds in the sky on this particular day and that this object could not have disappeared behind a cloud or cloud formation for this reason.  Have advised that he only other person who had seen this object was Mr.   his employer.  She volunteered the signed statement set forth verbatim below:

"On October 28, 1949 at 12:50 P.M. I sighted a perfectly round, aluminum colored disc, traveling at a speed that far greater than any airplane I have ever seen. At the time I sighted the object it was directly over Napa, and was traveling due North. I would estimate the height a about 4,000 feet. At the time I sighted the object I was at  Napa service station,  This object was called to my attention by Mr.   This object I was not able to relate to any know types of flying su ch this object any conventional parts of a regular airplane, such as, wings, tail, propeller, or engine. This object was in my sight approximately 30 seconds, and I lost sight of this object by looking down and back of this object by looking  down and back up again."

The original of the above statement is on file at D0/19, Fairfield-
Suisun AFB, California.

4. On 2 Novemb^r 1949 Mr. E. C. CONNORS, Napa Union High School and Reverend CLYD^ ^CLIFF, 1701 Lincoln ^ve, both of Napa, California advised they have know^n  for two (2)

                              -3-                  UNCLASSIFIED
---