The image appears to be of a typed document, and there are no photographs present. Here is the text exactly as it appears on the document:

---

again it had vanished.

At 3 o'clock I looked up again. There were two of the ovals 
almost overhead. Each one of them had a tail not anything like a plane,
just a shinning something that looked to be about one inch wide to me.
It was flexible, I could see it plainly. The ovals were going over
each other, then around each other then one of them would go under the
other one as they moved I could plainly see it each one of them had a
tail. I watched them maybe 3 minutes, while I watched, I decided they
were trying to get in position to hitch together. If those tails had
been fastened together they would be exactly like the first ones I saw
coming from the North. I did not watch to see which way they went. I 
had to meet the school bus. My duaghter [sic] come home about 3 o' clock. We
watched for ovals and saw 3 or 4 after she got home. All of them came
from the east. They were single ovals.

The ashes and spider web stuff came drifting. After each one
of them passed, it went on until about 4\30 o'clock.

We got one small piece of the web. It seems to be nothing but the
common spider web. I am sending it with the letter. Next morning the
webs were gone from the trees. It was just like nothing had happened.

I told my daughter to listen at school to find out if anyone
else saw the ovals. She said there was no talk of anyone seeing anything.

So far as I know my daughter and I were the only ones that saw
them. On Nov 1st about 1 o'clock, I looked up and saw another one of
the ovals. It was going south. A few flakes of the ashes stuff and
spider web came drifting down from the north. It seemed like I could
taste a bitter taste in my mouth, the bitter taste seemed to go on down
in my throat. I could not get rid of the bitter in my mouth and throat
for 2 days.

On Oct 27th when I saw the ovals, I tasted that bitter taste in 
my mouth. That day I thought perhaps I imagined the bitter taste, because
I was scared. The ovals, ashes and webs frightened me.

But after I saw that one on Nov 1st, and tasted the bitter taste
again, I knew I had not imagined it. I live in northeast Mississippi
about 25 miles northeast of Tupelo, Miss. If it will not be a lot of 
bother, would you let me know if there were any rockets or anything
like that streaking over northeast Miss. that day. I was scared when
I saw all I saw that afternoon, and please don't turn this over to the
papers. I do not wish to lead another flying saucer scare.

Yours truly

Katie Magers

---

Please note that there are a couple of words with possible typographical errors in the original text, such as "duaghter" which should possibly be "daughter".