The image appears to be a scanned page of a document and does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text content from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

STATEMENT

Vance Air Force Base, Enid, Oklahoma
5 October 1949

On the afternoon of 29 September 1949, at approximately
1445 hours CST, I was tying the gate in our back yard. Our
farm is located 6 miles west of Enid, Oklahoma. I heard a T-6
type airplane droning overhead; I naturally looked up to see
it, but the aircraft had passed from view. A gleam of light
caught my eye and I saw several objects circling overhead.
They would catch the rays of the sun and gleam like the silver
of an aircraft. I didn't know what they were as they were
strange. I ren into the house to get my dime store binoculars.
With the aid of the binoculars, I could see they were going in
a circle and I counted seven (7) objects. They pulled out of
the circle into a straight line very evenly spaced one behind
the other.

The objects traveled at a great rate of speed with a swing-
ing pendulum motion from side to side. They vanished into the
Northwest. The objects would vanish and reappear as the sun's
rays reflected from their bodies.

I immediately called Vance Air Force Base and reported
the sighting to one of the officials of the Base.

I returned to the yard to watch for more of the strange
objects. I saw another group of approximately fifty (50) to
one hundred (100). They came from the Southeast and vanished
to the Northwest. They were round like a record or plate with
a rounded top. I saw no traces of smoke nor could I see pro-
pellers. I heard no sounds such as those made by jet aircraft.
I could make out the round bird-like body with possible short
stubby wings. They seemed to be radio controlled or drawn by 
magnetic force. They were higher than the airplane that writes
Pepsi-Cola signs in the sky. Their speed was twice as fast as
a B-25 airplane.

Enid, Oklahoma

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

UNCLASS. FIJ BY AFIrWI TOV 1-P 

[Stamped] DEC 17 1980