There is no photograph present in the document you provided. However, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and provide the output of all the text found in the document:

```
HOLLOMAN AIR FORCE BASE                          UNCLASSIFIED
ALAMOGORDO, NEW MEXICO                            DMAF/SOI

16 May 1949

REPORT OF AN UNUSUAL (?) NATURAL (?) PHENOMENON

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN

On the night of May 12, 1949, while enroute from Holloman
Air Force Base to Alamogordo, New Mexico, in a two-door sedan, I noted
an atmospheric or celestial (?) phenomenon that I have been unable to
explain. I am still not entirely convinced that what I saw might have
been an optical illusion of an unusual character.

Shortly after leaving Holloman Base, I looked out toward the
Sacramento Mountains to the east. Time was about 9:30, possibly as early
as 9:15. I was watching the moon rise. At the moment, the moon had an
altitude of perhaps 15° - 20° above the top of the Sacramento ridge. The
moon was nearly full and the sky was bright. I was interested, therefore,
to see a bright star, perhaps 60° - 70° East from the moon. I wondered what
the star was. Then the sky is so bright that the fainter stars do not show,
I find it hard to locate the constellations. The star had a faint reddish
color.

As I watched for a minute or two, I became conscious of another
star considerably nearer the horizon. The star had a fuzzy appearance,
caused, I thought, by lower-level stratosphere haze. As I watched it not
within half a minute, a second star about three degrees to the South of
the first. I think the Northernmost star appeared first, but am not
completely sure.

My first impression was that the stars were Castor and Pollux,
of Gemini. Both increased in brightness rather slowly, which was not sur-
prising for a pair of stars rising; I watched for perhaps another minute
and suddenly became conscious of the fact that the stars couldn't have been
Castor and Pollux, because Gemini is in the most rational than the rest.
Furthermore, the size of the fuzzy images bothered me. They were, as far
as I could tell, very nearly identical in diameter, which was about one-
fourth the diameter of the full moon. The following picture, drawn from
memory about 12 hours later, depicts the approximate circumstances:

North  ↖︎              ✩ moon
                ✧ star
                    fuzzy stars
Here's Like
Line of the
Mountain Range

The fuzzy stars were three or four degrees above the horizon as defined by 
the mountain range.

UNCLASSIFIED
```