The image does not contain any photographs.

As for the text, here is an OCR output of the content:

---

2D OSI 24-39

DETAILS:

1. This investigation was requested by the Commander, Dcl. 720, Techord AFB, Washington, predicated upon receipt of information from 1st Lt. EDWAR KUNZMAN, AC-2027143, 318th Fighter Squadron, McChord AFB, to the effect that was like an air foil, colored red-orange, and appeared to be stationary with elevation approximately 15 degrees from the observer, directly south. It was observed for approximately ten seconds, then disappeared by decreasing in size, elevation remaining the same. The object was also observed by GEORGE * * *

2. This is a joint investigation of Special Agent JOSEPH C. LOHRMAN, CARTER O. COOPER, and the writer.

AT BELLINGHAM, WASHINGTON

3. On 20 August 1949, * * * was interviewed by Special Agent JOSEPH C. LOHRMAN, * * * Bellingham, Washington, and the following information was obtained; * * * stated that on 26 July 1949 at approximately 0015 hours, while standing outside his residence, the was returning to their home by auto, traveling north on * * * road, approximately six miles north of Bellingham, Washington, made a 90 degree turn to his left front northwest road on to Smith Road, traveling about fifteen miles per hour. For no particular reason, he glanced to his left and noted an object which appeared to be a burning aircraft. Lowering the car window and continuing to watch the object as he drove, the distance of six miles to the approximate size of the fuselage of a C-47 at the distance judged it to be. The object appeared to be at an approximate angle of 15 degrees above the horizon, and was egg shaped when first sighted, he watched for approximately ten seconds and the shape changed to a circular prior to its disappearance. e.g. described the color as red-orange and alight shod was stationary with no visible means of support, * * * observed no smoke, odor or sound. He stated that the sky was overcast, but there was a 100 to 1 chance that a clear cut opening in the overcast may have revealed the object for the ten seconds it was visible. The moon was not visible at any time event evening prior to or after the sighting. * * * was not able to determine the construction of the object or of what material or substance it was composed. The object faded from view by decreasing in size. * * *'s wife saw the object for approximately three seconds.

Special Agent LESLIE L. CLEVELAND conducted the following investigation:

4. Mr. O. W. BLANTON, Acting Officer in Charge, Civil Aeronautics administration, Bellingham Airport, Bellingham, Washington, was interviewed on 22 September 1949 at his office and securing the weather report for the 26th day of July 1949 noted the weather observance made at 0300 hours; "17,000 feet broken; 3,500 scattered; 15 miles visibility; pressure 14%"; temperature 56 degrees; and surface wind, south, 5 miles per hour. BLANC e.g. further stated that a ceiling light is used to determine the altitude of the clouds. This stationary light is turned on twice each hour during darkness while the weather is actually being observed. The light is very powerful and the beam is projected straight up. The weather report indicated th* stati * * * made on the lower clouds at

[The rest of the text is cut off in the image presented]

---