There are no photographs present in this image. The image contains a text-based document. Here is the text output as if I were an OCR system:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT: Visit to WADC

Facts and Discussion

1. On 4 Nov 52 Capt E. J. Ruppelt and Lt R. M. Olsson visited Col Hood, chief
of the Nuclear Powered Aircraft Branch of WADC. Prevuous to this visit, Col Hood
had contacted ATIC in regard to certain sightings of UFO's at Oak Ridge National
Laboratory, Tennessee, in which he and a Naval officer had attempted to obtain cor-
relation between sightings and peaks in radiation backgrounds.

2. Col Hood stated that in Jul 50, the person who was then head of the Phy-
sics Department at Vanderbilt University (Col Hood could not recall his name, but
stated he would find out and notify ATIC) said that he believed there might be
some correlation between sightings of UFO's and increases in radiation. Col Hood
and a Naval officer became interosted and attempted to correlate these occurances.

3. To effect this correlation, they went to a radar site at the Knoxville
Airport (now an ADC Squadron – he did not know for sure whether or not it was
ADC at that time) and got a copy of their log of unknown tracks. They then got
the records from several radiation monitoring stations in the Oak Ridge area and
attempted to make a correlation. Their attempts to correlate the data were not
too successful. The radiation detection equipmnt that was used was the standard
equipment set up to monitor the background count in four separate areas at the
laboratory. One type of counter measured alpha radiation and one type gamma ra-
diation (these were not the directional types of coincidence counters used at Los
Alamos). Col Hood stated that approximately three times per month, peaks would
be recorded on the tapes, sometimes on other the alpha counter or gamma counter
and sometimes on both simultaneously. They took these peaks and the unknown radar
pickup and in some cases were able to correlate them. No written record was made
or kept, consequently, the percent correlation is not known.

4. Col Hood gave the name of a Mr. E. Bettis of the Oak Ridge National Labo-
ratory who could possibly give more details. Mr. Bettis is an electronics spe-
cialist on the NEPA project.

5. The possibility of detecting the passage of a nuclear powered aircraft
was discussed. Col Hood stated that ground counters would definitely register if
such an aircraft passed overhead. He said that if he remembered correctly, it
had been computed that the aircraft being designed in the U.S. would give 1 Rontgen
from an altitude of 50'. This is not dangerous if taken instantaneously. (For
persons continually exposed, 1/8 of this is the limit.) This 1 Rontgen at 50'
off with the square of the distance or k/r² de distance. That normally the
shielding determines how much radiation would be detected on an unshielded mis-
sile the level would rise by a factor of 10⁵. As far as can be determinind, this
would be the only way to detect a nuclear powered aircraft as the configuration is
completely convetional.

UNCLASSIFIED

SECURITY INFORMATION
```