There is no photograph included in the provided image. Here is the text:

```
                         UNCLASSIFIED

General Remarks

   In general, it is noted that few, if any, reports
indicate the the observed objects make any noise or radio
interferences. Nor are there many indications of any material
effects or physical damage attributable to the observed of-
jects.

   Summary -- PART I

   This report will consider mainly the reports of Groups
1 and 2.

PART II -- ON POSSIBLE EXPLANATIONS OF THE REPORTS

   Section A -- What can be deduced concerning the nature of
an unknown aerial object from a single sighting?

   Here, there are two problems: first, how much can be
deduced concerning the nature of the objects from geometrical 
calculations alone; second, how much more can be deduced if, 
in addition, it is assumed that the objects obey the laws of
nature as we know them.

   Concerning the first problem, it can be stated that only
ratios of lengths, and rates of change of such ratios, can be
accurately determined. Thus, the range and size of such ob-
jects cannot be determined; and it is not clear that the shapes
or size of the observed objects are widely at variance. How-
ever, angles, such as the angle subtended by the object, can
be observed. Likewise there is fair agreement among several 
observers that the diameter of the objects of Group 1 is about
ten times their thickness. Although velocity cannot be deter-
mined, angular velocity can be, and in particular the flutter
frequency could, in prinicple, be determined.

   All that can be concluded about the range and size of the
objects, from geometrical considerations alone, is: 1) from
the fact that estimated sizes vary so widely, the objects were
actually either of different sizes, or more likely, that they
were far enough from the observers so that binocular vision
produced no stereoscopic effect; this only means that they
were farther off than about thirty feet; 2) since objects were
seen to disappear behind trees, buildings, clouds, etc., they
are large enough to be visible at the ranges of those recog-
nizable objects.

   Now, It is obviously of prime importance to estimate the
size and mass of the observed objects. This may be possible
to some extent if it is permissible to assume that they obey
the laws of physics. Since the objects have not been observed

                         UNCLASSIFIED - s-11750
                                 20
```