The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page of a text document.

Here is the text from the document as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Of course, if we allow the Martians to refuel, the vehicle 
could have only two stages* and the gross weight would be only
(100)2 = 123 times the payload, i.e., 250,000 pounds. This would 
require bringing electrolytic and refrigerating equipment and sitting 
at the South Pole long enough to extract fuel for the homeward journey, 
since they have not asked us for supplies. Our oceans (electrolysis
to make H2) would be obvious to Martian telescopes and they might 
conceivably follow such a plan, particularly if they came here without 
foreknowledge that Earth has a civilization.

Requirements for a trip from a planet attached to some star 
other than the Sun can be calculated in a similar manner. Here the 
energy (or velocity) required has more parts: (a) to escape from the
planet to be escaped from to reach (c) reciprocal to traverse a 
few light years of space in reasonable time (d) decel at ion toward 
the Sun (e) deceleration toward the Earth. The nearest "eligible" 
star is an object called Wolf 359 (see reference 4, p 52), at a 
distance of 8.0 light years. It is small, having an absolute magni-
tude of 16.6 and is typical of "red dwarfs" which make up more 
than half of the eligible portulits. By comparison with similar
stars of known mass, this star is estimated to have a mass roughly
0.03 as great as the sun. Since the star has a luminosity (being
much cooler and smaller than the Sun) a habitable planet would need 
to be in a small orbit for warmth.

Or the chances of energy required as listed in the preceding 
paragraph, item (c), other trip to traverse intervening space, is so 
large as to make the vehicles completely negligible. If the visitors
were long lived and could "hibernate" for 50 years both to coming and 
going, then 1/10 the speed of light would be required, i.e., the 
enormous velocity of 18,000 miles per second. This is completely 
beyond the reach of any predicted level of rocket propulsion.

If a race were far enough advanced to make really efficient use
of nuclear energy, then a large part of the mass of the nuclear ma-
terial might be converted into jet energy. We have no idea how 
to do this, in fact reference 6 indicates that the material required
to withstand the temperatures, etc., may be fundamentally unattain-
able. Let us start from a jet-propellant-to-gross-weight ratio of 
.75, i.e. the total amount of expended material (nuclear plus propellend
etc) can be 85 of the gross weight, then the nuclear material exploded 
can be 0.60 of the gross. Using an efficiency of 5 for conversion of 
nuclear energy to jet energy and neglecting relativistic mass cor-
rections, then a rocket velocity of half the velocity of light could 
be attained. This would mean a transit time of 16 years each way from 
the star Wolf 359, or longer times from the other eligible stars. To try 
to go much faster would mean spending much energy on relativistic changes 
in mass and therefore operating at lowered efficiency.

* Actually three stages. On the trip to Earth the first stage would 
be filled with fuel, the second stage would contain partial fuel, the 
third would be empty. The first stage would be thrown away during the 
flight. On the trip back to Mars, the second third stages would be 
filled with fuel. The gross weight of the initial vehicle would be of
the order of magnitude of a two-stage rocket.

UNCLASSIFIED
S-11750
```
