The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a typewritten document, related to a UFO sighting report. I will transcribe the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

Terrain, elevations, population, etc., in area: SEL flew at 9000' MSL which was even with most of the terrain surrounding the plane. Towards the end of logging when he had begun to come down he was at most on a level with the altitude.

The valley through which SEL flew north, and the objects flew south, is rough: 12 miles wide. The floor of the valley is between 4000' to 5000' in elevation. The east side of the valley is mountains that start out instantly to 500' from an elevation and in a sand or an allongialed [sic] tuft, which has an almost sheer drop of around 1000'. The bluffs, etc., and the contrasting bright white snow objects stand out in color: The objects stood out in contrast to the dark color. The objects appeared to be suspended so to.

A high rim of the bluff on the east side of the valley is about 7000' in elevation. From rim of bluff the objects (at 9000' elevation) they were rou;ghly in line with the rim of the bluff (7000'). Assuming the objects were only (1) to three (3) miles away from the bluff-rim, they were probably flying at about 6000' MSL, and about 3500' above the valley floor.

The valley where sighted the objects is sparsely populated, however, there are a number of ranches there - more than are indicated on the Boise (Wash) aeronautical Chart. Believes that if persons living in the valley were questioned, chances are several might be found who saw the objects from the ground.

Although this valley any times in going between California and Oregon and does not recall ever having seen another airplane in the valley where he sighted the objects. The valley is not a commerical [sic] runway route, and is seldom used by private planes. SEL does not recall ever seeing any automobiles on the dirt roads in the valley, shown as such on the Boise (W-2) section aeronautical chart.

Number and Formation of objects: At the beginning of observation, when the objects were a few degrees to the starboard of dead ahead, SEL could not distinguish seperate [sic] objects - all he saw were reflections; however, as he came closer and passed them by 5-1/2 to 7-1/2 miles he definitely say six (6) or seven (7) separate objects to be on the safe side, although he was with positiveness that there were no less than five (5) objects and no more than six (6) eight."

The objects were always in file formation (one behind the other) and there appeared to be no change in altitude of the formation. The space between the lead object and the next one was three or four times the length of one of the objects. The distance between the second and the following objects was between one-half and two-thirds the length of the objects. Accordingly, if the objects were 20' in length, the distance between all and #2 was 60 to 80 feet, and the distance between #2 and the others was between 10 and 17 feet. The distance between the objects appeared very constant. The objects were so close and appeared to keep their fromation [sic] in a manner which indicated they might have been under tow by the leading objects. At the distance of sighting, no connection; if there was any, could possibly have been observed. SEL is positive that the objects were separate objects because he was able to see terrain between them. The formation did not flauctuate [sic] in flight as the objects flew very evenly and steadily. When SEL last saw the objects they were going out of visual range on the horizon."

Weather and visibility at time of observation: Visibility was exceptionally good. SEL could see Harney Lake, 60 miles distant, and could see stack rolling from a saw mill at Burns, Oregon, 75 miles distant. There were a few scattered clouds at

[The document is cut off and the rest is not visible]

ENCLAS
--- 

Please note there may be a few errors in transcription due to the quality of the text and typographical errors within the document itself.