The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page of an old document with text only.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

---

150 IN?-2

(Cont'd)
DETAILS:
Line. He described the object further as being either a very bright reflection or
light such as is made by a power arc light.  said that he had
had a phobia about falling stars since childhood and for that reason was quite ex-
cited by what he had witnessed.  wife and brother,  substantiated the
points that  had run over to his,  house and told him what he had seen,
indicating out the smoke or vapor left by the object.  reported the
incident to the Sheriff's Office at Logan, Utah.  smoke and vapor, according to
the two brothers, was visible for about fifteen minutes.  Neither of the
brothers heard any sound of an explosion.

10. On 5 April 1949, Patrolman  Utah State Highway Patrol,
Logan, Utah was interviewed and stated that he happened to glance up into the sky
and saw two trails of vapor or smoke approximately two to five long, traveling southwestward at about the same elevation. The smoke or vapor trails were parallel to each other, above one another, bluish-white in color and approximately 11,000 or 12,000 feet MSL.  the object after looking up and seeing these phenomena,  and his wife,  heard and felt a rather strong explosion,  indicated that he thought at
the time that the explosion was from blasting in the area but later ascertained
that there had been no blasting in that region at the time.  timated the trails of his observation of the smoke trails at 1000 hours MSL.

11. On 5 April 1949, west of Corinne, Mantua, Utah was interviewed and stated
that he was about five miles west of Corinne, Utah when he heard and explosion which attracted his attention to a puff of smoke or vapor in the air and an unestimated distance to the south from where he stood.  indicated that the explosion was felt slightly and that the smoke or vapor apparently generated by it stay ed in
the air for quite a while. A small firecracker, according to  could
have left the amount of smoke he observed. He placed the time of his observation at 1000 hours MSL and thought the altitude of the smoke to be around 17,000 feet MSL.  did not see any object other than the smoke or vapor.

AT CORINNE, UTAH (AFD BRIGHAM CITY, UTAH)

12. On 6 April 1949, Mr.  Corinne, Utah was interviewed and stated
that about 1000 hours MST he was working on a tractor in the backyard of his home
when he heard and felt a terrific explosion in the air overhead. The force of the
explosion rattled the windows in his home, causing his wife to run out into the yard
in alarm.  stated that he looked up and saw a burst of smoke hanging station-
ary in the air at about fifteen or twenty thousand feet MSL only slightly south of
where he stood.  home is five (5) miles west of Corinne, Utah)

AT BRIGHAM CITY, UTAH

13. On 6 April 1949,  employee of International Harvester Com-
pany, Brigham City, Utah was interviewed and stated that he had heard an explosion
and saw two (2) puffs of smoke south of Corinne, Utah at approximately 1000 hours MST.

---