The image provided doesn't contain any photographs. It is a text document. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

-----
UNCLASSIFIED
The estimated speed of the object was approximately 1500 miles per hour.

The object when sighted was an estimated 30,000 feet above terrain. When last seen it was perhaps somewhat lower than at first.

Visibility was 60 miles plus. There were no clouds and there was no moon.

Mr. ̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲ was flying a Grumman Mallard plane, which has a cruising speed of 170 mph; however, at the time the object was sighted, the plane was in a climb position and the speed was approximately 140 mph. The elevation of Mr. ̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲'s plane was 1500 feet were terrain and 4500 feet above sea level. The direction of flight of ̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲'s plane was 350 degrees true.

The length of time that the object was observed was approximately 1/35 seconds. The color of the exhaust of the object was blue-gray, which got deeper in color as the object descended, probably caused by the object coming closer. There appeared to be a bluish vapor behind the object. A trail of smoke would not leave enough evidence to identify it even though the visibility was unusual and above average.

Mr. ̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲'s opinion as to what the object was: He believed it to be a rocket from Muroc or a guided missile from Inyokern.

Note: The office of Naval Research of Los Angeles is very strongly of the opinion that neither Inyokern or Muroc had any missiles or test aircraft in the air at that time and/or location or were conducting any sighting of the unidentified object.

Mr. ̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲ stated that it was impossible to hear any sound of the object from his position, and that its final dissipation to the color, but it appeared to be dark or black. The object appeared to be box-like and less discernible when it appeared to be checking its decent with a large flash forward of its descending movement.

Besides Mr. ̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲, the other observers who saw the object are Ir. ̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲ and Mrs. ̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲, the other observers who sat sitting in the rear of the aircraft and after it was decided not to be a star or meteorite, Mr. ̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲ called her forward to witness the spectre. All agreed that the witnessed object was not a star or meteorite.

The course of the object was definitely steady and directional. Mr. ̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲ was unable to tell whether the object revolved.

The object when first sighted was about 50 miles away, and later about 20 miles.

Mr. ̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲ judged the estimate of height from the angle of his aircraft in climb and from having been in that approximate angle on other occasions during daylight hours while witnessing jet or rocket craft over the desert areas.

Mr. ̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲ estimated the speed of the object by mentally computing the approximate distance travelled and from watching previous expositions in the desert area.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DDO 520
-----

The numerous redactions (represented here with the placeholder ̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲̲) indicate that specific names and sensitive details have been removed from the document before release.