There are no photographs on this page. The page appears to be a typewritten document with some sections redacted. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

---

50 2J-21X
PROJECT "GRUDGE"

DETAILS:

1. This investigation predicated upon Routing and Record Sheet from the Acting Chief, Analysis Division, Intelligence Department, IC/AXS, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, dated 14 July 1949, confirmed telephone call from Mr. [REDACTED] on 11 July 1949, requesting investigation of the sighting of an aerial object at approximately 1915 hours on 10 July 1949 in the vicinity of 431 East Stroop Road, Dayton, Ohio.

AT DAYTON, OHIO

2. On 21 July 1949, Mrs. [REDACTED] of Dayton, Ohio, was interviewed and stated in substance that at approximately 1915 hours on 10 July 1949, while sitting in her yard, she observed an object in the southeast which looked like a kite. Subsequent examination of the object through a pair of binoculars confirmed the belief that same was a kite, even though she did not see neither the string nor the tail. According to Mrs. [REDACTED] the kite seemed to be drifting with the wind but was not moving a great deal. The object maintained its general direction until it became dark to see it.

3. Mrs. [REDACTED] and Mrs. [REDACTED] of Dayton, Ohio, were interviewed on 21 July 1949 and substantiated the above information. In addition, both interviewees advised that they had discussed this matter with their husbands and if present their husbands would volunteer the same information.

4. Mr. [REDACTED] and Mr. [REDACTED] were interviewed on 26 July 1919 relative to the predicating information. Informants advised that the object was observed through high power binoculars and there was no question in their minds that the object was a box kite. According to informants the string and tail were visible. Both agreed as to time and place of seeing the object. Mr. [REDACTED] added that he observed the same object on 9 July 1949 and it was in the same general direction.

5. On 1 August 1949, Mr. [REDACTED] was interviewed. Mr. [REDACTED] stated in substance that the object was studied by him through binoculars and in his opinion same was a large box kite. Informant agreed as to time and place of seeing the object.

CLOSED

UNCLASSIFIED

--- 

Please note that several names and potentially sensitive details have been redacted with black bars.