There are no photographs present on the provided page of the document. 

Below is the text present on the document:

```
Page 2                              Incident 362

Name and address of observer: Amos Laboratory, Moffett Field, Calif.

Occupation and hobbies: 

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

Appeared very reliable, not easily excitable.

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

On 24 June 1949, in an interview with the Ames Laboratory, Moffett Field, California,
National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, Ames Laboratory, the following information was ascertained; On Tuesday, 24 May 1949, at 1700, P.S.T., Mr. and four (4) other persons, while fishing two (2) miles upstream (east) of the mouth of the Rio River, at approximately the same direction and distance from the town of Gold Beach, Oregon, sighted an object which is described as follows: When first sighted it appeared to be a giant aircraft four (4) miles away there was a some 5000 feet above the ground which at that point was at sea level or approximately 50 feet. The object was mentioned through a pair of 6-power Navy type binoculars. Observation time about 90 to 120 seconds. Object appeared round jet shiny, more than like a fifty-cent piece, viewed from below and to one side. Object's color was silvery and it appeared round in a plan view. The object seemed to be solid with no visible openings and was about 30 feet in diameter as nearly as could be judged. Just before vanishing it had a bluish flash to the observer's job would tilt on its vertical axis with no tilting or banking and started to move in a southeastern direction. There was no sign of exhaust or propeller; no driving force could be seen or felt and no sound was heard. The object at no time contacted or came any closer than 5000 feet, approximately, to the earth, and when last seen was disappearing in a southeasterly direction, accelerating to an approximate speed of a jet plane. There were no perturbations other than a slight film which seemed to start antistatic and gone back flush with the trailing edge viewed as the ship drifted. No radio antenna or (indistinct, parts missing), or any other appurtenances, a disk or opening were visible. The only land mark near the sighting point was a rock formation locally known as "Elephant Rock", approximately 700 yards East, of where the boat in which the observer and party were anchored.

```

Please note that some words were partially obscured or missing and are indicated by descriptions such as "(indistinct, parts missing)".