The image provided does not contain a photograph; it is a page of text from a document.

Here is the text output from the document:

faster than the ovals I had seen fastened together. It seemed about a
foot in size. It would turn the end in the direction it was going. In
3 or 4 seconds the side would turn in that direction. It did not turn
all the way around. It just seemed to swing half way around. It had
passed overhead. I saw it jar, seemed like it stopped. I thought it
was going to change its course, but it did not. A small bright some-
thing shot from the oval. It went southeast. It went much faster 
than the oval. It was about the size of a large star. It was bright
like a star. It was not large enough for me to see the shape it was.

I looked from the star-like object back to where the oval was.
It had vanished. I did not see it again.

In a minute the stuff like ashes was drifting among the trees.
It seemed to be coming down. I did not see a piece come to the ground.
I thought it was landing on the leaves. Then something like spider
web came down when it came down in the open I could see it go to the
ground in the trees it caught on the leaves and shined. I could see
it hanging in the trees.

When I looked up again there was another one of the ovals; it
was going in a southwest direction. I did not see what direction it
came from. It was overhead when I saw it. It seemed to fravel about
a half way around and then back. I saw it jar and jerk like the
other one did. Then the star-like object shot from the oval. It went
in a southeast direction very fast. It was some distance from the
large oval. Bright things no larger than single strands of spider
web came from each side of the large oval. They came from the oval at a 
curve. They were so bright and so many of them it hurt my eyes to look
at them. There seemed to be millions coming from the oval. They shined
like spider web in the sun. In a moment after it has gone another
looked like flakes of ashes, were coming down. They were like the other
pieces I had seen. Then the spider web stuff came down. It looked like 
Xmas decoration on the trees where it came down in the open. I could see
it after it got to the ground. It seemed like it covered everything
as far as I could see there was as much shining web as there would be
rain in a big rain. All the afternoon the single ovals went over. I
would see one every ten or fifteen minutes. They were single ovals. I
did not see any more fastened together. They came from the east and
north.

While I was watching it a plane was coming from the west. That
the plane was not very far from the oval, I saw the oval jar or jerk
the star-like object shot from the oval, it went west. I looked at the
plane to see if it would change course or speed as it was not very high
the oval. I hoped the pilot would see the oval, but the plane did not
change speed. I looked back to where the oval was but did not see it

2