The image does not contain any photographs; it is a page with typewritten text. Below is the output of all the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

19D OSI 24-28

DETAILS (cont'd)

3. On 6 September 1949, in an interview with Captain
 -------, of -------, a Commercial passenger
fishing boat for Jerry's Bait Shop, the following information
was ascertained; On Monday, 1 August 1949, at approximately
1430 hours, FST, -------, who was a passenger on the
boat and a known to Captain ------- as being an emergency
boatman was known, San Francisco, California, called his
attention to several objects (four or more) in the sky. At
this time the fishing boat was approaching San Francisco in
the main ship channel of the Golden Gate, was approximately
200 yards South of No. 2 Buoy, tnc was due East of the San
Francisco Light Ship. At this time the objects were approximately nine (9) miles away, laterally, at an angle of elevation from the horizon of 45° to 50°, in a due North direction.
The sighting time was less than one minute. Objects
were described as being silver in color, and having a square
shape, approximately that of a box kite. Construction seemed
to be solid, and the size, as is compared from Captain ------- view was twelve (12) inches square. The direct sun of mid-light
was approximately of SSE and appeared to be climbing. There
was no evidence of exhaust, no effect on clouds, no lights
were noticed, either reflected or attached, no aero dynamic
support was visible other than shape of object. There was
no evidence of any means of propulsion, either propellor or
jet, no fins or stabilizers were noticed and no slots or
duct openings were visible. No sound was heard, and the
speed was estimated as at jet speed or better. These objects
defied gravity.

NOTE: Discrepancies in the shape, altitude, and direction of
flight, between air. -------'s version and Captain -------
version were noted and questioned. Both were convinced of
the accuracy of their own statements.

4. On 6 September, 1949, Mr. -------
Street, Jerry's Bait Shop, San Francisco California, stated
that Mr. -------, a seaman, worked for him for approximately
ten (10) years, as a sales clerk and that Captain -------
had been employed by him as Captain of his commercial passenger

- 3 -

UNCLASSIFIED
```