The image provided is a scanned page of a typewritten document and does not contain any photographs.

As requested, here is the text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
2-39

As the result of the emergency landing, four fence posts bent completely
out of shape, and forty-five feet of fencing badly mangled, torn loose
and stretched.  As the pilot was a civilian, the matter was referred
to the F. B. I., and a report submitted from San Antonio Field Office
of that organization indicates the pilot to have been CHARLES DEVINE
CARLOT, residing at 1316 Wallace Street, Taylor Texas.  The aircraft
was a Bellanca Monowing, red in color, No. 1403.  Investigation by
the F. B. I. indicated nothing unfavorable regarding subject's loyalty
to the United States.

7. On 6 June 1949, 1st Lieut. VIRGIL M. WILLIAMS, l3####th Balcony,
AAFBA BN, and 2nd Lieut. MARTIN L. JONES, HQ Battery, 4th AAA Bn,
Camp Hood, Texas, observed aerial light.  The observers were at Artillery
OP No. 2, Camp Hood, Texas, map coordinates 9133-6955-7530.  Time of ob-
servation was approximately 2107 hours.  Object was in sight for two
minutes and forty seconds.  Object was described as being initially one,
disintegrating into smaller particles and last slightly.  The size was
2 to 3 inches in 50C scope.  Object was approximately one mile above
the surface, described as being yellow emitting dual or orange glow
color, similar to a ball of fire.  Object observed through BC Scope,
and initially appeared stationary, then moved in low flight, being
tracked with constant turns on BC Scope.  The object seemed to disinte-
grate into smaller objects which disappeared in a fraction of a second.
The sky was overcast, but the object was described as being dull as a
flashlight with black-out disk.  No sound or odor was observed.

8. Same date object was observed by Lieut. EDWARD G. RAYNERT, ****
ii Battery, 92d AFA Br, and Lieut. ALFED H. JONES, "H" Battery, 92d AFA
Bn., Camp Hood, Texas, from Artillery OP Post 10, Camp Hood,
Texas, map cordinates 915.390 - 657.700.  The second set of observers
indicated the object to have been one, perhaps two side by side, round
in shape and yellow or orange in color.  Size was about that of a dime
held at arms length.  Observers stated object was fairly dull until
it burst, and upon bursting parts went up and down and faded out.  No. 1 observed object on an azimuth of 20 mils, and No. 2 observed
on an azimuth 2771 mils.  Report on form "Guide to Investigation,
Unidentified Aerial Objects" furnished by both sets of observers to
AIC through Fourth Army.  Copies of these reports are on file in D. O.
IO. 10.

9. On 13 June 1949, 1st Lieut. LES R. CANTREARY, Hq. 92d AAA
Bn, Camp Hood, "Texas, observed aerial light at approximately 2015 hours.
Observer was walking south on 162nd Street, near intersection of HQ.,
Avenue, Camp Hood, Texas, and saw one bright light in the sky, the size
of a flaring; described as being dull in color with a blue tail.

UNCLASSIFIED
4