The image you've provided does not contain any photographs. It contains a text document related to an old UFO report from Project Blue Book. I will transcribe the text as it appears on the document.

```
UNCLASSIFIED
Ltr Hq AAA & Cil Ctr, Ft Bliss, Texas, ATTN: AFAA 452.1, dtd 2 Jun 49, subject,
Unconventional Aircraft

16. Luminosity: Surface was highly reflective.

19. Projections: None

20. Maneuvers: Turning slowly on longitudinal axis

21. Manner of disappearance: Disappeared in clouds

22. Effect of clouds: None

23. Additional information concerning object: None

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: Clear
bright light; wind, 10 MPH; scattered clouds.

Names and addresses of witnesses:

Pfc ------------
Pvt ------------
Headquarters Battery, 1st Gt Regt, Fort Bliss, Texas

Occupations and hobbies: Persons listed above are in the
military service.

Comments of interrogator relative to intelligence and
character of observer:

Subjects listed seem reasonably intelligent and reliable.

IFO Reports.

Did observer wear glasses, especially pclaroid glasses at time
of sighting or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent
material: No glasses were worn or used.

GENERAL

1. Teletype sequences of local weather conditions: Clouds, broken,
25,000 feet; humidity, 19%; visibility, 60 miles, W 10 knots; temperature,
90°; dew point, 31.

2. Winds aloft report: West at 6 knots per hour.

3. Adiabatic chart for period in question: None available.

3. Local flight schedules of commercial, private and military
aircraft flying in vicinity at time). Biggs Air Force Base reported an F51
type fighter in the area approximately 1330 hours. Pilot did not observe
unusual object. Report from White Sands Proving Ground was negative. 
No reports on unusual objects have been received from local agencies.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 5 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

This document seems to be part of a formal report detailing an observation of an unconventional aircraft, including witness information, environmental conditions, and other investigation notes related to the sighting.