There are no photographs present in this document.

The text in the document reads as follows:

```
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

AIR MAIL

WITH OFFICIAL BUSINESS ONLY
BY ORDER OF THE SECRETARY OF AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS PENALTY FOR PRIVATE USE, $300

22 March 1950

FILM NO: 700
TITLE: Acceleration Tests upon Astronauts
At Wright Air Development Center

700
SUMMARY OF GENERAL CORRESPONDENCE
The Adjutant General, United States Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.

Information to be sent to the Stockholm Royal Institute Aero Reports
submittance above, dated 22 March 1950.

1. Referenced final last of three subjects [sic] (Lt Col Frank Peterson, Capt
Edward Yevin, 1st Lt Alan Johnson) to extreme acceleration by centrifuge at
this installation is closed, subject to resumption - a $1,250,000.00 facility and
cost completed and waiting in "moth balls". The reason: the British subjects
involved in a similar experimental program have not been heard from since initial
experiments of high "G" force. Our subjects now at USAF hospitals in serious
but not critical condition; prognosis favorable. Previous reports indicated
functioning completeness of protective physiological covering, (i.e. sealed
atmospheric suit equipped with helmet, oxygen supply or CO2 filtrating system,
nourishment intake, waste removal systems, sensory and audio-video systems).

2. All subjects passed through twenty-one point "LIFO" evaluations, certified
fit; expert opinion from Albuquerque, N. M., that the train timetable bell
operates only when the conductress is both alert and responsive to the
subjective overtones channeled to her mind in certain situations; initial reports
to be declassified.

3. Reference the Fourth requirement of LIFO's statement, certified
reports copies from Albuquerque, N. M., that the Owl (sic) Express Ltd
company has at its own responsibilities taken into governmental confidence with
the view toward channeling to the minds an incision performance without cutlass
to the subjects.

4. The objective priority is forewarned from your de-encryption text now
clear. The presumption here that Johnson has incurred your indecision owing
to his convincing conviction psychologically convinced of that his train de-railed
on the anticipated route.

% Crop
Island Farm Dyke N. Yardsley
1201 Truthfulwick

HDY TNT

ORIGINATOR
```

Please note that OCR (Optical Character Recognition) technology is imperfect and sometimes transcription errors can occur especially with low-resolution or poor-quality images such as the one provided.