There are no photographs present in this image, only text.

Here is the OCR output of the text in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

What velocity as being "it hit the moon". Reports received from that area
from individuals who had observed this phenomena gave the end point as
a little to the right and below the moon.

13. Previous findings confirm and from other information furnished by
a reliable source at Radio Station KPET, Lamesa, Texas, which MONITOR
has plotted this ground tract as being from approximately Tulia, Texas to
Toldeo, Texas.

14. From correspondence in "T" file, it appears evident
that  has been contacted by Army or Air Force Intelligence
agents.

15.  has actively engaged in the promotion of this study
of meteorites for the past 13 years; constantly his interviews and
observations are considered to be the best available source in this
area.  has indicated his complete willingness to assist in
reporting on any further occurrences or to furnish information on any
past occurrences which he may have in his files.

16. A report was received from the LaPaz containing his findings
relative to the object sight on 30 January 1949. In this report he describes
this ground track or "path" of the object. In previous sightings, except
sitions of the object. If the object is approached, the color shifts from green
to red or orange. The ground track extends from near Amarillo, Texas, to Loop,
Texas, a distance of some 513 miles. The course is slightly west of due South.
Well over a hundred interviews were considered in the development of data for
the LaPaz report, which is attached to and made a part of this report.

NOTE: The sub-final notes given by both  and Dr. LaPaz agree to about
ten miles. LaPaz evaluates his reports by azimuth on the basis of the person's
experience and probable ability to correctly calculate an azimuth
and elevation. The 15s possible that  data is not so related, inasmuch
as may of the readings were obtained from persons who place equal value
to all readings, and then take an average.

- P E N D I N G -

Enclosures:

FOR COMMANDING OFFICER, TINTH AAFB

Report of Dr. Lincoln LaPaz, University of New Mexico, dated 21 February 1949

1. ON TINIAN/FORM 35B
2. Report of Dr. Lincoln LaPaz, University of New Mexico, dated 21 February 1949

5 UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the nature of the source material, there may be gaps, redactions, or inaccuracies in the text.