There are no photographs present on this document page. Here is the text output as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

in 1949 was heard by two men. An aerial and ground search conducted in 
the vicinity of Vanesa, Texas, for physical evidence was negative. A
report from a team was obtained in Amarit, Texas, reporting a sound ac-
companiment with the aerial phenomena, was obtained.

DETAILS:

1. A telephone call from Mr. --------, Administrative
Supervisor, DO #17, Kirtland AFB, Kirtland Field, New Mexico, on the 
morning of 31 January 1949, instructed this office to ascertain the azi-
muth, elevation, and direction of a peculiar light observed near Walker
AFB at 1755 hours, 30 January 1949, by ------

2. This is a joint report of Special Agents JACK B. WILLIAMS, 
LEWIS S. RICKETT, and the writer.

AT ROSWELL, NEW MEXICO

3. The Municipal Airport, Sheriff's Office, and Police Depart-
ment of Roswell, New Mexico, were contacted on 31 January 1949 and ad-
vised that no report had been received in their agencies of an aerial
phenomena the preceding day. The Continental, Pioneer, and Charter 
Serving Airlines stated on this date that no flares had been utilized
by any of their personnel in or near Roswell.

AT WALKER AFB, ROSWELL, N NEW MEXICO

1. --------- 
Agent of Office of Special Investigations, Walker AFB, Roswell, New Mex-
ico, were interviewed on 31 January 1949 and the following facts obtained:
On 30 January 1949 at 1755 hours, a bluish-green light resembling a flare
was observed travelling in an horizontal line in this vicinity out of the 
North headed South at an estimated altitude of 2,000 feet, moving slowly,
and disappeared in the vicinity of SE Walker Air Force Base. To some 
observers, this phenomena disappeared in its entirety while other state-
ments mentioned a disappearance as a disintegration into a shower of
smaller lighted fragments such as a shower of sparks. The only sound
accompanying this object was heard by Sgt McCrary, who described it as
a high pitched whining noise similar to that of a blowtorch. All of
these observers sighted this light from a position West of the while
facing East.

2. Obtaining the services of an engineer's transit, the follow-
ing information was secured by making a reading from points of observa-
tion:

First observed at 52° magnetic, 
Last observed at 57° magnetic,
Elevation on 22°

-2- UNCLASSIFIED
```