The image does not contain any photographs, it is a page with text from a report document.

As requested, I will function as an OCR system and provide the output of the text from the document:

---

with a slight lateral motion ri{'ht and left. Object uas described
as beiñ dull in luminosity: weather was clear vĩth light winds from
the south. No optical instruments ùre used in observatìon.

4. On 23 May 1949, at armoxiñate1y 100() hours, s
and *&th Hedìum Tank Battalion, *th Company, Camp Hood, Texas,
Hood, Texas, were on duty at Observation Post i 1, map coordinate
911-0-5650, and obsu-rved an ob,iect dir-hvnd fro hv;ñ between the
size of a star rnd the moon, or eboúð the size of an automobile head-
li ht It was round vith blurred edges and had a yellowish tinêe to
its color. Ob;ect rvas more than a mile away and ùas north-ùssi of the
observers; remained in si ht for one or tũo minutes and moved from
left to right at a slow sdeed lts color was dull like a "flashli ht
covered by vellow paper". . . another wìtne spni lnith a light wind from
the south, Nrìth a si{all amount of hiù-t. .to optical instrunents were
used, object moved in level r1i ht line iroradic direction to A-IC by
Fourth Army, and copy retained in files of D. O. No. 10.

5. On 23 May 1949, betvleen the hours 2330 and 0030, three
observers saw a recurring li ht. Observers rvere
HQ & Sv. Co., 1 [2 H], Camp Hood, Texarse
"B" Company, Lz ATB, Camp Hood, Texas, and
'rn" Company, Le AtB. D-i
42nd ATB, Camp Hood, Texas. Object appeared and then re-appeared
several times. Described as bejnN the si-e of a light bulb when held
at arm's length, round in shape, and vith a color of that of a li;ht
bulb at a distance. Time of sĩhtinù was armoxìmately one minute,
and movement was straig-ht up and doivn aï slow speed. v.̃eather ùas
clear with southerly uinds, and a sli ht haze. No sound or odor
was observed. No tral not end s1io nro;ectìons seen on object by
observers. Individual reorts from each of the three observers fur-
nished A-IC by Fourth Army with copy being retained in the files of
D. O. No. 10.

6. On the night of 3 Junr 1c,I9..at 2020 hours, a civilian tvõe
aircraft circled Cantp Hood at an altitude of from 200 to 300 feet.
At completion of second cĩrcling, airplane was headed due east.
Pilot in an attempt to land on Patrol road which he had mistaken
for an air strip, struck the No. i fence of the restricted area and
caused the plane to crash, but did not burn. Pilot stated he was
enroute from Paris to Taylor, Texas, when his plane developed engine
trouble requiring him to make an emergency landing. The plane was
searched thoroughly and no evidence of cameras or explosives determined,.

UNCLASSIFIED

3

--- 

Please note that due to the quality of the provided image, some characters might be misinterpreted. The text includes multiple typographical errors, likely due to the condition of the source material or limitations of the OCR process used to digitize the document.