The image displays a page with typed text but does not contain any photographs. Below is the text as an OCR output:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

trail was noticed.

NOTE: Neighborhood & Police checks reveal  to have no record of excessive
drinking or a criminal nature, is believed to be of average intelligence and
has a good character standing in the community.  is approximately 35
years of age, is of average height and slender build, seems to be in good phy-
sical condition and does not wear eye-glasses.  seems to have an ave-
rage layman's knowledge of flight conditions and pursues the hobbies of baseball
and hunting.

5. On 2 August 1949,  Insurance Salesman,
SW, was interviewed and stated--substance: That at approximately 1340 hours,
12 May 1949, he was driving on highway 220 between Boones Mill and Roanoke, Vir-
ginia, when his attention was drawn to an OBJECT in the sky. He parked the
vehicle and simultaneously AT FIRST SIGHT, the OBJECT appeared at approx-
imately 235 degrees from north and at an angle 40 to 50 degrees above a level
horizon[?] line. He pointed out observation was in a valley and the OBJECT rap-
idly on the horizon even with a mountain top in a westerly direction. AT FIRST
SIGHTING THE OBJECT prove to have been covered from sight with the limb (arm's
length (length for length), appeared to be in the to tent (6 to 10) miles away,
rising straight up a lot north or west. OBJECT was 6 to 10 miles; speed,
judging out in in east at a point approximately 100 degrees from north. IT(?)...
OBJECT remained in view for 40 to 10(?), minutes: course to Angeles was true(?)...
fading out in a dim glow at a point any miles and seemed to keep a definite(?)...
ing at a speed of approximately 1-hundred (600) miles per hour. IT(?) described
the OBJECT as being a round glowing shaft of oblong shape, similar to that of the
smoke-trail left by planes using rocket assist units on take off. The red glow
had the effect of lights seen through smoke, was longer than it was wide and in-
creased in length and width as it raised and moved or moved. He smoke or vapor
trail was seen and the glow faded out as the OBJECT moved across the sky. The
OBJECT traveled in straight flight from SW to SE and no material meteor was
noticed.

NOTE: Neighborhood & Police checks reveal  to have no record of excessive
drinking and no record of a criminal nature.  is a man of average intelli(gence
and is respected for good character in the community. He appears to be in good
physical condition, does not wear eye-glasses.  as all layman, his knowledge
of conditions regarding flight are limited  and, as a layman, is approximately 45 years of
age, is on the short side of average height and is of husky build. Informant's
hobbies are baseball, hunting and fishing.

6. The following was received from U. S. Weather Bureau, Department of
Commerce, Roanoke Field, Roanoke, Virginia:

Official Sunset for 12 May 1949: Recorded as 1915 hours (7:19 P.M.).

Official weather report for 12 May 1949, 1830 hours (6:30 P.M,): Recorded
as 70000 scattered; 25 miles visibility; Surface wind from the Southeast
at 14 miles per hour.

UNCLASSIFIED

---