The image does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

THE AMERICAN METEOR SOCIETY BULLETIN NO. 16

FLOWER OBSERVATORY OF THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA—REPRINT NO. 43

A very brilliant meteor or fireball is reported to have passed in your vicinity on ------------ at the hour of ------------ Will you please answer as fully as possible the following questions, which are asked on behalf of the American Meteor Society in order that permanent records of such phenomena may be obtained. When these reports are published each contributor whose report is fairly complete will be mentioned, if possible, by name and due credit given. It is only by the help of those who can give personal information that data can be secured for the computation of the orbits of meteors. These data are of great scientific value and all reasonable efforts should be made to obtain them. You will be unable probably to answer all questions below, but answer those you can, as they may be of the greatest importance. Fill in replies in blank spaces left and enclose an additional sheet with any further comments or description if you need more space. Complete instructions are given at the end of the question. Please read them all before attempting to write any answer. Detach and keep the second sheet for future use.

(1) Give your name and address.

(2) Where were you when you saw the meteor?
(If the town is small please give county as well.)

(3) Give the date, hour and minute when the meteor appeared; also kind of time used.

(4) In what direction did it appear (or in what direction was it first seen)?
This is not asking in what direction it was going!

(5) In what direction did it disappear (or in what direction was it last seen)?
For questions 4 and 5, simply N, E, S, or W is not accurate enough, unless these were the exact directions.
If compass is used, state it; also if magnetic correction has been applied to compass reading.

(6) At what height did it appear? (Use degrees in answering.)

(7) At what height did it disappear? (Use degrees in answering.)

(8) Did it pass directly overhead (i.e., through the zenith)?

(9) If not, to which side of the zenith did it go, and how far from it? (Use degrees in answering.)

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10

---