The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document. Below is the text extracted from the document:

---

STATE OF IDAHO
Department of
FISH AND GAME
August 4, 1949

To Whom It May Concern:

The following statement is made by the undersigned with
the hopes that it will be of some assistance in ascertaining the
scientific nature of the many reported "flying disks."

I am an employee of the Fish and Game Department of the
State of Idaho. My position is an Assistant Upland Game Biologist.
In the course of my work I travel considerably.

On the morning of Saturday, July 30,1949, at 10:12 a.m.,
I observed a so called "flying disk." The locality was on Highway
No. 30, six miles by road east of -ampa, Idaho. This distance was
checked by speedometer.

As I was scanning the adjacent fields toward the south
for pheasants I happened to catch a glint in the sky. Observing
the brilliant object which caused the glint I found it to be as
follows:

It was somewhat delta shaped. Color was most unique, it
radiated a very pale allergy rose color, the object itself seemed to
be very pale blue. It appeared to be definitely of a metallic nature
and exact color of which I have never seen.

The first observed the object was southwest of my position
and an estimated 45° angle from the surface of the ground. It was
traveling due west and then it made a sharp U turn in which it turned
to the east at a higher level of elevation. On the return trip the
object appeared to be upside down from whe... first observed,

The object was traveling at a high rate of speed and be-
lieved by this observer to have been traveling in excess of 800 miles
per hour. The time of observance was very short end when the object
started east it faded out and became invisible.

I immediately stopped the pickup which I was driving and
got out to see if I could further observe what I had seen. I was
unable to see anything, even tiny commercial aircraft in the sky. I
heard no noise of motors or saw any air disturbances which might have
been caused by this object. There  were no other objects but the
one and I would describe the method of disappearance much as if one
was looking at the shine of a knife blade and the blade was turned
so that you were looking at the sharp edge. This the.. would almost
cause a total disappearance from sight of the knife blade.

I could estimate no actual size because I had nothing with
which to compare it. There were no clouds. The temperature was around
80°F. Seeing that I was unable to further see this object I the.. drove
to Nampa and reported seeing the object to the Free Press Newspaper.

That this object seen was not any conventional aircraft I
sincerely believe.

[Signature redacted]
[Redacted] [Assistant Biologist]

COPY
UNCLASSIFIED

---

Please note that some words are partially obscured by the binder of the document and are represented with "..." where readability was compromised.