The image you have provided seems to be a scanned document page, and there are no photographs present on it.

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

PROJECT BLUEBOOK

1. This information was presented upon request of Lieutenant _ and Captain _, detailed to W/P 13 July, from (censored) 7, CI-SIRI Section, Chief, Analytical Division, Intelligence Department (T-2), Headquarters, Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, requesting an investigation be conducted of the "flying saucer" seen at Sidney, Ohio and reported by a newspaper article in the 11 July 1947 edition of the Dayton Daily News, Dayton, Ohio.

AT DAYTON, OHIO

2. Mr. _, Dayton Daily News, Dayton, Ohio, was contacted on 14 July 1947 and he stated that Miss (censored) CICINATI of the Sidney Daily News, Sidney, Ohio, had furnished them the information for their newspaper.

AT SIDNEY, OHIO

3. Mr. _ was interviewed at Sidney Daily News, Sidney, Ohio was introduced by Major _ and then stated that the only information that he had in his "flying saucer" was published in their paper on 9 July 1947 and 6 July 1947. Contents of both of these publications are attached hereto. (Not included in extractions) _ stated that two persons, _ Street, Sidney, Ohio and Mr. _, Sidney, Ohio, actually saw the object. (The "flying saucer" was seen on 7 July 1947) and (censored) _ Street, Sidney, Ohio did not "flying saucer" on 7 July 1947.

4. Mr. _ was interviewed on 17 July 1947 and he stated that _ had observed an unidentified aerial object approximately 0900 hours on 7 July 1947, just as he was opening his jewelry store for business. _ stated that he was watching some birds that appeared to be upset in front of the store when the little shiny object caught his eye high in the sky. The object was about the size of a five-cent piece when stretched at arm's length and appeared to be traveling at a fast rate of speed. The object went almost immediately eighty-five degrees overhead and went to a northeasterly _ until out of sight _ saw the object for approximately fifteen seconds and stated that at that time, the object was _ in the air. The other _ was clear, no wind was blowing and no planes were in the vicinity at the time the object was in sight. The object didn't make any sound or leave any trail _ did not take any photographs of the object.

5. Mr. _ was interviewed on 18 July 1947 and he stated that he saw the object when _ called his attention to it. The object extended the time between 0900 and 0915 hours on 7 July 1947. The object was an oblong in shape and appeared to be about the size of _ stable. The object was _ in the sky for approximately two minutes and was traveling north in a straight line _.

UNCLASSIFIED

2