There is no photograph in this image. The image shows a typewritten document, and here is the text contained within:

```
tom cunning & associates

May 13, 1949

PHONE 7436 * 442 YATES BLDG. * BOISE, IDAHO

The Commanding Officer,
Wright Army Air Field,
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

For the last two years I have scoffed at people and their alleged flying 
discs. This morning, however, I became a convert. Please do not consider this 
letter as something from a crank or a publicity stunt--I merely wish to inform
you of an honest experience this morning with these nebulous flying discs:

Before I outline the facts, may I point out that I logged more than
900 hours as first pilot on a B-24 and I hold a 1st lieutenant's commission in
the air force reserve. My serial number, incidentally, is O-774795. If it will
add credulity, my occupation is a newspaperman, currently being a writer for the
Idaho State Board of Publicity. At any rate, here are the facts:

This morning, May 13, 1949, I was driving from Caldwell to Boise,
Idaho, on U. S. Hi[gh]way 20. At 1100 hours my eye was attracted by
a silvery object in the western sky. The object was no more disappeared
when five (5) "discs" rose into sight, flying in a Vee formation. The
discs were apparently in a slow silver and low, circular; to the left.
It was very bright of their own spiral lot ions, cole. tion they
were on the under side they turned a lead silver color:
They resembled outside of their turn relative to my vision. And
was a black color, making the discs hard to track with the eye. when
they reached the outside of their turn relative to my vision. They
were a bright silver, reflecting brilliantly the sunlight. The day
was clear, about 30 or 35 degrees with less than 3/10th cloud cover-
ing. The terrain was level over the Boise Valley area in which they
were flying. After making two spiral lot ions, they shot upward in
a southwesterly direction, actually changing from a Vee formation to
an echelon to the left. They made another spiral let down, returning
to a Vee formation. They again shot upward and were lost from sight.
I observed these discs from 1100 to 1119 hours. They must have been
man controlled, for they moved intelligently and changed or held forma-
tion will. They size is problematical as was their altitude. I would
estimate however, the altitude at 14,000 to 15,000 and their size at
comparable to a B-29. They appeared relatively large and were not as
high speed as previous accounts I have read except when they shot up-
ward. Their speed I would estimate at 350 to 400 m.p.h. while in the
spiral and easily double that when they climbed. They were of an elip-

DIRECTING PUBLICITY FOR THE STATE OF IDAHO
``` 

Please note that the original document contains typos and some inconsistencies which are faithfully reproduced in this transcription.