The image contains no photographs. Here is the text from the document:

---
Ethel Evans
P.O. Box 1191
Wildwood, N.J.

Pick[eld ph’los Dquirv-

TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 12, 1949

Ball of Fire Seen,
Believed Meteor

A brilliant ball of fire, believed by authorities to have been a meteor, was visible in a wide area of the Eastern Seaboard within reach of Washington, apparently “landing" last night in Delaware, and an important Army Air Force plane diverted unannounced to Delaware City in the midst of the ensuing perturbation. Most of the other eye-witnesses in the phenomenon were in New Jersey.

THOUGHT PLANE CRASHED

Sightings of the mysterious object by hundreds led them to report by radio to the New Castle County Air-police that they believed an airplane had crashed. Delaware State Police found no wreckage at the scene, could give no alternative.

William F. MacLaurlen, a member of the fire department at the New Castle airport, said the ball was “huge-green with a tail this [held his two fingers to indicate length],with red flame ”

MacLaurien said that the ball seemed “sizzling as an aeroplane-airship, and with no apparent immediate thoughts on the emergency landing. But within seconds the object disappeared behind buildings.

PILOT PURSUED IT

One of the signets, on a flight from Washington to Mitchell Field, L.I. said, “I am definitely plunging into the North America Administration's original philatelic amateurs' station while flying at 3000 feet.”

The same pilot later added by radio while he pursued the object in a low sizzling dive at 800 feet toward the rest of us.

The second pilot also involved saw another shot as it was viewed as a phenomenon. The sirens were scattered along the area where both landing and departure took place at the airport named the Lions Island field. Their identities were not disclosed.

SCORERS OF CALLS

Authorities at Harvard University Observatory said they received scores of calls from residents of Massachusetts , Rhode Island and Connecticut. They said it was probable that the meteor, if a?4sm, was one the largest into the area.

Two airline pilots were among the eye-witnesses. Ralph H. BUTLER. supervising navigator Bo or rborough of Bronx, New York, said their plane was approaching Providence, R.I., when they sighted “The Brighton Flame”, they had seen the object, as they estimated the altitude began to disintegrate at about 1000 feet.