The image provided is of a textual document and does not contain any photographs. However, I will transcribe the text from the document as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
                                                                                   THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO
                                                                                   ALBUQUERQUE
                                                                                   February 21, 1949

Institute of Meteoritics

To:         Lt Colonel Doyle Rees, Commanding Officer
            District No. 17
            Office of Special Investigations

From:       Lincoln LaPaz, Director
            Institute of Meteoritics

Subject:    Anomalous luminous phenomena (4th report)

1. Several additional sightings of unexplained aerial lights phe-
   nomena have occurred since the third report in this series was pre-
   pared. Outstanding among the as yet undescribed incidents was the green fire-
   ball of Sunday evening, January 30, 1949, 5:51 p.m., MST. Within less
   than one minute after the appearance of the fireball, an eyewitness (a
   fisherman) called to report the major incision of a group of servicemen saw
   the fireball through an east window while seated about the dinner table
   in a brightly lighted room. Within three hours after the fireball ap-
   peared, more than 100 eyewitness accounts had been phoned or written
   in to the Institute of Meteoritics, or had been obtained by its director or
   one of his personal privations. An unusually high percentage of the reports
   came from military personnel (witnessing at various security or test reactors
   to projects, from guards and other small units in the field alerted to watch
   for anomalous luminous phenomena and from airplane pilots, control tower
   officials, and intelligence officers). On the first afternoon to midnight shift.

2. On February 1st, a staff car was placed at the writer's disposal
   by Major William Lodose of the Fourth Army and a field survey was begun
   of the region in New Mexico and Texas in which the majority of the ob-
   servers reporting the fall lived. This survey, carried out under unusually
   severe weather conditions, included visits to the following localities:
   towns in New Mexico, Vaughn, Ramon, Mesa, Tucumcari, Clovis, Roswell, and
   oriar towns, San Antonio, and Lamesa, Uvalde, Pecos, Pyote, Wink, Monahans and
   other towns in Texas. (Several of these towns were visited two or more
   times.) At Roswell, where very effective cooperation was provided by the
   OSI group at Walker Air Bace under Lt. Paul sobr and by the local CAF unit,
   under Lt. L. W. Coochan, Special Agent s___ at Lamesa, was added to the survey
   party and gave much aid in later work. At Lamesa, Texas, the ground sur-
   vey party was joined by an air search party consisting of Major Charles
   Phillips, USAF, Captain Alvin M. McNeal and Special Agent Jack L. Bowling,
   from the 17th District OSI Office at Mirtland Field, and Corporal Cochran.

      DOWNGRADED AT 3 YR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
      UNCLASSIFIED
      DOD DIR 5200.10
``` 

Please note that there may be some minor inaccuracies due to portions of the text being obscured or illegible.