There are no photographs on the provided page. Here is the text output from the document:

---

UNCLASSiit i.i,j

6. The possibility of instrumentation was discussed. Col Hood said that
during l950 an airborne counter had been devised and attempts were made to use
it in the wing tank of an F-47 at Oak Ridge. As far as he knew, this was never
done because they could not get a powerful enough power source. He stated he
didn't believe an airborne system would be too successful because the area that
would give radiation would be too localized. His idea on instrumentation was to
utilize a magnetometer in an effort to establish whether or not a reported ob-
ject was material or not. (Contrary to what we've been told, he believed a mag-
netometer could be easily obtained that had a fairly long range - up to 50 to
75,000', if not more.) He suggested a setup of several types of instruments all
cross checking each other, a magnetometer, a directional coincidence counter for
radiation and radar.

7. During his visit to ATIC this summer, Col Hood had mentioned the fact
that his branch was interested in Einstein's latest theories on a relationship
between gravity and lines of magnetic force (?!?). His branch has contacted Ein-
stein and obtained the names of several people whom he thought could pursue this
idea further and determine how his theory could be utilized for power. The Of-
fice of Flight Research is now contacting these people to see whether or not they
would accept a study contract.

8. Col Hood's suggestion was that we go ahead with a limited instrumenta-
tion program now. His idea was that the cost would be low and he believes we
could get at least preliminary data that we could expand on. He offered ATIC
any aid his branch could give.

Conclusions

9. The only conclusion is that these people made a very preliminary type
of study on the correlation of unknown radar pickups and rises in radiation.
There is definitely nothing to "get our teeth into". Again, however, there are
indications that there may be some correlation present.

10. The use of a magnetometer may be feasible to determine whether a mater-
ial object is present and if this object is in any way utilizing the earths mag-
netic field in any way.

Recommendations

11. More details on the incidents at Oak Ridge should be obtained. Mr. Bet-
tis and the head of the Physics Department at Vanderbilt University should be con-
tacted to see if any correlations have been attempted since 1950.

12. Someone at TADC should be contacted to learn more about magnetometers.

UNCLASSIFIED

SECURITY INFORMATION

---