The image contains typed text. There is no photograph present. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

```
DETAILS:                                               UNCLASSIFIED

1. This investigation was conducted at the direction of the District
Commander, 9th OSI District, upon receipt of information which appeared in the
15 July 1949 issue of the Pineville News, that an unidentified aerial phenomena
had been sighted over Pineville, Louisiana, by an individual at Libuse, Louisiana,
                     Route 3, Pineville, Louisiana and is ________ ________, P.O. Box
62, Colfax, Louisiana. The following article which is quoted verbatim appeared
in the Pineville News, 15 July 1949.

PINEVILLE MAN SIGHTS FIRST FLYING SAUCERS OVER LOCAL TERRITORY

   A contingent from Pineville is already growing, to attend the
proposed convention of viewers of flying saucers. Brother O'Neal
of Route 3, Holloway Prairie Road phoned the News of rice Wednesday
to report a pair of flying saucers that he had seen. This was the
first report in the most recent list of people who've seen the phe-
nomena from Pineville. Brother O'Neal reported that the two objects
looked like stove lids and were heading in a northerly direction at
about seventy-five (75)...feet, The saucers were a dark color...and ap-
peared substantial, O'Neal reported. The objects were moving through
the air pretty fast and were in sight for only five minutes. He said
that he noticed the disks while walking through a field on the Hallow-
way road, Yesterday another call came in reporting two more saucers
at Libuse, This time the objects were seen by Freasy Hanks of Libuse,
and instead of being dark were shiny, and about the size of a big sau-
cer. The disks, also at a height of about seventy-six (76) feet were
reported as just floating, sort of sailing through the air. Nothing
the saucers qualified both as delegates to a convention that is being
planned by the Young Mens Business Club of Alexandria. The scheme,
devised only a short time has already attracted interested persons
from many sections of the U.S. and at present, seems to have a good
chance of actual materialization, Epidemics of flying saucers have
hit the nation intermittently for the last three years, the most re-
cent being only about a month old. Scientific journals existing form
ancient times have also made mention of the air phenomena.

TWO SEPARATE SAUCEE STORIES FINALLY AGREE:

   At last we have two stories that actually agree in all detils,
concerning flying saucers, but were reported by two persons unknown
to each other, and uninformed of the news.
   In Libuse, called the paper as we were going to press and reported
three black plate size discs traveling in a northeasterly direction.
The odd thing about this story was that instead of the usual shiny
disss, these were the same dull black as were Brother O'Neal's
of Holloway Prairie Road. It's becoming harder and harder to be skep-
tical about these mysterious discs.

                                        UNCLASSIFIED
```