The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page of a document with typewritten text and some handwritten annotations. Here is the transcription of the document:

```
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
WRIGHT FIELD, DAYTON, OHIO

SUBJECT: Flying Disca.

TO:
Chief of Staff 
United States Air 'Norce.
Washington, D. C.
ATTENTION: OFFICE, DIRECTOR of Intelligence.
Lt. Colonel George Garrett, Jr.

1. The enclosed newspaper clippings are submitted for your informa-
tion and comments. The incident reported in Seattle appeared in the "Dayton
Journal" on 12 November 1947, and should be followed up if possible.

2. The story by Lionel Shapiro regarding war weapons developed in
Spain evidently was printed in several leading newspapers throughout
the country. No Flying Disca of this sort recalling newspaper copy was 
found; essential  elements for such alleged important developments--such as
funds, materials, experimental testing facilities, and technicians, much as
"know-how"--do not appear accounted for and supplied by known local 
The Germany satellite is a disappointed to be supplied by German scientists.
French sources are next to nil & this fact that no important elements
are not known to them, in Spain, and those a mentioned in this article

3. If possible, therefore, an effort should be made to obtain more
qualifications, or any new information that might help to identify this alleged
German scientists working in Spain.

4. A brief statement was made in a recent intelligence report from
Bag. TAG, AD/Ac, regarding a flying discO incident in Alaska on September.
Early 1950, while right reported should render a more detailed observation
than what was reported, which may suggest a follow-up.

5. It is further requested that this office be advised as to progress
being made on the piloting of all flying disc incidents to data, particularly
in North America. It would seem that Mr. Carroll was going to
see these incidents, but no further word was received regarding this office.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

-H. H. McCoy
Colonel, Air Corps
Director of Intelligence

[newspaper clippings]
```
Note: The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" and has a notice at the bottom regarding its declassification status.