The image shown is a page from a text document; there are no photographs present on this page. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

---
CALDWELL, et al - 24-93

UNCLASSIFIED

On 22 August 1949, Special Agent V.A. VAUCED interviewed 
Mr. ROBERT E. CLAPP, JR., Attorney, in his office, 117 Court Street,
Frederick, Maryland, with reference to CALDWELL. Mr. CLAPP stated
that during his tenure of office as Assistant Attorney General, opns 
CALDWELL & CALDWELL, Glen Surlno, Maryland, was subpoenaed to appear
in CLAPP's office in connection with activities of Gray Goose Airways,
Inc. and Rotor-Planes, Inc., to determine whether fraudulent stock 
sales of these corporations were being made in violation of the Blue
Sky Laws (Art. 32A of the Annotated Code of Maryland). The result of
this hearing was the issuance of a restraining against both corporations
and CALDWELL, forbidding, sale of stock in Maryland. Personally, CLAPP
stated that CALDWELL impressed him as "a sincere individual who had 
knowledge of corporate finance, and no particular knowledge of corporation law." "I felt then that CALDWELL was sincere in his conviction
that he had something to offer the aviation industry, and he was not
in any way a 'confidence man' or a 'slick operator,' but rather a 'babe-
in the woods' type, whose only interest, was in the development and pro-
duction of his aircraft," CLAPP continued, "and could see nothing wrong
in just selling more stock when he needed more money. I don't believe
that there was any criminal intent or intent to defraud, but his methods
of operation were irregular." CLAPP was shown a picture of CALDWELL,
and asked if he could identify him. In reply, he stated that "If I had 
read nothing in the newspapers I could only say that I had seen him
somewhere before, but in view of what has happened I can state that it
resembles the individual I saw as CALDWELL in 1940".

On 22 August 1949, Special Agents C. E. BELK and EDWARD S. LEONARD
interviewed Mr. WILLIAM E. DRIGGERS, 1530 Olive Street, n.e., Washington,
D. C. MR. DRIGGERS is presently employed by the CAA Maintenance group,
hanger 5, Washington National Airport. MR. DRIGGERS stated that his
First contact with CALDWELL was brought about by a recommendation from
Fairchild Aircraft Corporation, Hagerstown, Maryland. CALDWELL had re-
quested information from Fairchild concerning a mechanical engineer in
the Washington area that could give him assistance in the development
of an airplane. In 1937, DRIGGERS began working for CALDWELL on a
gyro-gyro. CALDWELL built two incomplete models of this airplane and
gave it a great deal of publicity. Stock to finance this aircraft was
sold in the name of the Gray Goose Airways. DRIGGERS stated that
CALDWELL told him that he had sold over a quarter of a million dollars
of the stock in this company. CALDWELL had previously carried on his
experiments in New York and New Jersey, but had been forced to move to
Maryland due to an enjoinder issued by the Attorney General's of those
states. CALDWELL suddenly lost interest in the cyclo-gyro and stopped
all construction on this plane. The cyclo-gyro was being constructed
in a barn near Brown's Corner, Takoma Park, Maryland. CALDWELL opened
a shop at 923 Kenilworth Avenue, for the construction of the Gray

UNCLASSIFIED
---