There are no photographs present in the image provided. It is a document page with typed text. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
AGENT REPORT

1. NAME OF SUBJECT OR TITLE OF INCIDENT                                          2. DATE SUBMITTED
Sighting of Unconventional Aircraft                                              24 August 1949
                                                                                  3. CONTROL SYMBOL OR FILE NO.
                                                                                  ATIC-29

4. REPORT OF FINDINGS

On 2 August '49, the following article concerning the sighting of 
unconventional aircraft was published in the Ohio State "Journal," Columbus, Ohio:

"Venus, either that or it all

"Planetary ruins & ink blinks"

"In a distorted city, seeing 'space ships' not of mysterious objects in the
sky, all probability is mistaken," the two bright objects in color in the 
for flying saucers craft. It was the considered opinion of authorities at 
the local observatory on the campus of Ohio State University last night, still
the so the Air force was sufficiently curious and investigative to send observers 
aloft.

"Telephone calls/comments at The Ohio State "Journal" and police headquarters, 
as well as the weather mission at 'port' Columbus, increased with inquiries about 
the strange spectacles.

"....those blinking, color, replicate spray in the adornment at the .. observatory, 
while Venus is the she was more or less conclusively judged a planet Venus, 
though official report said only, "what the..."... bright object the eastern 
skies, they both burst southeast, also what it the more scared the 
blinks with a silver bright brilliance, had pass about...."

"Venus was the best bet for those who saw a color-ful in the west just before 
dark, noticed a new dim tail, then a bright illumination a star." Venus is 
visible to longer far, evening brightly than most to about 0220 PM."

"Air Force observation planes took off from Lockbourne and Patterson Field 
to "travel into the 'great circle," but pilots reported "it looks like a star."

"Two "death 2200 hours ended" as objects over the city light, and noticed a 
far away time only far east as it decreased slowly; until it was obscured by the 
horizon.... calculations find a cloud could have been 10-15 more 'whmsy bird'
when it disappeared, Venus' light would shine "like a headlight."

"No western object was seen by "men in the port Columbus control tower, who 
reported last night. No air cleared moon admitted was there," the objects was seen.
Local weather.... reporting to roll call weather observers.... at 10 or 11, 
will we hear a report it you to announce.....map correction to what.....
flashing the volunteer.... "move no blink, stares," it said, and the "blurred 
to grown at the rate of "more than one a minute."
DOWNCLASSIFIED AT 5 YEARS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 10 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

7. TYPED NAME AND ORGANIZATION OF SPECIAL AGENT
8. SIGNATURE OF SPECIAL AGENT

UNCLASSIFIED

WD AGO FORM 341
1 JUN 49
4 0. G. O. REGULATIONS
```

The document appears to be a report concerning a sighting of an unconventional aircraft or a UFO, with references to observations made by various individuals and groups, including the Ohio State University observatory and the Air Force. The document also has a classification and declassification notice at the bottom.