The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document page with text and several areas redacted with black bars. Below is the text as produced by acting like an OCR system:

---
UNCLASSIFIED
AGENT REPORT
1. NAME OF SUBJECT OR TITLE OF INCIDENT
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
2. DATE SUBMITTED
27 JUL 1949
3. CONTROL SYMBOL OR FILE NO.
ATI-452,2

1. REPORT OF FINDINGS

[Redacted Content]

(Fun (3) Contd.

was unable to verify the report from other sources than the assertion that he telephoned Lt. [Redacted] at Charlotte, N.C. Later on the night of 7 April 1949, and he gave somewhat similar information as furnished by ties, although the recollection, [Redacted] stated to him the above object that, although the advisory object was very faint, leading to the belief guess work it was only two of aircraft, it would be large enough to carry additional fifty (20) passengers. Lt. [Redacted] stated that [Redacted] seemed to be very excited in making the above assertion, but the source advised consideration should be given this to be in a state of shock or was desiring to showcase or publicize his till then non-too-presentable flying skills due to the fact that the very low visibility of object would lend substance to the impression or not, still it would be a moot point as to the veracity of his above conversation with Lt. [Redacted] on the night in question as to the shape, construction of the said object at several points to and from his arrival the above object, and [Redacted] a reliable observer was always been honest in reliable according to Lt. [Redacted] ( -2- )

(4) On 2.1 May 1949, r. [Redacted] Operations, Morris Field Radio Control of Charlotte, N.C., stated that this above office had not rceived any reports or maintained filed a report of objects in the air in the vicinity of Charlotte, N.C. on 7 April 1949, and also that they have received no inquiries regarding such objects. ( -2- )

(5) On 21 May 1949, F. [Redacted] Censorer, U.S. Weather Bureau Station, Morris Field, Charlotte N.C., stated that the above office had not rceived nor maintained report of any object or airborne and unidetified object apearing near Charlotte, etc. on 7 April 1949. Mr. [Redacted] stated that th nearest station at Charlotte, etc. does not have a bird balloon or such like to furnish that information which came to his attention and that this station is located at Greensboro, N.C. approximately one hundred (100) miles away from the advised that the above Police has received no information which could th plain any report of an unidentifial object over the city on this night of 7 April 1949. ( -2- )

(6) On 21 May 1949, ir. Joe Crosby Jr., C. & E. Communications Office, Morris Field, Charlotte, N.C., stated that the above office has received no communication regarding unidetified aircraft or objects in the air from [Redacted] on 7 April 1949 and that he had no knowledge [Redacted] such object. ( -2- )

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

WD AGO FORM 341
1 JUL 47
O. D. 9, GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1981--578-387/20012
UNCLASSIFIED
--- 

Please note that sections of the text have been redacted in the original document; these are represented by [Redacted] where the black bars appear.