No photographs are present in the image provided. Below is the text contained in the document:

---
Page 2 Guide to Investigation Incident No. _______

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.) [?]Trail was whitish in 
color not as brilliant as object, about the same length and 3 times width, no
persistence. [?] (visible by reflection, in condenscene, contrail - 
degree of brillance): (i) Very bright silver luminous object such as 1000Watt
clear light bulb. (2) Star shaped reflections.

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, canopies, etc.):

None discernible.

20. Manuevers (turns, climbs, dives, etc., - stretch of flight path):

No maneuvers - a straight flight path.

21. Manner of disappearance:

Object disappeared suddenly at a closer range than viewed at first but 
no clouds or clouds.

22. Effect on vicinity, none were formed,

23. Additional Information concerning object:
Exhaust trail seemed to originate from what appeared to be a perfect circle 
in rear of object, and less that at time of sighting:

24. Weather conditions at Carroll AFS at 0300C weather sequence was clear,
7.5 sm and miles visibility in darkness. 

Name and address of observer[?] lst Lt. Robert A. Franco [?] FT.
Service Co, CAP, Box 259, AF ROTC, Adjutant Sanitary Corps, will pick 
Occupation and hobbies: armament instructor, AF 3336, Ft. Worth, Tx
U.S. AAF Pilot and Flight Service Dispatcher, 10 hobbies.

Comments or Interrogator relative to Intelligence and character of 
observer (Check neighbors, police dept., FBI records, employer, etc):

A check of observers clearance records (briefly) his
organization superiors and acquaintances confirmed the
impressions of this that Lt. observed one of
above average in intelligence and of sound
character. Capt [?] Borowski appears to have the genuine [?]
Did observer wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at time of 
sighting, or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other trans-
parent material?

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEAR.
DOD DIR 5200.9

UNCLASSIFIED
---