The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text-only page from a document.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

-8-

Fatal. In the cases of fatalities resulting from this
cause, it is believed that genuine lightning was involved. 
Physical effects of electrical origin on persons enclosed
in all-metallic aircraft are negligible, owing to the 
Faraday cage protection afforded by the conducting skin.
However, a slight electrical shock may be experienced by
a crew member aboard an aircraft if he is making good
contact at two well separated points during passage of
the stoop wave front of potential through the area of con-
tact at the time of a real lightning stroke.

(c) Accompanying Phenomena

1. Sound

The origination and dissipation of "ball lightning" at 
the surface are often attended by a sharp report, but
not invariably. Very frequently the beginning or end,
respectively, of "ball lightning" is accompanied by a
positively identified stroke of streak lightning or 
very nearly to the point of observation. The thunder
produced by such a stroke will naturally be considered
by many observers to have been associated with the "ball
lightning." "Ball lightning" which is in the form of a
corona discharge makes very little sound, since the cur-
rent carried is very low and the explosive heating effects
on the air negligible. Lightning of the continuous-
current type, with low-wavefront, will not produce intense
sounds, and this is to be more or less expected, also,
of isolated luminous dart streamers traversing the chan-
nels of preceding or succeeding lightning strokes. Such
streamers have been included in the category of "ball
lightning."

2. Chemical Effects

The odor of ozone in connection with "ball lightning" has
been reported by some observers. This is to be expected
in cases where the phenomenon is a brush discharge which
produces ozone in air. When actual streak lightning is
involved, the formation of oxides of nitrogen and ozone
is a normal occurrence.

3. Thermal Effects

Fires have been caused in combustible material, such as
straw, by discharges reported to have been "ball lightning."
