The image is a scanned document and does not contain any photographs. The text from the document reads as follows:

"THE STATE" Newspaper
Columbia, S. Carolina
29 December 1949

Strange Craft
Is Reported
Seen in NC

Hamlet, N. C., Dec. 28—(AP)—A strange unidentified aircraft, resembling a balloon or a blimp, was reported flying “erratically over Hamlet today, apparently out of control.

Several residents, including two pilots, gave various reports of the craft, as “heading straight down and leveling off,” and “turning over.” One observer said he thought he saw something resembling a man drop from the craft and one pilot, who chased it in a plane, said it appeared to be from 20 to 30 feet in diameter.

It was first reported flying west over town at about 4:45 p. m. by Dr. W. D. James of Hamlet and Fire Chief J. W. Worley. They reported the object to the local airport where observers mess cook respondent Philip Gibbs has, took off in a light plane to give chase.

Pilot Gibbs, an ex-Navy flier, said he saw the craft only once from the air and that it definitely was not “a standard ship.”

He said he was unable to overtake it but that from a distance it appeared to be a large metal ball, without any external fittings such as are ordinarily carried by free balloons. Although observers said the craft did not seem to have much speed from the ground, Gibbs reported it quickly disappeared in the sun when he drew near.

The newsman said he last saw it about 32 miles southwest of here.

The weather station at Charlotte said there was some possibility that the object might have been a radio sonde balloon such as are released by weather stations. The balloons are used to transmit weather data from the atmosphere, and ordinarily burst at high altitude, the radio parachuting back to earth. However, the weather station said the time that it was seen over Hamlet—in late afternoon—tended to discount this theory.

Gibbs said that from his air force service he was familiar with these balloons and that the “strange craft did not resemble one. “it was much bigger,” he said, “it was much bigger.”

UNC
UNCLASSIFIED
[Signature]
JAMES G. BAKER
SAC FAO #13