The image does not contain any photographs.

13 December 1943
AI-1009

Brigadier General Putt
United States Air Force
Director of Research and Development
Officer, Deputy Chief of Staff, Materiel
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear General Putt:

Please refer to your letter of 18 November 1943 relative to the "Flying object" problem and Mr. Collbohm's reply dated 24 November 1943. In paragraph (b) of the reply, Mr. Collbohm promises (among other things) to send a discussion of the "special design and performance characteristics that are believed to distinguish space ships."

This present letter gives, in very general terms, a description of the likelihood of a visit from other worlds as an engineering problem and some points regarding the use of space vehicles as compared with descriptions of Flying objects, i.e., Collbohm will deliver copies to Colonel McCoy at Wright-Patterson Air Base during the RAND briefing there within the next few days.

A good beginning: Is it discuss some possible physics of origin of "visiting space ships. Astronomers largely in agreement that only one member of the Solar System (besides Earth) can support higher forms of life, it is the planet Mars. Even Mars appears quite desolate and inhospitable so that a race would be more occupied with survival than we are on Earth. Reference 1 gives equivalent descriptions of conditions on the various planets and a simulated, A motor contact from. For 1 (p. 229) same will be included here.

Whether intelligent beings exist to appreciate these splendors of the Martian landscape is pure speculation. If we have correctly reconstructed the history of Mars, there is little reason to believe that the life processes may not have followed a course similar to terrestrial evolution. With this assumption, three general possibilities emerge. Intelligent beings may have protected themselves against the exigessively slow loss of atmosphere, oxygen and water, by constructing homes and cities with the physical conditions scientifically con-

**[Text is cut off and continues onto the next page]**