There are no photographs present in this image. The text provided from the document is as follows:

Incident No. 10 — 7 July 1947, 1600 hours, Phoenix, Arizona.
One observer witnessed an elliptical, flat, gray object, measuring 20-30
ft across, flying 400-500 MPH, spiraling downward to 2000 ft from 5000 ft,
then ascending at a 45° angle to an overcast. Observer ran into a garage,
where he obtained a Kodak Brownie 120 box camera, and snapped two pictures;
one negative, and a print of the other, are contained in project files.
The negative displays a small apparently flat object rounded on one end,
and pointed on the other. The object appears to have a hole in the center.
The image is in stark contrast with the back-ground of clouds. From the print,
the object appears to be jet black with sharp outlines. Four expert photo-
graphers concur in the opinion that the image is of true photographic nature,
However, they disagree with each other as to the possibility of faking such
an occurrence under the conditions described. Considering the object was gray
as described, and at a distance of 2000 feet, it seems unlikely that it would
appear pure black on the print. In subsequent correspondence to the reporter
of this incident, the observer refers to himself as Chief of Staff of Panoramic
Research Laboratory, the letterhead of which lists photography among one of its
specialties. Yet, the negative was carelessly cut and hastily developed. It
is covered with streaks and overlaid a roll of six months, fully developed expo-
sures. An OSI agent discovered that a letter by this observer was published by
Amazing Stories magazine early this year. In this letter he stated that he
had been interviewed by two Federal agents, had given them pictures of "flying
discs" and that the pictures had not been returned. He requested the advice of
the magazine as to how to proceed to sue the Government. This individual is
aware of the whereabouts of those pictures, but has never requested their return.
There are other undesirable aspects to this case. The observer's character and
business affiliations are presently under investigation, the results of which
are not yet known. Dr. Irving Langmuir studied subject photographs, and after
learning of the prior passage of a thunderstorm, discounted the photo-graphed
object as being merely paper swept up by the winds.

AIC Opinion: In view of the apparent character of the witness, the con-
clusion by Dr. Langmuir seems entirely probable.