There is no photograph present in this image.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

---
Incident No. 24-3
Guide to Investigation J UNCLASSIFIED

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistance,etc.) none

15. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other -- degree of
brilliance): Object looked like a ball of cotton saturated
with luminous paint

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, canopies, etc.): none

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc -- sketch of flight path):

21. Manner of disappearance: Disappeared like a light turned off (no trees or
obstructions in line of vision)

22. Effect on clouds: no clouds

23. Additional information concerning object: Object had Fuzzy edges and was
like the flame of an acetylene torch which has just been lighted

24. Wcather conditions and light at time of sighting: no moon-stars out-
weather clear - good visibility

Name and.address of observer: George S. Dias, Pfo, AF3145824, 25383 Base Sv Sqdn
Orlando AFB, Orlando, Fla. Barracks 2717

Occupation and hobbies: Soldier, no particular hobbies

Observer has had military service from Nov '42 to the 2 Mar '46 and from
28 Sept '48 to date. From Mar '46 to Sept '48 Observer had several miscellaneous
Jobs, as Music Box repairman, and in Food stores and still mlls. Observer has
contracted at Confidential Agreement months Intelligence and character of observer
is this intelligence dept., FBI records, employer, etc.).

Observer is 25 years of age and advised that he had served a sentence at
Morgansa Pennsylvania Reform School from 1938 to 1939 or a charge of larceny of approx
$10,00 worth of Food Stuffs and $25.00 in money. Observer has no other record and
the MP Sgt in charge of his relief and fellow MPs advised th;t Observer "has learned his
lesson," and enjoys a good reputation in the Base Service Sqdn.

Did observer wear glasses, especially, polaroid glasses at time of sighting,
or were object viewed thru canopy, window, or other transperent material?

Observer did not wear glas.:e: and is not color-blind. Object was not viewed
through a window or .any other material.

DELETED DECLASSIFIED

---