The image provided is a page from a text document. There are no photographs on this page. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the output of all the text found in the document:

---

Lt. Col. Doyle Rees

UNCLASSIFIED

5. In addition to the men personally interviewed at Stations 340, 350, and
330, a telephone conversation was held with Inspector [redacted], who
had also heard the anomalous noises at Station 350. According to [redacted]
he first heard this noise (identified as the airplane motor of a Cub) at approx-
imately 3010, at which time the noise to him seemed to be almost directly over-
head at Station 350. The plans (noise) seemed to orbit his position for
approximately 2 minutes, and that the plane (noise) slowly receded toward the
northeast and continued to orbit at very low elevation in that direction for
approximately another 38 minutes.

6. On the basis of all the interviews held, the following summarizing
statements can be made:

    6.1. Each man interrogated was asked if at any other time during
    his experiences he had heard such noises as he heard on the night of
    December 30. Without exception, all answers were to this question were in the
    negative.

    6.2. Although six of the seven observers interrogated, in one way
    or another, associated the anomalous sounds with airplane noises, and
    questionings each man admitted that at certain respects the noise heard
    were unlike any planes noises he had ever heard. It was quite apparent that
    the men were attempting to describe very unusual sounds in terms of those
    aural noises with which, as former Air Force flyers, they were best
    acquainted.

    6.3. Since Weather Bureau reports indicate that the under surface of
    the overcast blanketing the Los Alamos area was at an elevation of approx-
    imately 13,000 feet, the identification of the noises observed with motorc-
    icles or of any type planes is obviously impossible. This impossibility
    had already occurred to all of the men interviewed, although they had
    estimated the under surface of the overcast to lie at a height of not more
    than 11,000-12,000 feet.

    6.4. The existence of the overcast not only suggests the possibility
    that the noises observed were really surface noises originating in the
    operation of heavy machinery and reflected from the overlying cloud layer
    in such fashion as to simulate sounds of aerial origin. Lt. Ohlson
    states that this possibility has been exhaustively investigated and is
    definitely ruled out. No heavy machines and none of the tanks stationed
    in the Los Alamos area were in operation during the interval when the
    noises were heard.

    6.5. Another possibility which occurred to nearly everyone who heard
    the noises was that: instead of originating in a low-flying Cub type plane,
    the sounds had their origin in a heavier aircraft plane flying above the
    overcast and presumably lost. This hypothesis is regarded as inacceptable
    for several reasons. In the first place, careful investigation has failed
    to reveal than any plane of the sort described was actually in flight over
    the Los Alamos area. In the second place, no radio distress signals or
    UNCLASSIFIED

---

Please note that some text is redacted and appears as [redacted].