The image contains a page from a document with no photographs present. The text from the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

It was in sight for approximately two to three seconds, moving very
fast, faster than a jet plane. Guide to Investigation of Unidentified
Copy of report on standard form "Critics" was in; downward, direction filed
Aerial Objects", furnished directly to ATIC and copy retained in files
of D.O. No. 10.

10. On 13 June, Captain EDWARD J. RUPPELT, Hq. 92d AI^R Bn, Camp
Hood, Texas, at approximately 2100 hours observed a brilliant light
in the sky. Observer was sitting in the patio in the rear of the
Camp Hood Officers Club and saw no brilliance light similar to a
meteorite. Estimated size 100 to 700 feet, with a tail extending to
150 rear 1000 yards. The object was green in color, while the tail was
colour yellow and green. "Observer estimated object to be 10 to 15
miles distant, moving at a speeds of 5,000 feet per second. Direction
of flight was west to southwest. Object was in sight from 5 to 10
seconds. Object was described as being three times the brilliancy
of a meteorite. Weather was clear, ceiling and visibility unlimited,
Complete report on form Hq 93720 "Critics" is on file and identified
Objects" furnished to ATIC by Fourth Army and a copy is retained in
in the files of D.O. No. 10.

11. This same object was also observed by Major ALEXANDER B.
McCORMICK, Hq. 749th AFA Bn, Camp Hood, Texas, from the patio in the
rear of the Camp Hood Officers' Club. Observer could not estimate
the size of the object, but stated it was round with a tail. Color
described from front to rear as being green, red, dark red, purple,
with dark out it end. Object was in sight approximately 30 seconds,
during which time it covered one-half and in its total an a meteoritical
bearc, arced 80 miles of sky overhead. Size is as resolved along metal
subjects at University of Oklahoma, and stated he definitely believed
object sighted was not a meteorite, and riding by the color of its
trail, observer believed object was burning a fuel of hydro-carbon
base. Copy of report has been furnished to ATIC, and a copy is re-
tained in the files of D. O. No. 10.

12. On 7 July 1949, l0th District OSl was advised by Major
PERRY C. WINN, "G-2" Section, Headquarters Fourth Army, that a request
had been directed through channels for the assistance of a 'Technical
Intelligence Team from Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson AFB, in
determining the nature of the aerial phenomena in the vicinity of Camp
Hood, Texas.

PENDING

UNCLASSIFIED

5