There are no photographs present on the page. Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Army PIO Officer, had been requested by the Naval Unit to handle all the
details of the conference to include the preparation of the itineraries.
Under these conditions, DETMCINNEY was present during the great portion
of the press conference and FELDMAN is assured that DETMCINNEY is aware
of the Naval person or persons who made subject release to the representatives
of this or the Los Angeles Times. An undated address is herein set forth
to interview Captain DETMCINNEY at his Los Angeles address. Inclosed is a
list of press personnel present at the conference and records of two phone
calls made to the PIO in regards to the article by MILES.

5. Captain WILLIAM A. GORRY and Commander DOUGLAS C. McLAUGHLIN,
U.S. Naval Unit, White Sands Proving Ground, were inxerviewed at their
office 07 19 September 1949, and advised that the Los Angeles Times had not
carried the article contained in the teletype. GORRY declared that WESLEY
MESS, contained no factual data whatsoever. GORRY declared that JAY MARX
MILES and CLINE ROBERTS were present as newspaper correspondents during
the firing of the Navy Rocket Viking and that during this period of two
or three days in which the firing of the rocket was postponed due to
technical malfunction, ROBERTS and MILES had questioned numerous Naval
personnel in regards to the sightings of flying discs and other aerial
Phenomena. GORRY admits that he did have a previous sighting, made
by himself, termed as 24 April 1949, details of same discussed. In regards to
the sightings, as cited in the newspaper article, which was alleged to have
been sighted on the Friday preceding the writing of the article, Captain
GORRY stated that one of the visitors at White Sands Proving Ground had de-
clared that he had observed strange objects in the sky, however, GORRY
placed no confidence in the statement and further doubted the validity
of the statement. On this basis, GORRY declined to divulge the name of
the person concerned. LARLE ELLIS, other than the validity of his article and
through this PIO officer cited further that the individual to whom was
GORRY strongly intimated that it is his belief that the article was written,
to meet the newsman in an effort to justify their presence and existence at White
Sands Proving Ground during the delayed firing of the "Viking" Rocket, de-
claring, "After all, they have to make a living too". The above was corrobo-
rated by Commander McLAUGHLIN. Both GORRY and McLAUGHLIN stated they
possessed no further knowledge concerning the article in question.

6. 1st Lt. ALEXANDER SZAIO, O-1699007, Photographic OFFICER,
White Sands Proving Ground, was interviewed on 19 September 1949 and de-
clared that to the best of his knowledge no photographs of flying discs
had been taken by either of the photographic units at WSPG, nor had any
photograph been taken which showed objects other than a missile or a ruicket. To
the best of SZAIO's knowledge, no photographs had been obtained of a flying
disc and ultimately rulnade, as stated by the article.

7. On 19 September 1949, Captain PAUL T. DAVIDSON, O-54119, Post
Tactical Enno Officer, was intarviewed at his office and has stated that to
the best of his knowledge, as substantiated ay his records, no actual or
```

(Note: The document appears to cut off at the bottom, and some words may not be fully captured.)