There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text from the document:

ROLFE - 24-78

CONFIDENTIAL
at a bearing of about 135o from the north, and at a dis-
tance that I would estimate as six (6) miles, which I
believe would put them over the Bay, beyond the airport.
This position was later confirmed by the traffic pattern
of several commercial airliners landing at the airport.
The objects were in plain view to me at the same time I
was observing the commercial-type airliners, and it was
quite evident that the objects were beyond the airport
traffic pattern, but in the exact direction of the airport.
The objects moved from southwest to northeast Baltimore,
and finally disappeared at a bearing of approximately 95o.
The altitude of initial observation was approximately 2500
from the horizon. However, on two occasions the unidenti-
fiable aerial objects flew in the direction of my vantage
point and reached a height of about 500. On these occa-
sions I was able to observe the objects more closely and
could more plainly confirm my initial description of the 
objects. The objects were black in color, with a dull sheen 
that showed no sun reflectivity. I was extremely impressed by 
the high degree of maneuverability and the terrific rate of 
speed at which the objects appeared to be traveling. The ob-
jects seemed to possess the ability to reverse their course
ion, instantaneously, as they would be flying in one direct-
ion, disappear for one to two seconds, and reappear flying on 
a course 180o opposite from the initial course. The objects
seemed to prefer in and around the small puffy clouds just be-
low the strato-cumulus cloud formation. I would estimate the
size of these objects to be about the size of a doubled fist
extended arm's length."

The x stated that during the time that he flew as a field gunner in 
the Air Force he observed airplanes from a distance and birds in flight
many, many times, and he was absolutely positive that what he saw on the
afternoon of 29 June 1949 was not something he had witnessed before in
his life. _____ further stated that he made several attempts the
next day to contact the proper authorities so that a report might be
made of the situation. On 1 July 1949 he went to the Old Navy Building
and talked to Captain ______, District Intelligence Officer, who told
him that he would turn the information over to the proper Air Force auth-
orities in Baltimore for investigation. _____ stated that he was
rather reluctant to make a report, due to the treatment he had received
from the "News Post", but, being an Air Force veteran, he felt it a 
patriotic duty to report the situation to the proper authorities.

AGENT'S NOTE: Mr ______ appears to be a very well educated, intelligent,
conscientious individual, and gives the impression of full sincerity in
the report of this matter. Mr. ROLFE is a commercial artist student,

UNCLASSIFIED
-8-