The image contains text, but there is no photograph present. Here is the text as transcribed from the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED
AFOSI - MSQ - ENTRY

DETAILS:

1. This investigation predicated upon underdeveloped lead requests contained
in the report of Special Agent JOHN F. FRAMPTON, of the 17th OSI District (IO),
Kirtland AFB, New Mexico, dated 21 September 1949, file number 21-3.

AT ST. LOUIS, MISSOURI

2. Captain EDWARD D. DECHENNEUD, O-45117, Ordnance, U. S. Army, Former
Public Information Officer, White Sands Proving Ground, interviewed 12 October 1949,
White Sands, New Mexico, to Braemar Men, Germany, was likewise enroute from
and stated he had been the Public Information Officer from August 1943 to 12 Septem-
ber 1949.

Captain WILLIAM A. GOREY, U. S. Navy, White Sands Proving Ground, in
preparation to test-firing the "Viking" rocket during the period 22-26 gets forth,
requested the presence of DECHENNEUD from the command of White Sands Proving
Grounds to assist the IO in the accommodation of and proper receiving from the
cover the firing of the Navy rocket. He was to assist naval Public Relations
Officers of the 12th Naval District, San Diego, California, who were in charge of
the party of press representatives. DECHENNEUD assisted in the billing, trans-
portation and orientation of the press representatives on the rocket firing facili-
ties of White Sands Proving Grounds. DECHENNEUD said he was in the members of
the press from the time they descended from their plane at about 1700 hours, 24
August 1949, at Connor Field, until their departure, 25 Augusts 1949.

DECHENNEUD recalled being present at two press conferences at which
all members of the press were assembled. The first conference occurred at the Navy
Officers' Mess and last no interva. GOREY made a short introductory talk and re-
cessional of the Navy Research Laboratory, gave a short talk on the "Viking" rockets.
A film of test-firing took place in the large ATS room of the Officers' Club and movies
of the "Viking" rockets and the German V-2 rockets were shown. (as conferences
reporters were advised by him certain phases of the "Viking" rocket were classified
and any information they were then taught at times was not to be printed and that
the Navy following the firing would hold a conference for all press representatives
at which conference all the phases of the firing would be covered and the press given
data they could use for publication). DECHENNEUD stated he was with one or more
members of the press at all times during the period of their visit and neither at
the conferences or elsewhere heard, either directly or indirectly, any mention or
discussion of Flying discs.

DECHENNEUD asserted that he found certain of the photographers and
reporters were interested in various phases of the Proving Ground itself. He re-
called that when he escorted the reporters to the Ballistic Measurement Section,
certain reporters and photographers were interested in photographing a tracking
telescope and simulating the tracking of a rocket in flight. The tracking tele-
scopes are located five to forty file miles from the Wtlte Sands Proving Ground
Headquarters, The reporters and photographers therefore because of this short
distance were misit by him to the Optical Tracking Section and school were they
learned of the functions and principles involved, regarded as pool photographers had
ample opprrwnity out of the hearings of both himself and Naval Operations Officers
ears talk to technicians and others on their spirit of the Proving Grounds, the

DO #12, USL 21-45
```