The image appears to be a scanned photocopy of a newspaper article and does not contain any photographs. The text from the document is as follows:

"CHARLOTTE OBSERVER - 30 December 1949

200-Mile Straight Line Marks Mystery Trail Of Strange Craft Over Carolinas

TINKERTY, Dec. 29—(AP)—A straight line on a map, extending 200 miles across the Carolinas, today marked the mystery-ridden trail of a strange flying object.

The object first was seen for 'approxiately' the time of an aircraft base at about 4:30 p.m. Wednesday. Within a half-hour, scores of residents in Hamlet, Chesterfield, S. C., and Greensboro, S. C., reported sighting it on its eerie flight through the western sky.

NO EXPLANATION
There was no explanation today of what the thing could have been, but observers attached significance to the fact that its path was straight for 200 miles. They noted also that after its 4:30 p.m. appearance at Fayetteville, it was seen at Hamlet 35 miles away, a few minutes later, and at Greensboro, more than 150 miles away, shortly after 5 p.m.

Descriptions of the flying object varied. At Fayetteville, it looked like a very fast moving light. At Hamlet it appeared to be a dirigible standing on end. And at Greensboro, a pilot who "chased" it in a light plane said it looked like a smoke trail coming from an unseen plane.

Ground observers at all four cities spoke of it "drifting" into the di-
rection of the setting sun. They said they were able to follow its southwestward flight for 10 minutes or more. But four pilots who rose in light planes at Hamlet and at Greenwood were unable to catch up with it.

Witnesses who saw the strange object included business and professional men, housewives, a city policeman, trained air pilots and a mayor.

One of the pilots, Philip A. Gribble of Greenwood, S. C., however, Mrs Alice Poteat, said that when it moved into the glare of the setting sun and approached the Seven Dolars he was unable to make out any of its features.

DISCOUNT REPORTS
Some observers discounted reports that it could have been reflection from the sun. They said for that deuce has been any rain for the sun.

And active aeronautic it could not have been a weather observation balloon. But the Charlotte weather station, noting that most reports said the object appeared to be silver colored, said that the weather bureau does not use balloons of that color.

Reports of the strange flight ac-
[continued on another page, not provided]"

It should be noted that the text contains some errors and may be incomplete due to the cut-off section, which is indicated by the hyphenation and shorthand "(...)" used to mark the transition. Additionally, it is referred to as "Tinkerty" at the start, but this may be a misprint; there is no known town by that name, and it might be a reference to a different location.