The image does not contain any photographs, only typewritten text. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

It was in sight for approx. 10 sec. and disappeared rapidly into the fay to the northeast. Observer was unable to ascertain size, speed. Copy of report on series l-2029-A-49 is forwarded, (subject: Aerial Object) furnished 4 June. A copy is in the records in the files of D. O. No. 10.

10. On 13 June, 
Hood, Texas, at approximately 2200 hours, observed a brilliant light in the sky. Observer was sitting in the rear of the patio of the Camp Hood Officers' Club and saw one brilliant light similar to a meteorite. Estimated size .20 to .30 feet, with tail extending to the rear 1000 yards. The object was green in color, while the tail was sodium-yellow, and green. Observer estimated object to be 70 to 100 miles distant moving at a speed of 5,000 feet per second. Direction of flight was west to south-east. Object was in sight approx. 5 to 10 seconds. Object was described as being three times the brilliancy of a meteorite. Weather was cloudy, ceiling and visibility unlimited. Complete report on form 112 to be forwarded upon completion of aerial Objects furnished to A-3 7 Fourth Army and a copy is recorded in the files of D. O. No. 10.

11. This same object was also observed from position in the rear of the Camp Hood, Officers' Club. Observer could not determine the size of the object, but stated it was round with a tail. Color as described from front. Object was a bright green, red, dark red, blue, with dark outline to rear and tail approximately 3000 feet long, during which time it covered one-half mile in about 25 seconds. Object being pursued. Visibility was unlimited, and it has also been reported subject at University of Texas, an effective gyro-compass, believed object sighted was not a meteorite, but judging by the color of its trail, observer believed object was burning a fuel of hydro-carbon base. Copy of report has been furnished to A-3, and a copy is re-tained in the files of D. O. No. 10.

12. On 7 July 1949, 17th District OSI was advised by G-2 Section, Headquarters Fourth Army, that a request had been directed through channels for the assistance of a Technical Intelligence Team from Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson AFB, in determining the nature of the aerial phenomena in the vicinity of Camp Hood, Texas.

PENDING UNCLASSIFIED

5