The image you have provided is a textual document; there is no photograph present in it. Here is the text content as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

A-2 OFFICE
ERNST HARMON AF FORCE BASE
(126th Air Base Group, NBC-MA73)
APO 856, % Postmaster
New York, New York

28 April 1949

SUBJECT: Report of Investigation - Unidentified Aerial Phenomena - 249

1. For details of observation of "Unidentified Aerial Phenomena -
see statements of observers and their interrogation attached hereto
as appendix Nos 3 and 4.

2. Mr. -------- -------- and Mr. -------- --------
were contacted at Bowater's Pulp and Paper Company, Corner Brook, Newfoundland, through the aid of the
local police and Bowater's Pulp and Paper Company.

3. The Investigator visited the scene of the observation twice with
the two observers and obtained signed statements from them. The state-
ments were considered to vague due to the length of time involved since
the incident, 11 February 1949, and the lack of education, and intelligence
of the observers; therefore, the investigating officer interrogated each
observer thoroughly. The results of each interrogation is covered on
the Guide to Investigation for each party.

4. All leads uncovered were traced with negative results. The bus
driver, who also observed the phenomena, could not be located. The buses
used in Corner Brook, Newfoundland, are private cars, individually owned
and do not operate on a set route or schedule.

5. Both observers were very inarticulate, and cannot read or write,
except for signing their names; however, each observer appears to be an
average Newfoundlander - a hardy, trustworthy type of individual, tending
to be more on the conservative side when stating facts; that is, it has
been this Officer's experience that a Newfoundlander of the types inter-
rogated is straight forward, truthful and does not tend to exaggerate as
much as some more literate and intelligent peoples.

6. Photographs were taken at the scene of the observation, on
25 April 1949, Curling East, Newfoundland and also at Patrise, Newfound-
land, to show the terrain and position of the phenomena. Appendix 2.

7. The terrain on which the object appeared to land is very rugged
and inaccessible and will have to be searched by air. The undersigned
will conduct a search as soon as the weather permits.

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS.
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
```