The image provided is a text document with no photographs present. As an OCR, here is the transcribed text from the document:

---
Page 2 Incident 396

Name and address of observer: Mr. [redacted], Avalon, Pa.

Occupation and hobbies: 
Chief Engr., Pittsburgh Coal Washer Co.

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):
Well educated, level-headed, and of good character.

NARRATIVE SUMMARY AT AMBRIDGE, PA.

Mr. [redacted], Chief Engineer, Pittsburgh Coal Washer Co., (residence at Avalon, Pa.), was interviewed at his place of employment on 15 June 1949 and stated that on 4 June 1949 at 1015 hours EDST, while enroute to Centerville Boro., Washington Co., Pa., accompanied by his brother, Mr. [redacted], he was proceeding in a southerly direction on the old Brownsville Road, approximately 1-1/2 miles southeast of Ginger Hill, Pa., when he first saw what he thought was an airplane. Upon glancing at the object again, it appeared to be very thin in respect to its diameter and traveling at least two the speed of an ordinary aircraft. He described the object as flying parallel to the road on which he was traveling, at approximately 4,000 feet and 1-1/2 miles to the right of old Brownsville Road. His brother estimated the object tilted approximately 45° and he noted that it was oval in shape and appeared to be highly polished, similar to highly polished aluminum. [text not clear] advised that the object did not maneuver in any way and there was no apparent evidence of exhaust or vaporization. The object appeared to be clean in its overall shape and there was no evidence of lights or projections. Mr. [redacted] so sound. Mr. [redacted] that the thickness of the object in relation to its diameter at thickest point was approximately ten percent (10%) and the diameter was comparable to the wing spread of a two-engine aircraft. The object was flying in straight and level flight, approximately twice the speed of conventional aircraft, and was in line of sight for approximately thirty (30) seconds. The object, according to [redacted], was lost from sight when trees along the road obscured the view. According to [redacted], his brother, who resides at 360 Jefferson Drive, at Lebanon, Pa., and was a passenger in the automobile at the time did not see the object. Mr. [redacted] advised he has been Chief Engineer for the Pittsburgh Coal Washer Co. for the past thirty-eight (38) years and has been interested, to a limited extent, in aviation. His chief hobby is his work which is engineering and drafting. [text not clear] stated his ability to distinguish colors, speed of objects and distances is a result of his everyday work requiring such knowledge.
---