The image displayed appears to be a page from a government report with a simple diagrammatic illustration, but there are no photographs present in the image. I will now act as an OCR system and reproduce the text from the document. 

---

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This investigation is predicated on a c...? from the 5th District OSI, Wright-Patterson AFB., dated 26 November 1949, requesting an interview with Mr. ----- ----- of Bloomington, Wis- consin, relative to an unidentified aerial object sighted by him.

AT BLOOMINGTON, WISCONSIN:

2. Mr. and Mrs. ----- ----- of Bloomington, Wisconsin, were jointly interviewed on 20 November 1949. Mr. ----- stated that on or about 19 August 1949 he and his wife went for a short drive in the country. At approximately 1500 hours, while driving his automobile in a northerly direction near the S... Airport in Glen Haven Township, Grant County, Wis., on seeing the shiny object an unidentified object at an altitude of approximately 450 feet was visible for a few moments. Mr. -------- saw an object come out from behind a small hill or ground elevation in a level flight parallel to the vehicle. He immediately called this unconventional object to the attention of his wife who also fleetingly viewed it. Mr. ------ stated that he is not familiar with methods of computing aerial height and therefore could not accurately judge the height in terms of feet, but estimated the object as being at the level of 450ft, or possibly a little higher; or at an altitude in normal travel conditions. He stated the object was travelling at a horizontal plane at an even keel, in a direct northerly direction and possibly 'tearing' a little to the east at an estimated speed of from two to three hundred miles per hour. He stated that no propulsion was visible, that the object appeared stable and that he could hear no exhaust or noise and that it gradually faded from view. The weather condi- tions were described as a clear, bright day. In describing the object, ----- stated that the body had the appearance of a round shiny mirror, approximately one foot in diameter with rod-like appendages, rudders or bars extending at approximately 10 inches on either side of the body. He described the width of the wing- like appendages as approximately one inch. A diagram of the object follows:

Length of appendages 10" - width of appendages 1"

UNCLASSIFIED

Body approximately 1 foot in diameter 

--- 

The rest of the document is illegible or cut off in the image provided.