There are no photographs present on the page.

Here is the text from the document:

---
Assuming the above volume to be typical, the contents of any other reasonable volume can be found by varying the number of stars appropriately with the volume, or with the radius used, S = 2 x  = 16, where S is number of eligible stars : is the radius or the volume in light years. (This Formula should only be used for radii greater than 15 light years. For smaller samples we call for a recount. For example, only one known eligible star other than the Sun lies within eight light years.)

Having an estimate of the number of usable stars, it is now necessary to make a guess as to the number of habitable planets. ie have only one observed sample, the Solar System, and the Fuss must be made with low "confidence, since intelligent life may not be randomly distributed at all.

The Sun has nine planets, arranged in a fairly regular progression of orbits (see reference 1, Appendix I). It then lends credence to theories that many stars have planets or at one nine planets, (one, the Earth) completely suitable for life. Tho majority (an adjustment orbits are near 5: masses! Mars has extremely vigorous livin- conditions, and Venus has an unsuitable atmosphere. Plowed very broadly indeed, that could mean that each star would have carries of planets so spaced that one, or possibly two, would have correct temperatures, correct moisture content and a troposphere to support civilized life. Let us assume that there is, on the average, one habitable planet per eligible star.

There is no line of reasoning or evidence which can indicate whether life will actually develop on a planet where the conditions are suitable. Here again, the Earth may be unique rather than a random samples. This writer can only inject some personal intuition into the discussion with the view that life is not unique on earth, or given the random result of a low probability, but the practically inevitable in the right conditions. This is to say, the number of inhabited planets is equal to those that are suitable!

One more item needs to be considered, Knowing nothing at all about other races, we must assume that Man is average as to technical advancement, environmental difficulties, etc. That is, one half of the other planets are behind us and have no space travel and the other half are ahead and have various levels of space travel. We can thus imagine that in our sample volume there are 111 races of beings who have begun space explorations. The formula on page 3 above now becomes

R = 11 x (  )
where R is the number of races exploring space in a spherical volume of radius  = 16 light years.

Arguments like those applied to Martians on page 2 need not apply to races from other star systems. Instead of being first not to call, Earth would possibly be reached only after many centuries of development and exploration with space ships, so that a visiting race would be expected to be far in advance of Man.
---