The image is a scanned document page and does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now extract the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

About 20 degrees above the horizon, the lower end
stopped descending, and turned suddenly eastward. I went into
the house and asked ***, Seth E., Low to come out to see the light.
When we again focused the glasses on the object, perhaps a minute 
or two after I left the yard, the luminous tail had become much
shorter in stock to about the upper end was fading slowly, and another
band of light of about the same intensity now extended eastward to the
north; the bright portion was a little east of the junction of the
two, and had bunched up, with a small wave or bright light curling
up from it; this merged into a fairly luminous portion still
moving eastward.

Rather rapidly, the brighter portion seemed to absorb
the eastward prolongation, until the whole had somewhat the shape
of a comet with two tails. The "gast" was a bright, swirling cloud
of light, and looked a bit like an astronomical nebula down through
a telescope. Soon the entire light began to fade, and was gone
by 1030.

I am familiar with the appearance of northern lights,
comets and meteor tray, and in my this was none of those phenomena;
it was the same time am not convinced that it was not astronomical.
It was impossible to think of mete alike, when they displayed west in
distant space, Or objects to the earth, even though try glass which
mentioned in the other portion. Can see relatively few objects
illuminations is clearly too great. The observed too of the eastern's
lights on the southern horizon, and a collapsing balloon might
account for the highest step except that I had though explain the
long-lingering glow of the upper end of on the light on that basis, and
the actions of the light were on what ones might expect of a
collapsing balloon, even if wind were blowing in the higher altitudes.

I hope this rather sketchy account may be of some
interest to you. I presume that whatever I saw, it was some
perfectly normal occurrence, and nothing extraordinary.

Yours sincerely,

[Signature redacted]

UNCLASSIFIED
--- 

Please note that some words are partially obscured in the document and appear fragmented or redacted. The sections with asterisks "***" indicate where text might be redacted or illegible.