The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with some text blacked out for redaction. Below is the text found in the document:

```
Page 2                                                     Incident ____723 B____

Name and address of observer:                  Winslow, Arizona

Occupation and hobbies:                Bus Driver
                                        Photography and Woodworking

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

Observer is intelligent and of good character

NARRATIVE SUMMARY

On 25 May 1949, Mr. (DELETED), Driver for the Continental Bus
System was interviewed and advised he observed the fireball or meteorite at 0155 on
15 April 1949, approximately 27 miles NE of Flagstaff, Arizona (approximate location
is within the area covered by rectangle on Exhibit A). Informant was driving a Santa
Fe trailways bus which was stopped, and was accompanied by the bus relief driver (Name DELETED).
As (DELETED) with his window closed, there appeared a sudden flash of light, and a blue-
green fireball from 5 to 10 seconds at approximately 20 to 30 degrees above the horizon.
Only one fireball was seen and it appeared to be over 1000 feets above the terrain
travelling a straight course in a northeasternly direction. The fireball was blue-green
in color and its brightness was similar to that of a star's. Size of the fireball
appeared to be slightly slower than that of a falling star. Interrogant as (DELETED)
was inside the bus, he heard no sound saw no evidence of smoke or exhaust, and did
not notice that it affected the clocks in any way. Informant advised the Fireball
disappeared behind an obstacle. (DELETED) said he has seen many falling meteors,
but none were as large and brilliant as the one seen on 15 April 1949. (DELETED) no other
of no other individual who had seen the Fireball.

(DELETED) has been employed as a driver for the Continental Bus System
approximately 5 1/2 years and has been driving the Winslow, Arizona-Needles, Calif
night route for 4 years. Subject enjoys photography and wood working as a hobby,
and spends most of his off duty hours at that hobby. Informant has no difficulty
determining color or speed of objects. His attention was drawn to the Fireball by
its brilliance and closeness. Informant has no criminal record, enjoys a good reputation
in his neighborhood, is intelligent, and of good character.
```