The provided image does not contain any photographs. It is a page of text from a document. I will now transcribe the text from the document as an OCR system would:

```
160 17-2

DETAIL(S Cont'd)                                     UNCLASSIFIED

degrees from the southwest. ------- called his helper's attention to the phenomena
and the helper, -------, put the time of the observation at exactly 0950 hours
MST. ------- stated that he had just taken his watch out to see if it wasn't time
for a break for coffee at the time. ------- substantiated -------'s description of
the phenomena. Both ------- and ------- stated that about two minutes after the
object had disappeared they heard two explosions in the direction they had last
observed the object. Both men stated that it was definitely two explosions and
not one explosion with an accompanying echo, ------- and ------- stated that the
object they had observed disappeared while still several thousand feet in the air
above the surrounding terrain, leaving a bluish-white puff of smoke or vapor.

6. On 5 April 1949, -------, employee of Cache Valley Electric Company,
Logan, Utah, was interviewed and described the object observed by him as being like
a ball of fire moving very rapidly straight down out of the sky and leaving a short
stream of smoke or vapor when it disappeared in the air. He estimated the
time at about 1000 hours MST and stated that the object was southwest from Logan
when he observed it.

7. 0n 5 April 1949, Sheriff WESLEY MALMBERT, Cache County, Logan, Utah was
interviewed and stated that he had not seen any phenomena but that he had received
reports of it from Sheriff LEI[HASN], Preston, Idaho and Utah State Highway
Patrolman ------- of Mantua, Utah. Sheriff MALMBERO and his deputies had gone
out into the country south and west of Logan to try to locate any possible plane
crash upon receipt of these reports. They found nothing in the areas searched.
According to Sheriff LES HANSEN's report to the Sheriff at Logan, a lady, later
determined to be Mrs. ------- of Fairview, Idaho, called and reported an ex-
plosion and some kids saw the "sputnick". Mrs. ------- stated that the two planes
must have collided in mid-air. Sheriff MALMBERO stated that about 1000 hours MST
reported to his office by Mr. ------- of Cornish, Utah that an object had been

8. 0n 5 April 1949, Mr. -------, 30 West Third North, Logan, Utah was
interviewed and stated that he was standing on the steps of the Field House, Utah
State Agricultural [.ollepe], Logan, Utah at 0950 hours MST when he observed an
orange-colored object overhead travelling to the south west and leaving a smoke
or vapor trail. Mr. ------- said that the object was approximately thirty (30) degrees
above the horizon, and travelling at a terrific speed when it disappeared. He could
give no estimate of the size or shape of the object.

AT CORNISH, UTAH

9. On 5 April 1949, Mr. -------, farmer of Cornish, Utah was interviewed
and stated that he was just returning from his barn to his home when he observed
a bright silvery object coming almost straight down out of the skies to the south
of his home. The object, according to ---------, left a trail of smoke or
vapor both above and below a very thin layer of clouds which were present at the

                                                                         UNCLASSIFIED
```

This transcription includes strikethroughs as "-------" to indicate redacted text.