The image provided does not contain any photographs; it is a text document classified as "UNCLASSIFIED." Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Page 2                                          Incident 312

Name and address of observer; Miss ██████████████████, Limona, Florida

Occupation and hobbies; Public Health Nurse

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s)
Appeared of high integrity and average intelligence but her estimates of speed
and size is perhaps below normal.

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

At 0500Z, 9 May 1949 Miss ██████ age 60, witnessed from the front
porch of her home in Limona, Florida, a bright, shining and flaming object in the sky.
This object was estimated to be anywhere from one-half mile to five miles away when
first sighted. (Not knowing the size of the object she was unable to make a good
estimate of the distance). When first sighted the object was shining through the
tree tops but later rose to an angle of about twenty degrees above the horizon ere
dropping again to disappear behind the horizon.

It was in sight for approximately fifteen minutes and had the appearance of an
extremely bright moon with a ragged flaming border but was not so bright as to blind
the observer. The flaming border seemed to droop at the bottom, forming a short
ragged tail-like effect. Then first seen it appeared to be about the size of a dinner
plate. When last seen, after it had moved some distance away, it appeared to be about
the size of a tea saucer.

The object was first sited to the west of the observer behind tree tops, it
then rose with a quivering motion to about the height of a fourteen-story building.
Then it moved slowly back and forth, up and down, and from side to side with an
irregular quivering motion, working its way toward the west to eventually disappear
below the horizon. The movements were not rapid.

There was no evidence of a trail or exhaust. No smoke and no odor. There were
no clouds, haze, or smoke reportedly by the observer.

The object shone with a steady light for the entire period of observation.
There were no apparent means of support, propulsion, or control. There were
no air ducts, slots, or openings.

The estimated speed was similar to that of an airship, perhaps from twenty
to forty miles per hour. It made no sound.

It disappeared from sight by dropping below the horizon.

UNCLASSIFIED
```