The image is a scanned page of text with no photographs. I will provide the text content as an OCR output:

```
Page 2 Incident ---- 250

Name and address of observer: Weather Bureau
                                   Cleveland, Ohio
Occupation and hobbies:

Chief Weather Bureau, Cleveland Municipal Airport

Comments or Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of
observer(s):

NARRATIVE SUMMARY
AT CLEVELAND; OHIO

On 22 April 1949 and 5 May 1949, Mr. ------, Chief, Weather Bureau,
Administration Building, Cleveland Municipal Airport, Cleveland, Ohio, stated in
substance that at about 2300 hours on 6 April 1949, he was driving from Gladys
Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio, to his house at 16900 Truax Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio,
when he noticed 3 red objects about three to five miles high to the south by
southwest. It was about 45 degrees, had a swaying motion, and a translation in
northeasterly. From somewhere, the object appeared to be approximately 3 1/2
miles east arid equivalent to the 100 watt light in the AT&T Towal. The object
had no flame, trail, or odor and made no noise in the object traversed eastward,
moving very slowly, and was visible about 15 to 20 minutes. The object appeared
to be about 6-7000 feet high. There were no clouds and there had been clear
visibility from 2200 hours. The night before there was a strong meteor and the
night after this incident, the Northern Lights. ------ stated that at first he
thought it might have been a lantern on a balloon as a candle would burn port-
-antly if free air since a balloon would be moving with the wind. however, it
got slower,dimmer and then faded out completely. There is a projection or ceil-
ing light at the north by northeast edge of the airport which confuses some
people. This light is exactly 1176 feet from the Control Tower at the Airport
and projects a light straight up and shines into the clouds. Some observes
think the beam of light is moving when the clouds pass through the beam and
get the mistaken idea that this is a "Flying saucer". Mr. ------ marked the
course that was taken from Gladys Avenue to Truax Avenue, Cleveland, and the
approximate location of the object. (See Inclosure 1, Local Aeronautical Chart).
Mr. ----- also furnished copies of the official weather report for 5, 6, and
7 April 1949 (See Inclosure 2).
```

Please note that personal information has been redacted in the original document to maintain confidentiality as is common practice in many official records.