The image provided is a scanned photocopy of a typed document and does not contain any photographs. Here is the text from the document:

```
DETAILS:

1. Reference letter from District Office No. 5 requested that investiga-
tion be conducted concerning *****'s alleged sighting of a flying disk
in the Territory of Alaska during the summer of 1947. This request was made by
DO #5 as the result of an article appearing in the 22 September 1949 issue of the
"Journal Herald," Dayton, Ohio, which article read as follows:

"FILM ACTOR FINDS FLYING DISC,
BUT PRESS AGENT DOUBTS TALE

By ALINE MOSBY

"HOLLYWOOD, Sept. 13. – (UP) Having taken care of rocket ships,
atomic bombs and Superman, Hollywood now is starring a Flying saucer in
a movie.

"The Army's last decision was there isn't any such thing, but this
has not dampened the spirit of actor Mikel Conrad. He is acting in, pro-
ducing, directing and writing 'The Secret of the Flying Saucers.'

"The star, he insists, is a whirling disc, or reasonable facsimile
thereof. The movie is a spy mystery which also features a blond heroine,
a handsome hero and Russians as the villains.

"Idea While on Location

"The actor got this colossal idea, he says, while on location in
Alaska last winter for a Universal-International movie, "Arctic Manhunt."

"'I heard about flying saucers there so I went back last summer
with a camera crew from Whitehorse (Y. T., Canada) and two players, Pat
Garrison and Hans Von Teuffen,' he says.

"'I found a saucer, I'm not telling how,' a claim not believed even
by one of his press agents.

"'I'll have scenes of the saucer landing, taking off, flying and doing
tricks. The saucer is not created in miniature or by trick photography.
It is a mechanical, man-made object.'

"Whether it is a dishpan sailing across the camera or some garage-
made contraption, he won't say.

"Conrad and crew shot silent footage around Juneau for three months.
He'll begin shooting interior scenes and dubbing in sound Sept. 26, he
says.

"His press agents have seen part of the film. They report it has
some nice avalanches. They did not see any Flying saucers.

2
```