The image provided is a scanned page of text; there are no photographs present.

Here is the text as an OCR system would produce:

---
No. 205. If description is accurate, i.e., "wings on fuselage,"
roar of engine, circling object, possibility of weather balloon is
remote. Also, latest time of release for Clark Field was four hours
prior to sighting. Also, note F.B.I. to move character of observer.

No. 207. Definitely not a weather balloon.

No. 206. Object sighted about four hours after last scheduled
release time. Upper air flow pattern gives no indication of possibility
of weather balloon drifting in from another station. Also balloon would
have to have loitered to remain at 30,000 ft.

No. 209. Determined to have been twin-engined bomber.

No. 210. Summary sheet missing; no altitude given; time incorrect,
pattE3n' WEF 5ot snedulod balloon release time. If direction is correct,
objects were flying into the wind. Cannot be determined conclusively.
Inclined to bol1evp objects were Jet aircraft.

No. 211. Very Pistol.

No. 212. Object sighted three hours after release time of similar-
apolis and Ft. Wayne balloons. Defective balloon could have rationalized
low earth to be seen and upper winds indicate that such a balloon would
have been in the Dayton area at the time sighted. All other statements
of observers seem to indicate that the object was a weather balloon.

No. 213. Evidently refers to the same object as in Incidents No. 212,
but with entirely different description. If so, if accurate, raises con-
sideration. Or 212 obviously incorrect. If not same object, certainly
not a weather balloon, as definite pattern not major, as described, not
possible under existing wind flow conditions.

No. 214. No information whatsoever.

No. 215. Very high winds 70-70 m.p.h. from SW at all levels,
definitely would have prohibited any balloon from making any southerly
motion. Also, last scheduled released time was three hours prior to
sighting at 1,000 feet. No time in sight given so balloon out of rate
of climb to 20,000 foot. Fairly conclusively, not a balloon of any kind.

No 216. Object reported moving directly into 70 M.P.H. head
winds at an estimated 350 M.P.H. Observer is a professional weather
observer and should know a weather balloon. Also, reported sighting
was four hours after scheduled release time.
---