The image does not contain any photographs. It is a textual document. The following is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. On 7 May 1949, Captain DUROAL C. PERKINS, Asst. G-3, 2nd
Armored Division, observed an unusual light at Camp Hood, Texas.
Captain PERKINS, at approximately 2130 hours, was validating a map coordi-
nate 913.5 - 854.5 and saw an object brighter than the stars. Object
remained stationary for approximately thirty-five (35) minutes, was
round and twice the size of the brightest star visible. Color varied,
being predominantly white, varying to blue with flashes of red. No
maneuvers were observed, and the weather was generally fair with
scattered clouds and a wind from the south, velocity of abut 15 miles
per hour. Observer followed object both with the naked eye and through
field glasses. The standard form "Guide to Investigation, Unidentified
Aerial Objects" has been furnished AIC and copy is retained in files of
District Office No. 10.

2. On 23 May 1949, Lieut. TOHI S. GROSSCLOSS, 1st Company G, 6th
Tank Battalion, 2nd Armored Division, Camp Hood, Texas, observed an
unusual light. Observation was made at 2210 hours from Observation
Post No. 1, map coordinates 913.5-854.5. GROSSCLOSS saw one light about
three feet in diameter, round in shape, and changing from amber to
greenish yellow in color. The object was in sight for approximately
two to three minutes, and was about 1,500 yards from the Observer.
Speed was slow and object appeared to grow. No measurements were made.
Observation was made without assistance of optical instruments. Object
was north of the observer and traveled from east to west, then from
west to east. Pvt. V.E. HAFFORD, Company "H", 14th AIB, 2nd Armored
Division, Camp Hood, Texas, made observation at the same point and at
the same time, and described the object as being two or three feet in
diameter, smaller than the moon, was round and was red when first seen,
then changed to a greenish color. Object was in sight for two to three
minutes, travelied from east to west, then from west to east, disappearing, 
then re-appearing, moving slowly when first sighted, travelling some-
what faster on second observation. Flight was level and the object
appeared to glow like a "light through a window". No optical instru-
ments were used in the observation.

3. On 23 May Pvt. JAMES F. GEBDER, Company "H", 424 AIB, 2nd
Armored Division, Camp Hood, Texas, while on guard at Observation
Post no. 1, map coordinates 913.5-854.5, observed unusual lights. Time
of observation was 2330 hours, and this object seen was one light which
re-appeared approximately twenty times, described as being round, about
the size of a half dollar. Color was similar to that of a light bulb.
Object was in sight for several seconds and moved straight up and down.

UNCLASSIFIED
2
```