There is a photograph at the top left of the document page. It appears to be a small, dark object with a lighter background. The object is too small and distant to discern its details, and the background too blurry to recognize any features. It may be a photograph relevant to the UFO report, but nothing specific can be stated from this image alone.

Here is the text from the document:

---

trolled. As a second possibilitv, evolution may have
developed a being who can withstand the rigors of the
Martian climate. Or the race may have perished.

These possibilities have been sufficiently expounded in
the pseudo-scientific literature to make further amplifi-
cator superfluous. However, there may exist some Interest-
ing restructions to the anatomy and physiology of a Martian.
First of all, to escape from their lighter pull one has
pletely altered respiratory system for warm-blooded creatures,
if the atmosphere's pressure is much below the vapor pressure
of waten at the body temperature of the individual then process
of breathing with our type of lungs becomes impossible. On
Mars the critical pressure for a body temperature of 98.6° F.
occurs when a column of the atmosphere contains one sixth the
mass of a terrestrial column or Mars the critical body temp.
of 770°, the critical mass ratio is reduced to about one
twelfth, and at 50° F. to about 0.19 twenty-fourth. If the
critical values are of the same order as the values estimated
for the Martian atmosphere. Accordingly, the anatomy and phys-
iology of a Martian may be radically different from ours but
this is all conjecture.

We do not know the origin of life, even on the Earth. We
are unable to observe any signs of intelligent life on Mars.
The reason may form a continuation. If the believes that the
life force is universal and that only intelligence brings may he
once developed on Mars, he hesitates to imagine that they he
ages tested for countless generations for a rate atmosphere which
is nearly devoid of oxygen and water, and on a planet where
the nights are much colder than our arctic winters. The ex-
istence of intelligent life on Mars is not impossible but it is
completely unproven.

It is not too unreasonable to a step further and consider Venus
as a possible home for intelligent life. The atmosphere, to be sure,
apparently consists mostly of carbon dioxide with deep clouds of
methadeye droplets, still there seems to be little or no water.
Yet ultraviolet organisms might develop in chemical environments that
are strange to us: the vegetable kingdom, for example, operates
on a fundamentally different energy cycle from Man. Bodies might
be constructed by a force with a different chemistry. In other
physical principles than any of the creatures we know. One thing
is evident: fishes, insects,cni mammals all manufacture within
their own bodies complex chemical compounds that do not exist as
minerals. To this extent, life is self-sufficient and might well
adapt itself to any environment with certain limits of temperature
(and size of creature).

Venus has two handicaps relatWe to Mars. Her mass, and gravity,
are nearly as large as for the Earth (Mars is smaller) and her

26

---