The image provided is a typed text document and does not contain any photographs.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, here is the transcription of the document text:

```
UNCLASSIFIED     File No. 29-39

As the result of the emergency landing, four fence posts bent completely
out of shape, and forty-five feet of fencing badly mangled, torn loose 
and stretched. As the pilot was a civilian, the matter was referred
to the F. B. I., and a report submitted from San Antonio Field Office
of that organization indicates this individual to have been CHARLES EDWIN
CARLOW, residing at 1316 Wallace Ave., Taylor, Texas. The aircraft
was a Ballanca Monowing, red in color, No. NC 74063. Investigation by
the F. B. I., indicated nothing unfavorable regarding subject's loyalty
to the United States.

     7. On 6 June 1949, 1st Lieut. VIRGIL H. WILLIAMS, "B" Battery,
4th AFA Bn, and 2nd Lieut. HAWLEY L. JONES, "C" Battery, 4th AFA Bn,
Camp Hood, Texas, observed aerial light. The observers were at Artillery
OP No. 2, Camp Hood, Texas, map coordinate 9155-7553. Time of obser-
vation was approximately 2105 hours. Object was in sight for two
minutes and forty seconds. Object was described as being initially one,
dissintegrating into two smaller balls like jet wash in the air. Was
2 to 3 miles in a EC Scope. Object was approximately one mile above
the surface, described as being round emitting a dull glow, changing in
color, similar to a ball of fire. Object observed through BC Scope,
and initially appeared stationary, then moved in level flight, being
tracked with constant turn on BC Scope. The object seemed to disinte-
grate into smaller objects which disappeared in a fraction of a second.
The sky was overcast, but the object was described as being dull as a
flashlight with "slack-out disk." No sound or odor was observed.

     8. Same object was observed by Lt. BERNARD G. RATTERREE, 92d AFA
Btry, 92d AFA Bn, and Lieut. ALFRED H. JOHNS, "C" Battery, 92d AFA
Bn, Camp Hood, Texas, from Artillery Observation Post No. 1, Camp Hood,
Texas, map coordinates 9135-7500-5797.700. The second set of observers
indicated the object to have been one or perhaps two side by side, round
in shape and yellow or orange in color. Size was about that of a dime
held at arms length. Observers stated object was fairly dull until
it burst, and upon bursting parts went up and down and faded out. OP
No. 1 observed object on an azimuth of 2410 mils, and OP No. 2 obser-
ved on an azimuth 2711 mils. Report on form "Guide to Investigation,
Unidentified Aerial Objects" furnished by both sets of observers to 
A/AC through Fourth Army. Copies of these reports are on file in D.O.C.
No. 10.

     9. On 13 June 1949, 1st Lieut. LEE R. GAITHER, Hq., 92d AFA 
Bn, Camp Hood, Texas, observed aerial light at approximately 2015 hours.
Observer was walking south on 162nd Street, near intersection of Ogle
Avenue, Camp Hood, Texas, and saw one bright light in the sky, the size
of a flame; described as being round; whitle in color with a pink trail.

                                                  UNCLASSIFIED

4
```

Please note that manual transcription may not be perfect and may contain errors.