The image is a scanned document and does not contain a photograph. Here is the text present in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Washington 5, D.C.
May 13, 1949

Technical Intelligence Division
Air Materiel Command Headquarters
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

Last month I observed a phenomenon in the sky that I
assumed to be astronomical, and as I could not identify it, I wrote
to the Harvard Observatory in this; The Observatory answered that
it was not astronomical, and as a phenomenal not strictly [?]
writes in the Saturday Evening Post that you wish to be informed
of such observations, so I am addressing you on the subject.
My reason for writing is partly that someone else may have reported
the same event to you, and my notes will serve as verification.

Unfortunately, I do not recall the exact date. I you
wish, you can obtain it by procuring my letter from the Harvard
Observatory, which was written half an hour after the occurrence.
I believe it was on April 13 or 23.

At 10:15, P.M., I returned to my home at Unity, Maryland,
about 25 miles north of Washington, D.C., five miles north of
Olney, Md. It was a dark, moonless night, with fair horizon-to-
starlight, and --I had no lights in the air, sky, and mist.
There was no wind; a damp made up the weather pattern and looked
a rather faint broad streak of luminosity about 50 degrees above
the horizon. The lower end appeared to be dropping toward the
southern horizon.

I carry 7 x 50 binoculars in the car, so I immediately
got them out and focussed them on this light. It appeared brighter
through the glasses, and could be seen to be a ribbon of light,
perhaps one or two degrees wide, elongating radially toward the
ground. The upper and lower end of this band were rather faint,
but the central portion was much brighter. This central portion
formed two very bright parallel streaks, with fainter luminosity
between them. I could see nothing that appeared to be solid,
and there were no sparks or other lights evident. This condition
is shown in sketch #1.

[Signature Redacted]

5-19
```