The image provided does not contain any photographs; it is a page of text from a document. Below is the text transcribed from the document:

```
C O P Y                          UNCL
                               PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA

I,
                                    October 2l, 1949

----------------------- of ----, Pennsylvania, prior to malking th-
affidavit contained in the following paragraphs, has been aavised b,., an
Z. TOWNSTRP. who has identified himself to mo as a special agent. Office of
Special Investigations, USAF, that I do not have to make any statement and that
any statement I may male mzy be used against me in a court of law. I have
also been informed of my right to have an attorney. All such understandings.
I make the following statement of my own free will and accord, and no threat
or fear of punishment and without inducement and promist or hint of reward.

On the night of 26 June, 1949, at approximatel-y 2000 hours, I sighted what
appeared to be a "brilliant and exceptionally large meteor". I was seated on
the lawn of my friends, Mr. ---- whose home my wife and I
were visiting, and was looking toward the northeastern sky. There was no
clouds and visibility was goed. This item is within 20 feet of the Tioga
Reservoir belonging to the Philadelphia Suburban Water Company, and southeast
of the Puchess House. It isi about 20 feet above the reservoir.

The object appeared as a blue-green "moon" and was, I would etimate, between
1/2 and 2/3 of the size of the, diameter of the moon. It appeard 2 degrees
below the star Altair in the head of the handle of the Rig Dipper, facing
the usual fireball, it did soim to streak, or light steadily growin
brighter, but at the full size. There was no question of any confusion with
the moon or a planet, as it was many times larger than any planet, and as,
of course, the moon or a planet could not be in this direction.

The object moved in a southerly direction through about 20 degree of arch in 
3 to 3 1/2 seconds, and disappeared behind the roof of the Furges house. It
was also seen by Mrs. ---- who locked arount, on
to a bluish green glow above the hill, but my wife, who locked the othr way,
saw no such trail.

Unlike the usual fireball, the appearance was not accompanied by a hissing
sound nor was it followed by any thunder sounds. It was not folloved by any
lighted trail.

As to its acutal size, height or speed, I can make no statement, as of couve,
any one of these factors would be dependent on the other. As noted aove,
its diameter was about 1/2" of arc and it moth through aboit 20 degrees of
arc in 3 to 3 1/2 seconds. Calculating very roughly, if it was 50 miles
away, the altitude would be about 20 miles and the speed aobur 7 miles a second;
if the distance was greater, both altitude and speed would also be greater,
and the revernse would apply if it was neaner. It was about 30 degrees above
the horizon when it appered and about 15 degrees when it disapeared behind
the house.

As noted above, it was a circular disc and there was no sian of any exhaust.
I have never previouly seen a large fireball and was somewhat surprised that
it was not blinding, but gave out a little less light than the full moon.

                                                [Signature block redacted]
                                                 UNCL
```
Please note that due to the quality of the document, some words were indecipherable, and "---" has been used in place of the redacted or indecipherable text.