There are no photographs in this document. It is a text-only page.

Here is the text from the document:

---
CALDXELL, et al - 24-98 UNCLASSIFIED

is located about two miles from the old Upton Farm, where CALDWELL developed the aircraft models. [redacted] stated that he had been approached by [redacted] sometime about 1939 concerning hanger space and the use of his shops in the development of the models. [redacted] stated that he was interested in the idea until 17. CALDWELL stated that he desired to pay for the services with stock in the company. [redacted] stated that he took one look at the model that CALDWELL was building on the Upton Farm, and told him that he did not want to have anything to do with it. [redacted] stated that he knew nothing else about the matter, but he believed that one of his mechanics, a Mr. John H [redacted], had worked for CALDWELL during the building of the model on the Upton Farm.

On 18 August 1949, Mr. [redacted], a mechanic employed by The Standard Air Service Corporation, was interviewed at the Glen Burnie Air port, and stated in substance that he had worked with Mr. CALDWELL for several months on the rotorplane and the Gray Goose. [redacted] stated that he was told by CALDWELL that the Grey Goose flew in the Washington, D.C. area for about 15 minutes and reached a height of about 50 feet.
Mr. GAZZIL said that most of his work had been done on the rotorplane, which he attempted to test by because "everyone else was afraid to". The rotor-plane was powered by a 1938 (?) Chrysler aitcraft engina and failed lift itsolf off of the ground during thes tests. [redacted] stated that the aircraft was small and he expected the thing to fly apart at any time. CALDWELL had a small model of the rotroplane powered by a 1/4 h.p. electric motor that would lift 14 pounds several feet off of a table. [redacted] described the model as a beautiful job of construction. [redacted] stated that CALDWELL left in a hurry during the night, leaving the models behind, but the small working model of the rotorplane has not been seen since CALDWELL disappeared.

[redacted] and Mrs. [redacted] were cautioned by Special Agents BELK and von HAUCH, as well as Trooper HARDRAUGH, who was present during the interview, that the investigation was of a classified nature and they were not to talk about the investigation to anyone.

Mr. [redacted], residing on the Upton Farm, was interviewed on 19 August 1949 and stated that an aircraft engine had been attached to the Gray Goose until about a year ago. At that time two white men, about twenty years of age, came to the Upton Farm in a 1933 Chevrolet and removed the engine, fuel and oil tanks and all of the fuel lines and wiring from the Gray Goose. He knew nothing else that would contribute to this investigation.

On 18 August 1949, Mr. [redacted], caretaker on the Upton Farm, was interviewed for the second time, and stated that he had no knowledge of the removal of the engine, but two young men had come to his house about a year ago and said that they were interested in removing the fuselage of the Gray Goose. After examining it, they decided that it

-6- UNCLASSIFIED
---