There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Lafayette, Indiana,
July 24, 1949.

The undersigned and a friend, both of Lafayette, 
were fishing at the Merrill stone quarry just back of the Monon
Railroad station at Delphi, on the evening of Saturday, July 23rd.

At approximately 11 P. M. Daylight Saving Time, ^ 
called to me, saying: "What are those lights flying around in
the sky?"

I came over and looke where he pointed. There were
two luminous objects in the sky to the north of Delphi, at an 
proximate elevation of 1,500 feet. The two objects were soaring
in circles. The one on the right was flying horizontally in an 
orbit, clockwise. The object on the left was flying in an orbit,
counter-clockwise.

," I said: "Those must be the flying disks of which
I have heard." We watched the objects. As they approached the
near portion of the orbit they would emit a phosphorescent flare.
They were flying at a terrific speed, and as they flashed around
the would appear face toward us, then as they disappeared on 
they far swing of the orbit, would appear to show the "flat portion
which appeared as a glowing straight line until they faded from 
view.

The course which these objects took, while flying in
circles, was somewhat erratic. They would dip and dive just as
would a plane taking evasive action.

We had two flashlights, and we focussed the two spots
together and held the objects as they came past, just as a hunter
leads a flying pheasant. Then it was that we could make out that
they were tangible objects. They appeared to we ma.de of some
shining metal, aluminum or magnesium, and appeared to be, as well
as we could judge from their estimated height, about the size of a 
five room house in the area they covered.

I then went across the road to a house and found a man
sitting on the porch. I got him to come out and look at the ob-
jects. He said that he was going to call the editor of the Delphi
paper, and the police department.

Shortly after this several powerful searchlights swept
the sky, following the disks; those of the police or fire department,
I presume.

UNCLASSIFIED
```