The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scan of a text document, and I will provide the OCR output of the text:

UNCLASSIFIED
see Captain GORMY since the release had been made to newspapers covering the Navy rocket firing. DEREBIEANY recalling the context of the article stated that it did not mention any specific branch of the Armed Forces as having been the source of the information but it did mentioned that two high ranking officers had discussed the downed discus. The Secretary after this time at the suggestion of someone at Capt. GORMY and asked him about the release of the story regarding flying discs at White Sands Proving Ground. GORMY professed curiosity with this and during the rest the Navy servicing of discs in the Spring and that they got this story from (not clear). DEFEATEDLY judged from Captain GORMY’s manner and altitude that he did not convey the release of the story to the news as anything very serious. It is DEFEATEDLY’s opinion that GORMY does not believe the tracking of so-called flying discs as anything unusual.

DEFEATEDLY revealed that from 7 April 1949 to 30 May 1949, he was in attendance at the Radiological Defense School at a school, unlisted… Upon his return to White Sands Proving Ground he resumed his duties as Public Information Officer and while reviewing the available range of white range diary and also a Sgt. TELLMAID verbally informed DEFEATEDLY that he had heard of the actual tracking by telescope at White Sands Proving Ground of what was believed to be a flying discus. DEFEATEDLY stated he learned this information up and interviewed the COOP YAMAHA, _ Ballistic Evaluation Section, White Sands Proving Ground, who informed DEFEATEDLY that no official report had appeared in official journals. Furthermore, * that he could find no official report or reports made of such to the Public Information * OFFICER of the White Sands Proving Ground and he saw nothing in the press reports concerning it.

On or about 6 July 1949, line, SCIORA, Public Information Officer, National Military Establishment, visited delor in D.C., made a one day blind trip to the sands Proving Grounds on a special authorization, sawmto the Guided Missiles Information on possible lead for overhead display watcher, conductor who visited the Travail on portions of files and showed to Commander McLAUGHLIN, who, during the this to reveal disclosedly and his two (unintelligible) persons, information regarding the traveling of the flying discs in the Spring by Varval while Sands Proving Ground personnel. Also GHOLGLYN and his interrupted McLAUGHLIN and advised him that the Army Public Information Officer at White Sands considered the information classified. DIDDERENCKLY did this to protect the classification of the material and to call the attention of SCRIMM to the position of Army Arizona in December. Also exhibited a 29 folded to DEMONSTRATION that this was all known to Information that a statement to McLaughlins did not know what to talk Figure intended to question. Beyond the statement stayed that he McLAUGHLIN proceeded to go into the details for SCRIMM of the traveling accomplished by his personnel. DEMONSTRATEDLY again took occasion to interrupt McLAUGHLIN and reiterated to him the position of the Army and the manner it treated the subject. After leaving McLaughlin’s office, DEFERMEDLY told SCRIMM that the White Sands Proving Ground’s Public Information Officer considered all information gathered on flying discs classified and any release regarding them would from official information channels in Washington.

REFERRED UPON COMPLETION TO THE OFFICE OF ORIGIN

UNCLASSIFIED

DD #12, OSI 21-65
2