The image is a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which does not contain any photographs that can be described. However, I can read the text from the document. Here's the text:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

As the result of the emergency landing, four fence posts bent completely 
out of shape, and forty-five feet of fencing badly mangled, torn loose 
and stretched. As the pilot was a civilian, the matter was referred 
to the F. B. I., and a report submitted from San Antonio Field Office 
of that organization indicates the object to have been CHARLES EDWIN 
CARLOW, residing at 1316 Wallace Avenue, Taylor, Texas. The aircraft 
was a Ballanca Monowing, red in color; No. NC 74403. Investigation by 
the F. B. I., indicated nothing unfavorable regarding subject's loyalty 
to the United States.

7. On 6 June 1949, 1st Lieut. VIRGIL H. WILLIAMS, "B" Battery, 
14th AFA Bn., and 2nd Lieut. HAWELL L. JONES, "C" Battery, 14th AFA Bn., 
Camp Hood, Texas, observed aerial light. The observers were at Artillery 
OP No. 2, Camp Hood, Texas, map coordinates C9135-7555-3530. Time of ob-
servation was approximately 2105 hours. Object was in sight for two 
minutes and forty seconds. Object was described as being the size one, 
disintegrated into two smaller discs twelve feet in diameter. Initially was 
2 to 3 miles in a EC Scope. Object was approximately one mile above 
the surface, described as being round emitting a dull glow, orange in 
color, similar to a ball of fire. Object observed through BC Scope,
and initially appeared stationary, then moved in level flight, being 
tracked with constant turn on EC Scope. The object seemed to disinte-
grate into smaller objects which disappeared in a fraction of a second. 
The sky was overcast, but the object was described as being dull as a 
flashlight with slack-out disk. No sound or odor was observed.

8. Same object was observed by Lt. BERNARD C. RAIRIGH, 92nd 
Batt’y, 92d AFA Bn., and Lieut. ALFRED H. JONES, "C" Battery, 92d AFA 
Bn., Camp Hood Texas, from Artillery Observation Post No. 1, Camp Hood, 
Texas, map coordinates 9135-390 - 557700. The second set of observers 
indicated the object to have been one or perhaps two side by side, round 
in shape and yellow or orange in color. Size was about that of a dime 
held at arms length. Observers stated object was fairly dull until 
it burst, and upon bursting part went up and dawn and faded out. OP 
No. 1 observed object on an azimuth of 2640 mils, and OP No. 2 obser-
ved on an azimuth 2771 mils. Report on form "Guide to Investigation, 
Unidentified Aerial Objects" furnished by both sets of observers to 
A/7C through Fourth Army. Copies of these reports are on file in D.O.C. 
No. 10.

9. On 13 June 1949, 1st Lieut. LEE R. CAITTEBARRY, Hq. 92d AFA 
Bn., Camp Hood, Texas, observed aerial light at approximately 2015 hours.
Observer was walking south on 162nd Street, near intersection of Oak 
Avenue, Camp Hood, Texas, and saw one bright light in the sky, the size 
of a flame; described as being round, white in color with a pink trail,

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that the document contains sensitive material that pertains to UFO reports and military personnel, and it is marked as "UNCLASSIFIED."