The image does not contain a photograph; it is a typed document page.

Here is the text from the document:

```
Page 2                                                                             Incident 319
                                                                                                Location Idaho
Name and address of observer; Mr. [REDACTED], Lewiston, Idaho
                                                                                                 c/o Lewiston Tribune

Occupation and hobbies; Newspaper reporter


Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s)


NARRATIVE SUMMARY;
Last seen, the objects appeared to be approximately 7:30 o'clock, travelling skyward. 
He stated that the distance from the point of his observation to the objects would 
again be very difficult to estimate, but that he would judge between eight to twelve 
or fifteen miles; that the flight of the objects was Southwesterly. He further stated 
that the length of time the objects were within his sight could not have been over 
five minutes; that as far as the velocity is concerned, an F^51 aircraft could have 
overtaken the objects when they were descending in a spiral formation, and that they 
seemed to be linked together because they remained in almost perfect formation.
However, when their course changed and they took off into the sky, nothing that he 
knows of today could have been able to equal or even approximate their speed. He 
further stated that there was no sound, no exhaust, no vapor trail, no contrail und 
no odor; that the distance between each object appeared to be approximately two wing 
spans of a B-29. He further stated that so far as their luminosity is concerned, they 
were extremely brilliant on the upper side and their bottom sides were extremely dull.
They had no projections, such as fins, wings, rods, antenna or canopies, so far as he 
observed. Their maneuvers are described above, as well as their manner of disappear-
ance. He stated that there was no physical effect on the clouds, inasmuch as there 
was probably only approximately 2/10 coverage, they day being clear with high Cirrus 
clouds. Weather conditions and light at the time of sighting the objects, as stated 
by SMITH, were found to correspond exactly with the observation made by the Boise 
Municipal Air Terminal Weather Station (see par. 9, supra).
```