The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page of text from a document. Here is the text from the document:

---

I almost forgot to add that we would also like to have a list
of dates, times and locations you or any of your friends detected
an "unidentified radiation" you could not correlate with a visual 
sighting and we will check all of the local newspapers in an attempt 
to dig up correlations for you. I checked the list of October of 
1950 dates that on of your people at the meeting gave me, and we
had nothing. This doesn't mean anything, however, as our files are
far from complete in covering sightings at that time.

I realize that all of these requests are going to cause you
and your people a great deal of extra work. We would appreciate
anything you can give us, however, as we fully intend to follow
this through to the point of setting up a net of visual and
instrumental locations if necessary. Your information will be
used to determine just how far we will to. As I said before, your
names will not be brought into this but we would like the names of
the persons involved in case we have to check farther on some points.

The idea of air sampling has been brought up on several occa-
sions and we'd like to get your collective opinion on this.
Would air sampling give the same, better, or no results compared 
with the equipment that was used in the incidents we discussed?

If you think all of the above data is too much to get into
letter or you would rather not put it in a letter, we can come 
back down to see you. We could meet you in Santa Fe or at one of 
your homes. I'm going out on leave for 10 days beginning 10 November,
so it would be after that. If you want to do this, let me know
by telling me where the address is Commanding General, Air Technical
Intelligence Center, Attn: ATIA-5, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

The reports on the project, that your group requested, have
been forwarded to Lt. Parrish, Director of Intelligence, 34th Air
Division (Defense), Kirtland. He will pass them on to you. As I
told you at the meeting, he is acting as the focal point for all 
reports in the area.

If you people have any further data you want, feel free to 
write and ask for it. If it is classified, we'll get it to you 
through channels.

I'm sending this registered because, although it is not classi-
fied, we wouldn't want it to get out.

Sincerely yours,

EDWARD J. RUPPELT
Captain, USAF

2

---