The image provided does not contain any photographs; it is a page of text from a document.

Here is the text from the document:

---
Of course, if we allow the Martians to refiol, the vehicle
could have only two stages* and the cross wet ght would be only
(100)^2 = 125 times the payload, i.e., 250,000 pounds. This would
require brin^int; electrolysis and refrigerating equipment and sitting
at the South Pole long enough to extract fuel for the journey home,
since they have not asked us for supplies. Our oceans (electrolysis
to make H2O) would be obvious to Martian telescopes and they might
conceivisly follow such a plan, particularly if they came here without
foreknowledge that Earth has a civilization.

Requirements for a trip from a planet attached to some star
other than the Sun can be calculated in a simillar manner. Here the
energy (or velocity) required has more parts: (a) escape from the
planet (b) escape from the star (c) enough velocity to traverse a
few licht years of space in reasonable time. (d) deceltr*n towards
the Sun (e) decelration towards the Earth. The nearest "eligible"
star is an object called Wolf 359 (see reference 4, p. 52 of report
for the last three years of its spectrum). The distance is a notable
distance of 8.0 light years. If is "small, having an absolute magnitude of 16.6 and its typical IQ degrees.hr^1 of which make up more
than half of the eligible populations. By comparison with similar
stars of known mass, this star is estimated to have a mass from 1/10^ly
1/03 as great as the sun. Since the star has a low luminosity (being
much cooler and smaller than the Sun) a habitable planet would need
to be in a small orbit or warm.

Of the chain-:) of enerr required as listed in the preceding
paragraph, item (c), velocity to treverse intervening space, is so
large as to make the others comparatively negligible. If the visitors
were lone lived and could "hibernate" for 30 years both coming and
going, then 1/10 th of 1% of 1% what would be required, i.e., the
enormous velocity gap, perhaps, not pierced. This is definitely
beyond the reach of any praditted level of rocket propulsion.

If a race were far enough advanced to make really efficient use
of nuclear energy, then a leerj^e pa^t of the masses of the nuclear ma-
terial might be converted into jet energy. We have no idea how
to do this, in fact temperatures, indicateds that the attainers required
to withstand the reactor are^ 6 J, or, must be fundamentally attain-
able. Let us start from a jet-propelled-to-<ross-weight ratio of
75. If the to total amount of expendanlear material (nuclear plus propell-
ent) can be .85 of the gross weight, then the nuclear material expended
can be .10 of the gross. Usine an efficiency of .5 for converting
nuclear energy to jet enerzy and neglecting relativitistic mass cor-
rections, then a rocket velocity of half time velocity of light could
be attained. This would mean a transit time of 16 years each way from
the star Wolf 359, or longer times from other eligible stars. To try
to go much faster would mean spending much energy on relativistic change
in mass and therefore operating at lowered efficiency.

Actually three stages. On the trip to Earth, the first st'e^ would
be filled with fuel, the second st'we^ would contain partial fuel, the
third would be empty. The first st'ag^ would be thrown away during
fligh.t. On the trip back to Mars, the second and third st'ages would be
filled with fuel. The gross wet-tht of the initial vehicle would be of
the order of magnitude of a cup of stage rocket.
---