The image displays a typed document page with no photographs. Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This investigation was initiated upon the receipt of informa-
tion from Mr. Frank R. Waddell, PIO Office, Ent Air Force Base, Colorado
Springs, Colorado, who at approximately 0845 hours, 8 August 1949, in-
formed the writer that he had received a telephone call from a **** in
Manitou Springs, Colorado, that he had ob-
served an unidentified aerial object in the vicinity of Cameron's Cone
at approximately 0756 hours 8 August 1949, at Colorado Springs, Colorado.

AT MANITOU SPRINGS, COLORADO

2. At approximately 0915 hours 8 August 1949, Mr. **** of the 
sighting, in Manitou Springs, Colorado, was contacted reference
his sighting an unidentified aerial object. **** informed the
writer that he sighted the object at 0756 hours (MST) (0856Z). He ex-
plained that he had been fixing off the clothesline prior to hanging out
clothes, and because they were over his head, it was necessary for him
to look up directly at the ridge between Cameron's Cone and Mt. Arthur.
It was at this time that he noticed a light silver colored object approxi-
mately 20 feet above the ridge connecting the afoementioned peaks. The
object seemed to hang in the air in one spot. He estimated its size to be
one and one-half feet in diameter. It was able to observe the object for
approximately three minutes, and during the time of his observation, he
turned away to call his wife three different times. The object remained
in the same spot during this action. He turned to call his wife a fourth
time and when he looked for the object again, it had disappeared com-
pletely. He was unable to determine from where it had come. Also he
could not tell the material from which the object was constructed. However,
he stated that he felt it was a balloon. There was no smoke, odor, sound,
lights, means of propulsion, means of support (other than it being a bal-
loon), fins, stabilizers or openings on the object. The reason he was
unable to determine any of these factors was due to the distance of the
object from the observer. He was unable to tell how the object disappeared
because he was not looking at it at the time of its disappearance.

AT COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO

3. A check of the weather conditions revealed that ceiling and
visibility were unlimited between the hours of 0730 and 0930 on 8 August
1949. The winds aloft were as follows: At 10,000 feet, 10 knots per
hour from a northerly direction; 12,000 feet, same; 14,000 feet, 12 to
15 knots per hour from a north northeasterly direction; 16,000 feet, same
from a northeasterly direction; 20,000 feet, 15 knots from an easterly di-
rection. There were no observable celestial phenomons or planets in the 
vicinity at that time according to Captain Earl L. Kuehnest, Weather Of-
ficer for Ent Air Force Base.

2
UNCLASSIFIED
```