The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a photocopied page from a report document, and I will transcribe the visible text on the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL
SECURITY INFORMATION

Geographic: It is to be noted that the local of these two
observations was in the semi-desert waste lands of Western U.S., in
general, a region of low surface earth conductivity and low humidity and
sharp changes in the refractive index of light and temperature near the
surface of the earth and high thermal current in the air mass.

3. Let us consider the objects and phenomena which inhabitate or
manifest themselves in the atmosphere near the surface of the earth.

    a. Natural: Animal Life

       birds
       bugs

       Physical Disturbances

       Particles - dust - water vapor
       Optical Anomalies
       Energy Exchanges

    b. Airborn Vehicles

       Conventional
       Non-conventional

and let us discuss each of the items:

    (1) Of the animal life that can make itself airborn, only
two general classes need be considered - birds and bugs. Both of these
can propel themselves in the atmosphere and have been reported found at
high altitudes probably as a result of the vertical motion of air masses
and not of their own locomotion. That these animals could give the con-
figuration and albedo reported by the observers is possible. Swarms of
bugs are known to make mass migrations and are believed to be responsible
for the "angels" sometimes seen on Radar presentations. The arbitrary
weighting given to the plausibility of the object reported being animal
life is one-tenth, where unity is defined as certainty.

    (2) Physical disturbances, by which is meant any distur-
bance to the natural homo-/eneous distribution of the constituents of the
atmosphere and their energies, such as dust particles, accelerated by
thermals or water vapor or ice particles, could conceivably assume the
configuration reported. That dust laden air can be made to retain its
original configuration for long periods of time is evidenced by the
British experiments for determining the velocity of the upper air masses
(100,000 ft.) by the use of puffs of smoke from rifles. These particles
can also have the albedo observed. There are other phenomena which are
the result of energy exchanges which give small masses of gas luminosity
and self propelling energies, one of these is the "Fire Ball" or nitrogen
glow discharge that often is seen accompanying static discharges. Optical
anomalies are common in tropical atmospheres and varying indices of

(DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE)


[Some text is obscured by the 'DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE' mark]
``` 

Please note that some text at the bottom of the page is obscured by a directive not to write below a certain line.