The image you've provided is a scanned page from a document and does not contain any photographs. The text on this page reads:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

On February 14th, the four persons just named flew a low-level air reconnaissance mission in a T-ll aircraft over the area surrounding the earth-point of the fireball of January 30th. At the same time a second ground survey party under Lt Paul Ryan made a careful field search along a route extending from Lamesa through Amherst, Texas, to Clovis, New Mexico.

3. As a result of the ground and air searches referred to above, and of an analysis of the very large amounts of information obtained from eyewitnesses by personal interviews, by telephone conversation and by letter, it has now (three weeks after the fall) become clear that several thousand persons in New Mexico and Texas saw this fireball. Particularly impressive the fact it has been possible to determine that the January 30th fireball became visible at an altitude of approximately two miles over a point at latitude 34째 50', longitude 102째 50', and disappeared at an altitude of approximately eight miles over a point at latitude 32째 10', longitude 102째 12', after travelling from the horizon behind approximately 131 miles total (for eyewitnesses at from seven to nineteen miles per second. Although the January 30th fireball might be ranked among the brightest ones ever used in the last quarter-century, and in spite of the fact that the real path lay closer to the Earth throughout its entire events than any other investigator. It also of which the writer has knowledge (excepting only the anomalous green fireballs of December 12th and 20th, 1948), the meteoritic company large meteoric falls were not observed on January 30th by anyone in the vast large magna covered by the various ground surveys. However, what may have been blown noises (anomalous whizzing and hissing sounds frequently reported by very distant observers as having been heard at the same time that a meteoritic fireball was seen) were heard as Blowing, New Mexico, and near White Shoals, Texas.

In addition to the absences of noisy anomalies referred to in this last paragraph, the fireball of January 30th, 1949, shows several other features (e.g., nearly horizontal path, absence of long enduring luminous train or dust clouds, light to South direction, etc.) characteristic of the green fireballs earlier described in this series of reports. However, the January 30th fireball was much brighter than any of those earlier reported and differed from other green fireballs in that many of the Texas observers who were situated nearest its path reported its color as blue, orange, red and even purple instead of green.

In the present case (January 31st), no evidence whatever supporting the belief that solid fragments fell to Earth from the January 30th fireball has been discovered. Moreover, in exactly as positive, a much more thorough ground search than had been made in the Santa Fe NA of an overturned by the earlier surveys, etc., the investigation no meteorite investigation which even any indication of a 

UNCLASSIFIED

---

Please note that due to the quality of the image, some words may have been transcribed with slight errors.