There are no photographs present on the page.

The text on the document reads as follows:

CALDWELL, et al - 24-93

UNCLASSIFIED

given as 4205 Military Road, N.W., Washington, D. C. Occupation of father was listed as manager of Gray Goose Airways, Inc. A further correspondence has been maintained with SUBJECT by the University of Maryland. There is no record of further educational institutions attended.

On 23 August 1949, copies of newspaper articles appearing in the 15 March 1940 issue of the "Baltimore Sun" and photostatic slicks of newspaper pictures were obtained from the City Editor, "Baltimore Evening Sun", Baltimore, Maryland, by Special Agent A. von TACCHERE. The following description of the CALDWELL helicopter was obtained from the files of the "Baltimore Sun":

"THE CALDWELL HELICOPTER"

"The Caldwell helicopter is the product of many years of research and experiment, to introduce a cheap safe and convenient general utility aircraft of rotating wing type, capable of taking off and landing in a small yard on the flat roof of a building.

"A laboratory model was first constructed and equipped with an electric motor. It lifts more than 52 lbs. vertically, per horse power. Using this as basis for formula, a Ford V8 motor should lift approximately two tons.

"Its great simplicity of structure and design, mechanical movements and controls, sets it entirely apart from either German or French machines already flying. Mass production should make it much cheaper to build than an automobile.

"Two sets of rotors revolve in opposite directions around the body of the ship. They are power driven in ascent and aerodynamically driven in descent. Natural forces alone will drive the rotors fast enough to lower the ship slower than a parachute. When natural forces can be relied upon for safe landing power, flying then will become the safest of all forms of transportation.

"Directional control is attained by changing the angle of the blades of one set of rotors with respect to the other set. Forward and reverse motion is accomplished with a tilting mechanism. Slippage takes place toward the lower side. By this method the advancing blades are riding down grade and the retreating blades are gaining altitude. Birds have always used this principle of flight. It is nature's swiftest and cheapest transportation method.

"The bottom of the helicopter is water tight. It is designed to take off and land on both land and water. The believe it will be as easy and safe to operate as an automobile and that anyone accustomed to driving a car should land it in a few hours.

UNCLASSIFIED

-7- CONFIDENTIAL (end of page)"