There is no photograph present on this page, only text. Here is the OCR text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

usually as her information given over this telephone was not considered
sufficiently detailed to warrant additional investigation.

8c. The third call received 30 January 1949, was from a Mrs. ---------
who is employed at a casino at Lake Worth, Fort Worth, Texas. She
reported that she had observed a blue streak through a west window
of the casino which started high in the sky and proceeded from North to
South ending approximately in the West. This blue streak was quite wide
narrowing wider than a full moon. The streak came to a point at its
rear end. The duration was approximated as being approximately 1 to 2
seconds. She claimed she did not observe any lighting.

9d. At a later date, she was driving with her husband in a car
on the highway from Hadley to Fort Worth, Texas, at approximately 1900
hours, 30 January 1949, and saw a similar green ball sized large going
from North to South in the West, just prior to its apparent disintegration
which occurred slightly north of a direct east and about 15 degrees off
the moon and 10 degrees lower than the moon. Just prior to disintegration  
a color changed from green to an orange-yellow and then to a deep
red color. According to the observers the disintegration appeared similar
to a comet burst.

10e. Mr. -------- was interviewed early in February by Lt. -------
since he had observed that phenomena was on duty in the CAA Control
tower at Meacham Field, Fort Worth, Texas, during the time of this occur-
rance of the phenomena and heard about it. His observations were
reported in the control tower of this was determined that the
indicated beginning point was approximately North 30 degrees West, true,
at an altitude of 15 13 degrees estimated by the end point was approxi-
mately due West by no altitude was determined due to extraneous lights
in the vicinity of the field. The duration of the observation was
considered to be about 2-1/2 seconds. The color of the "ball" was not
considered as similar to the green of the runway lights and did
see any terminal flare.

11f. On the night of 30 January 1949, --------- placed a telephone
call to Big Springs Municipal Airport, Big Springs, Texas, and spoke to
a Mr. ---------- who, together with two others, was in the control
tower at the air field and observed the phenomena. His observations
placed the beginning point at about 5 degrees West of North and the end
point slightly North of West of Northwest. The exact duration was
between 5 and 7 seconds. The altitude was considered to be about 20
degrees above the horizon. This also was from North to South.

12g. There is an alien among the determination the end point of the
"ball" in route to various individuals in the phenomenon of Paducah,
Texas, all reports of phenomena, since this phenomenon, since according
to his calculations the end point should have been observed from

UNCLASSIFIED
```