The image appears to be a scanned document page and does not contain any photographs, only typed text. Here is the text produced as an OCR might output:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

disks, reportedly under development by the USSR with the aid of
German scientists, lying >explosive eggs< and launched by a com-
pressed air catapult, or gasolin in the manner of clay pigeons pro-
jectecd by a trapmechanism) could possibly be ordinance articles.
Also, such devices could be used by aircraft in attacking enemy
airplane formations. In such cases, only a moddest speed, short
range, and limited flight duration would be required, hence the
aerodynamic effiiciency of the design would not be of very much
importance.

Insufficient Information for Even 'Possible' or Hypothetical
Type Determination'.

Discredited Reports

Erroneous (See Discussion, Psychological Errors)

False

Technical Analysis of Various Configurations

The extreme lack of data for each of the incidents that hav
been reported makes it presently impossible to accurately identify
any of the reported craft with respect to design and performance.
Technical analysis must be made by considering possibiilities and
probabilities, with a grasp expecteed to prove real or proved only
when complete data or physical specimens of aircraft (crash) are
available. Unidentified aerial objects appear to be grouped as
follows:

(1) Flying disks (saucers)
(2) Torpedo or Cigar Shapd Bodies (no wings or fins visible

     in flight)
(3) Spherical or Balloon-Shape Objacts(capable of hovering,
     descending, ascending or travelling at high speed).
(4) Balls of light (no apparent physical form sttached) 
     Capable of maneuvering, climbing,and travelling at high
     speeds.

The first three groups of objects are capable of flight
through the atmosphere by means of aerodynamic and propulson de-
signs (to produce the required lift and thrust) that are readily
conceivable by aeronautical designers. The stabilizing and con-
trol features that would be required, while more obscure, could
conceivably be provided. The queston arises, however, as to
whether these configurations would develop much speed and allow
a sufficient duration of flight and adequate range to be of prac-
tical use as aircraft.

Flying Disks

The disk or circular planform has not been used in nrepresent-
tative aircraft, either military or civilian, for the reason that
the induced drag, as determined by the Prandtl theory of lift, would

                                          UNCLASSIFIED
                                          S-11750
                                          - 6 -
```

Please note that due to the quality and age of the document, there may be errors or inaccuracies in the transcription.