There are no photographs present in this document. The document is a page from an old UFO report filled with typewritten text, and I am transcribing the text as requested:

```
CAINTEL. et al - 24-93

DETAILS                                                 UNCLASSIFIED

This investigation was predicated upon information received during the investigation of 4th District Case lo. 35-144, "UNK?N?N SUBJECT." Case No. 35-144 was predicated upon a letter from Headquarters, OSI, file No. 35-Q, dated 19 May 1949, inclosing a letter from Mr. -------- of -----------, Baltimore 18, Maryland. Mr. -------- expressed a desire to give certain information to a high-ranking official of the Air Force. On 7 June 1949, T?Sgt. -------- advised Special Agent ADELS.KC of von HAucER that in approximately 1934 he purchased one-hundred (100) shares of stock from a Mr. JOHATHAI F. CALDWELL, who alleged to be a representative of the Gray Goose Corporation. Specifications of the aircraft to be built by the Gray Goose Corporation strongly resembled objects reported as flying disks in the newspapers in recent months, and Mr. -------- felt it his duty to report the incident to the proper authorities. All attempts to obtain documentive evidence from Mr. ---------- have proved futile. A trip to Baltimore, Maryland, to Salisbury, Maryland, was involved, and Mr. --------- continually fails to keep appointments for the trip to Salisbury.

Mr. -------- contacted the Baltimore Field Office of the FBI at approximately the same time this matter was reported to Headquarters, USAF. The Baltimore Field Office is not conducting an investigation and has authorized the detachment commander, Baltimore Detachment, 4th District, OSI, to proceed as he sees fit in this investigation. A check of the ED files of the Baltimore Field Office revealed that one JOHATHAI F. CALDWELL, of the said no more type in these files. Large numbers of citizens in Glen Burnie and Anne Arundel County are known to have purchased sizeable quantities of the stock. No record of __________'s activities is available in the FBI Field Office.

On 17 August 1949, Mr. HERBERT C. ESPEY, Postmaster, and Mr. George ROGERS, Assistant Postmaster, Glen Burnie, Maryland, were interviewed in their office. They revealed that the last known address of CALDWELL was c/o General Delivery, Washington, D. C., and in approximately 1940 he moved from that address and left no forwarding address. It was further revealed that CALDWELL rented P.O. Box 998, Glen Burnie, Maryland, in the name of "RotoPlane Company." Mail forwarded to the Washington address has been returned stamped "Moved left no forwarding address."

On 17 August 1943, Special Agent von HAUCKER contacted Trooper JIM J. FARABAUGH, Tad?-105, Car 13, Maryland State Pol0ce, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, concerning any information which he might have in reference to JONATHAI F. CALDWELL and the building of the Gray Goose in the Glen Burnie area. Trooper FARABAUGH advised that CALDWELL had resided on the old Lupton Farm, now owned by Mr. LEWIS FURNIVAL, real estate dealer, in Glen Burnie, 

-2-                                        UNCLASSIFIED
``` 

(Note: The redactions made in the original document have been preserved in this transcription as "--------". Other illegible or unclear text is marked with "?".)