There are no photographs present in this image. 

Below is the text present in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

ting I was skeptical. They insisted that I make the report.'

"Homer E. Newell Jr., a top civilian scientist with the Naval Re-
search Laboratory at White Sands, commented: 'I have never seen a
flying saucer. I discount all of the reports about them except a few.
Some just can't be dispelled as pure myth, hallucination, weather 
balloons, or shadows of rockets on clouds.'

"'Flying disks,' said Comdr. Robert McLaughlin, who since 1939 has
been engaged in rocket research, 'have nothing to do with any experiments
carried on by American scientists or for that matter by anyone on earth.

"'If these things are real, they come from another planet, where
creatures are far ahead of us in science.'

"'I heard it said that they are space ships from Mars which have
been attracted to the earth by our atomic bomb explosions and, fascinated
by what they saw, have continued to keep an eye on us.'

"A rocket to the moon is 'a long way off,' according to the White
Sands scientists, who this year sent a rocket to the record height of
250 miles.

"'We need better metals to withstand the powerful thrusts needed to
send a rocket beyond the earth's gravitational pull,' remarked a rocket
expert.

"'We need more powerful propellants,' said another, who suggested
that some newer gas may be the solution.

"The American Rocket Society, which has a test site near Roswell,
New Mexico, was mentioned for its pioneering in rocket research during the
1920s and 1930s.

"The late Dr. Robert Goddard, its founder, and his assistant at one
time, Charles Lindbergh, were singled out for special praise.

"The Germans who developed the V-2 rocket were said to have learned
much from the research of those two men.

"'There will never again be mass bomber flights over enemy instal-
lations,' commented Comdr. McLaughlin.

"'Nazi Germany has developed rockets to the point that they will not
only seek out targets in the air but throw shrapnel over a wide area in
the sky, when they explode.

"'We have found evidence that the Germans were working on such
rockets when this war ended.'

UNCLASSIFIED
```