The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page with typewritten text. Here is the transcription of the text in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

1949

29 April             Michigan City, Indiana
24 June              Pacific Northwest
1 July               Lake of the woods, Canada
26 July              Boise, Idaho

8. Indices of the Indianapolis Office, Federal Bureau of Investigation, 
    canvassed by the writer 18 August 1949, reflect no information regarding Dr.

                       URANIUM, LMNIM AND, LEMAY

9. A reliable medical authority at Lengjin Harrison AFB, Indiana, was
    contacted by the writer in an effort to determine whether the possibility of
    uranium poisoning, as expounded by Dr. [redacted] in this report, had any
    basis in fact. The cut informant, who preferred to remain anonymous, is hereinafter
    known as confidential informant C.I-1. Informant C.I-1 dIsclosed the writer that the
    Polio period extends from April to October, with the peak months of the disease
    being recorded in July; and August. C.I-1 further stated that the theory advanced 
    by Dr. [redacted] was "interesting" and at least worth further research. Informant
    C.I-1 was doubtful if to show to the conclusion that uranium poisoning could be
    readily asorbed, as he was of the opinion that the U.S. Public had not come in
    with the radioactive element at the chuckholte the road. Still, he finds never been or
    heard. He was suggested that the Aerial Medical Laboratory Research Department,
    Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio, might be able to supply the answer, and that the
    following statistical inquiries may be pertinent:

        (a) Does uranium element produce any physiological reaction
            in human beings corresponding to symptoms applicable to
            any of the so-called Polio clinical and sub-clinical con-
            ditions?

        (b) Are topographical Areas where so-called Flying Disc are
            predominantly (or known uranium deposits) pin points
            of endemic Areas of clinical symptoms resembling Polio?

                  INDIANA UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF MEDICINE, INDIANAPOLIS, InD

10. R. R. iHdGiiS, D.D., Chief Toxicologist, Indiana University School of Medicine,
    Indianapolis, L. [redacted] was interviewed on 25 August 1949. Dr. [redacted] stated that in 
    his opinion the possibility of uranium poisoning as advanced by Dr. [redacted] was negli-
    gible. However, [redacted] stated that the latter should be broached to the Atomic Energy 
    Commission, inasmuch as he felt that the AEC to be the only agency in the United
    States capable of answering this question once and for all. [redacted] is personally
    known to Dr, [redacted] as he recalled him as a student who was graduated from Indiana 
    University School of Medicine in 1944, and who was described as imaginative, some-what 
    the best student Indiana University ever turned out; a good boy.

    NOTE: Dr. [redacted] is considered an authority on poisons.
          He is the inventor of the "Duke-a-mcter."

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that there are redaction marks (black bars) in the document used to cover certain information, which is standard procedure for classified documents to protect sensitive information. In this transcription, redacted text is indicated with [redacted].