The image you've provided does not contain a photograph; it is a text document. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This investigation was conducted at the direction of the District Commander, 9th OSI District, upon receipt of information that five (5) persons had sighted a flying saucer over Alexandria, Louisiana, on 7 July 1949.

2. The following is an item which appeared in the Shreveport Times, Shreveport, Louisiana, issue of 8 July 1949: "Five More See Flying Saucer at Alexandria. Alexandria, La. - Five persons today reported seeing another flying saucer over Alexandria at 9 o'clock last night. Mrs. ████ ████, who made the discovery called in to the attention of neighbors. She said they watched it drift east. 'It was almost five minutes before it disappeared in the east sky almost fill up,' she said. 'We thought it was a star at first as it made no noise but decided differently when it changed its direction several times. I have no idea how big it was.' "

AT ALEXANDRIA, LOUISIANA:

3. On 15 July 1949, an interview with Mrs. ████ ████, at 1414 Jefferson Highway, revealed that on 7 July 1949, at approximately 2100 hours, Mrs. ████'s ████,
████ were sitting on the front porch at 1621 Varnshour Street, when Mrs. ████ noticed a very bright object in the sky. The object seemed to be coming straight down and had the appearance and speed of a falling star with no evidence of exhaust and no sound. The object seemed to fall a certain distance and then move from north to west, parallel with the ground. The object went in a westerly direction for approximately two and one-half (2½) minutes, and then reversed its path and went back in a northerly direction for approximately two and one-half (2½) minutes. The object then began to increase altitude, slightly to the north, and gradually faded from sight. The object had the appearance of being round and about six (6) inches in diameter with no visible support or means of propulsion. The object maintained a very smooth, constant speed and did not vary. The object had the appearance of being a little like an ordinary household light bulb.

4. Information given by Mrs. ████ was corroborated by Mrs. ████ and Mrs. ████.

5. The Writer contacted a local airport and talked with the Civil Aeronautics Administrator and the Delta Airlines, 15 July 1949, in an attempt to determine if any aircraft were flying in the vicinity of Alexandria, Louisiana, at approximately 2100 hours, 7 July 1949. It was learned that only one (1) Piper Cub airplane, with no landing lights, was shooting landings at approximately 2100 hours. There was no other reported aircraft in the vicinity at the time and the CAA weather station did not send a balloon into the sky.
```

Please note that due to privacy, the names in the document have been redacted with black bars represented in the transcription as "████".