The image does not contain any photographs. It is a text document with the title "UNCLASSIFIED".

Here is the text extracted from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

                                C
                                O
                                P
                                Y

A STATEMENT BY Mr. ████████ [redacted]

(Mr. ████████ [redacted] is ████████ [redacted] - a man of about 48 years of
age, who has been with the Palomar Observatory since July 1937.)

On 14 October 1949, at about 1315, Mr. ████████ [redacted] left the Observatory and
started to drive down the Mountain to his home. The weather was good, clear
overhead, some clouds about 45° from the horizon and below. After going a
short distance down the road, he observed some objects proceeding in a north-
westerly direction, height about 5,000 feet above him, i.e., about 10,500 feet above
sea level. Because of the unusual appearance of these objects, and of the
unusual sound, he stopped his car and got out to have a better look. He reported
that he observed no wings or tail structure, the objects, numbering about 16
or 18, were flying in a perfect formation - a V of V's and moving very rapidly.
The sound was similar to that of jets, but not quite the same. (Mr. Marshall has
had occasion to observe all types of aircraft frequently, and is cognizant of all
usual types.) In a matter of seconds the planes disappeared to the northwest.
He described them as being of silver-like color; no vapor trails were observed.
Due to the high speed of motion, sound appeared to be about 35°to 40°behind the
line of sight.

Shortly after this incident Mr. ████████ [redacted] called Mr. ████████ [redacted] and advised
him of what he had seen. A short time later Mr. ████████ [redacted] went into the room
of the Power-house where the recording Geiger counter, placed there by the
Naval Electronics Laboratory, was located, and noticed that the pen had made
an off-scale motion to the right, some time before. The time appeared to be
approximately 1315, i.e. the same time at which Mr. ████████ [redacted] had observed the
unusual objects overhead. An effort was made to report the incident to the
Naval Electronics Laboratory that week-end, but contact could not be made with
interested authorities. Dr. ████████ [redacted] of NEI was advised of the situation on the
following Monday and commenced his own investigation.

It should be noted here that this Geiger counter had never gone off-scale
before, except when it was usually operated during calibration tests.

A STATEMENT BY MR. ████████ [redacted]

(Mr. ████████ [redacted] is the ████████ [redacted] for the Observatory
and has been with it since 1935. He is a man of about 40 years of age.)

Mr. ████████ [redacted] was first involved in the flying saucer story when he noted the
operation of the Geiger counter as mentioned in the above report of Mr.
████████ [redacted]. Although he is an electrician of considerable ability and responsibility, i.e.,
he operates and maintains the complicated electrical apparatus of the Observatory
including the big telescope, he could offer no explanation as to the action of
the Geiger counter.

UNCLASSIFIED

---
Please note that a number of personal names and some information have been redacted for privacy or security reasons.