Unfortunately, there are no photographs present in the provided image.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED                                                 418A
Page 2                                                       Incident

Name and address of observer:                                Columbus, Ohio

Occupation and hobbies;                                      Airport Traffic Employee

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observor(s):

On 2 August 1949, ██████████████, Airport Traffic Control employee,
                ██████, Columbus, Ohio, was interviewed concerning the sight-
ing of an unidentified object in the sky, and stated in substance: 

NARRATIVE: At approximately 1045, 1 August 1949, I was on duty at the Traffic Con-
trol Tower, Port Columbus airport, Columbus, Ohio, when I received informa-
tion from a telephonic call had been received from ██████
                  ██████ Columbus, Ohio, stating that he (██████) had sighted an unidentified
object in the sky, and asking if we at the tower could identify this object.  
I searched the sky and saw what appeared, at first, to be vapor trails at 
approximately thirty or forty thousand feet, eighty to eighty-five degrees
off the horizon, traveling in a westerly direction.  These vapor trails
appeared to be approximately five degrees long, and were so being dissipated às
fast as they appeared.  I called the Traffic Control tower at Lockbourne Air
Force Base, Hayes Road, Groveport, Ohio, to ascertain if they had a plane,
either available or in the air, which could be used to track and identify
the object.  I was told by them none had a T-6, training; aircraft, was in
the air and they would instruct the pilot to contact our tower and await in-
structions from us.  I do not know the name of this pilot; he identified him-
self only the number six when we in contact with him ,he stated that he
was over Springfield, Ohio, at ten thousand feet, and could see a bright
light in the west.  He further stated he was holding a steady course on the
light and it appeared to him to be a star.  He did not state whether he could
see vapor trails.  Prior to the time the Port Columbus Tower had contacted the
T-6 aircraft, I had observed that what at first I thought were vapor trails,
appeared as straight lines and not curly.  (See copy of drawing made by
████████).  These smoke lines disappeared and a light appeared due west from
my location in the tower.  This light was very bright and slowly fell toward
the horizon in a northeasterly direction.  The light disappeared on the hori-
zon at approximately 2100 hours, and as it disappeared the light turned yellow
and then red.                                                     (B-6)

UNCLASSIFIED
```