The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a page of text from an old document. Below is the text reproduced as requested:

```
Page 2 331

Max Segoinns, 504[REDACTED] Richland, Washington

Name and address of observer;

Occupation and hobbies;

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s)

(UNCLASSIFIED)

At 1330 a call was received from the Hanford Area (Concrete) that a Flying Saucer was over the Hist 200 area approximately four miles east of the Hanford Atomic Plant, Washington, the operator at Hanford stated that the Disk was standing still and then took off in a southeasterly direction at a speed greater than that of a jet fighter. The available aircraft was called for by the Hanford operator and the aircraft was scrambled. The Hanford operator observed the aircraft into their prohibited area (Authorization coming from the Assistant Chief of the Security Section at Hanford). The scopes were instructed to search the southern sector with no results. Crew personnel and the controller searched the sky, visually, and noted a round, white or silvr object traveling in a northeasterly direction at a speed greater than that of a jet fighter; approximately 10,000 to 15,000 feet. The best weather section was then contacted to see if any weather balloons were sent up and they reported in the negative. Base weather section stated that they do not utilize weather balloons. At 12:00 an F-82, Gorge base 201, pilot Gordon was airborne and reported to in Torch controller. A target, number 61, was being tracked in the east-south-east sector by Torch at this time and the ADC instructed the torch to allow the intercept in hopes that it might be a Disk. Turret at radio in radar contact just after it (approximately 5 minutes) Gorge Duke 20 was airborne. The controller was able to give two vectors before target faded. Radar contact with the fighter was spotty, so poor that a corsel check on the fighter was impossible. At approximately 1125 Hanford reported falling bits of paper in their area (in the vicinity of latrines& smokestack). The Hanford operator described the papers as being approximately 6 inches square, red on one side and green on the other. The fighter was then sent to the vicinity of the Rattlesnake mountains to examine the area for the papers, and also to search the Hanford area for other evidences of the Flying Saucers. The search continued, with spotty radar coverage, with no results. The Hanford operator again cleared the F-82 into the prohibited area and indicated that he, himself, was taking off in an airplane to search. It stated further that a weapons carrier had been discovered to the pampalet (paper) drop area and no plane had been found. The fighter was recalled to the Columbia over Gorge 20 as a reason the f-82 had flown in the prohibited area. At approximately 1525 a call was received from the Hanford operator that the AD papers directive were advertisement for a Rodeo at Richlands. The Rodeo is an Air Rodeo. The Hanford operator indicated that the pamplets did fall into the prohibited area and were dropped by one of the aircraft participating in the Air Rodeo. The aircraft that was dropped the pamplets was a PT-19 flown by Don Veele of the Atomic Speedways in Pasco Washington. This pilot holds a commercial ticket. The aircraft NC number is (NC #[REDACTED]). At 1626 the F-82 was cleared to Moses Lake Tower and la

UNCLASSIFIED
```