The image does not contain any photographs. It is a typed document, which I will transcribe below:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

AIRWAYS AND AIR COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE
1001ST AACS SQUADRON
Fairfield-Suisun Air Force Base, California

SUBJECT: Unusual object observed in the sky.                                  18 July 1949

TO: S-2, 1001st AACS Squadron.

At approximately 0340 I saw a light in the sky to the southwest. It appeared at first glance to be a star as it was considerably above the horizon. It showed a yellowish white light which did not blink with several observations. Every few minutes I looked at it through field glasses. The light was still yellowish white and was perfectly round with absolutely no twinkle, I was convinced that it was not a star. This object did not move.

At 0425 after observing the takeoff of an aircraft to the southwest I looked at this object again with field glasses. It appeared to be a silvery colored object, perfectly round still reflecting a little light. At this time there was a band of light on the horizon to the northeast before the sunrise. The sky to the southwest was still totally dark and this object could be plainly observed with naked eye as perfectly round, resembling a silver sphere.

At approximately 0450 I called weather station and requested observer to come up to the tower to take a look at it. Two men came up and observed the object. Captain McCabe also came up approximately 5 minutes later and observed the object for approximately 25 minutes before the haze and rising sun obliterated it from view. During this time the object was under observation, about one and one half hours, the object did not move. After first becoming curious I made a mark on the window with grease pencil aligned with object and subsequent observations used this mark for orientation. The object was observed in the same place in reference to this mark until it was no longer visible due to haze and sunrise. Captain McCabe estimated that the object must be a great distance away and at a height between 30 and 40 thousand feet. Weather observer estimated its distance at Size of object unknown thus accurate estimate of distance not possible.

Certified True Copy

ARTHUR CONRAD JR
Major, USAF
Intelligence Officer

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

A A A Vita
By: A A Vita
/ts/gt, USAF
Reviewer, Chief of
   SIP

Declassified by SEC 3.4 EO 11652, exemption d is continued
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

Please note that the transcription follows the same lines and formatting as seen on the page to the best of my ability.