The image contains no photographs, only textual content. Here is the text output from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

Q. Did the flash of the object leave any noticeable change in the weather?
A. I don't know, I had the car heater going and the windows up.

Q. Were you wearing glasses then?
A. Yes.

Q. How long had you been driving?
A. I worked from 6 to 12:Midnight at Goodyear in Akron, and after work drove to Parkersburg, which is 170 miles. I stopped for gas once, and then stopped for more gas and had coffee and toast in Parkersburg. It was 3:05 approximately, "Fast Virginia time," I may be off fifteen or twenty minutes. Around 3:15 or 3:30, I left Parkersburg. Then I drove three to five miles, I was tired.

Q. Was there anyone else in the area?
A. No, the highway was clear.

Q. Did you discuss the incident with anyone?
A. No, I was making the trip to see my son and his girl. I got to Elizabeth at 4:20, and had to wait until that town woke up. My boy was in Parkersburg, so I didn't get to see him, but I saw his girl friend.

Q. Do you have any mechanical hobbies?
A. No, but I am a turret lathe operator, a grinder, and do some mechanical work.

Q. Do you have any hobbies?
A. Stamp collecting.

Q. What about your glasses, why do you wear them?
A. My eyes are in good shape. I wear glasses for eye strain, and there is only a slight correction in the lens. I don't wear them when I work.

Q. Has anyone mentioned seeing this object to you?
A. No.

Q. You were the only witness as far as you know?
A. Yes. I was alone in my car. I passed two or three cars on the way down from Parkersburg, I met another car at the junction of Routes #21 and #l7. It is possible the occupants of this car could have witnessed the incident.

I further state that the foregoing statement was made by me freely and voluntarily, without promise of benefit, or threat, use of force or duress, I have read the foregoing statement, consisting of 2 pages, and it is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

UNCL...
Page   of    5 pages.
---