The image is a text document; no photograph is included. Here's the text from the document as requested:

---
- 3 - April 17, 1950

falling fragments. After discharge of fragments, object lifted, continuing formation and disappeared at extreme height.

Fragments were very hot to the touch and samples were obtained after a cooling period. Radio transmission to Tacoma headquarters were impossible due to excessive static. Radio was in excellent condition and weather conditions good. Witnesses returned immediately to Tacoma and turned over camera and film to superiors. Estimated at that time that 20 tons of debris dropped.

Second Incident - ?

One object as previously described came from somewhere and circled bay at approximately 10 degree bank and disappeared in large cumulus cloud formation. Re-emergence of extent of debris and additional samples taken.

Samples and information was obtained by my Intelligeryx Officer.

Major Sanders - S-2 McChord Field
Captain Davidson - Army Intelligence - Hamilton Field, California
First Lt. Brown - Army Intelligence - Hamilton Field, California
Lt. Col. Donald Springer - 4th Air Force intelligence (Here is a
with Air Force ielport)

Crash and death of Captain William L. Davidson (Pilot) an: First Lt. Frank B. Brown in B-25 uncisaillid mission, McChord Field to Hamilton Field, accident occurring at Kelso, Washington, August 1, 1947. The crewmen saved via parachute were M/Sgt. Elmer L. Taft, Tech. 4th Grade Woodrow D. Mathews

Theory of Crash - sabotage ?

Davidson and Brown handled complete interrogation of Maury Island incident and were known to have been carryin; large quantities of the fraimens and the recorded information. It is my information thatphphotographs taken of this incident are still available.

Newspaper accounts of aircraft crash. at Kelso:

August 2, 1947 - The Tacomo Nmes
August 3, 1947 - Sunday Journal, Portland, Oregon
August 3, 1947 - Chicago Sunday Times

--- 

(Please note that there may be typographical errors in the text due to OCR inaccuracies or characteristic mistakes in the original document.)