The image does not contain any photographs; it is a text document.

Here is the text from the document:

```
29-9
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. Headquarters Fourth Army on 9 June 1949, furnished report 
of unidentified objects which had been sighted, in New Orleans, La.
Three separate reports were submitted on incidents which occurred
on 16, 19, and 23 May 1949.

2. At 1630 hours, 18 May 1949, Mrs. ████████
New Orleans, La. sighted one unusual aerial object
while sitting on the back steps of her house. Informant compared the 
object to a single engine Naval training craft, stating that it was
silver in color, but resembled an ordinary dinner plate. The object
was in sight for ten minutes and was approximately 1-1/2 miles distant,
moving in a generally east to west direction. Object flew at a level
plane and made no maneuvers, but travelled in an end-over-end fashion
at a speed comparable to the Naval training plane previously mentioned,
and which informant advises she has seen many times. New Orleans PIO
making report commented that Mrs. ████████'s report might have been in-
fluenced by a discussion with Mrs. ████████ which is set forth in the
following paragraph.

3. On 19 May 1949, at 1615 hours, Mrs. ████████,
New Orleans, La. sighted one object in the sky.
Her attention was was attracted to the object by the sun's reflection
from it. The object appeared to be a flat, round disc, comparable
in size to that of a small airplane. Mrs. ████████ saw the object for 
approximately five minutes, during which time it moved in a direction 
from east to west. Informant believed the object to be between 150
and 170 miles per hour in speed, and object travelled on a level plane
and made no maneuvers. In both of the above incidents the weather
was clear and the light conditions were good. Both interviews were
conducted on 23 May 1949, and reports were submitted directly to AWC.
Copies of original "guide to Investigation - Unidentified Aerial Objects"
on file at DO #10.

4. On 23 May 1949 at 1850 hours, Mrs. ████████,
New Orleans, La. observed on object at a distance of approximately 
1-1/2 miles. Informant's thirteen year-old son first noted the object
and attracted his mother's attention. The object appeared to be round,
compared to a weather balloon, grey in color, and was moving from south
to north-east. Object was in sight for approximately 30 seconds, and 
Informant compared the speed to that of a small observation plane. No
maneuvers were noted. Mrs. ████████'s considered to be reliable, and not
in the habit of telling falsehoods, or exaggerating. Report furnished
directly to AMC by Fourth Army. Copy is on file at DO #10.

UNCLASSIFIED
2
```

[Please note that there are redacted sections in the document denoted by a series of black boxes, which I represented as ████████ in this transcription.]