The image does not contain any photographs.

The text in the document reads as follows:

---
sizes very; so well, the objects were actually either of "aircraft sizes,
or more likely, that they were far enough from the observers so that bin-
ocular vision produced no stereoscopic effect; this is only means that they
were farther off" than about thirty feet; 2) size objects were seen to
disappear behind trees, buildings, clouds etc, they are far enough to
be visible at the range of those resolvable objects.

Now it is obviously of prime importance to estimate the size and mass
of the observed objects. This may be possible to some extent if it is
permissible to assume that they obey the laws of physics. Since the ob-
jects have not been observed to produce any physical effects, other than
the one case in which a cloud was demonstrated along the trajectory, it is
not certain that the laws of mechanics, for instance, would be sufficient.

But suppose that mechanical laws alone are sufficient. Then the
following example is sufficient proof that at least a tenth could, in
principle, be determined: suppose a simple pendulum were observed sus-
pended in the sky; then after observing its frequency of oscillation, we
could deduce from the laws of mechanics its precise length.

This suggests that something could be deduced from the observed flutter-
ing motion of some of the objects of group I. Assume that we know the ang-
ular frequency and angular amplitudes of this fluttering motion (they can be
measured in principle from a motion picture). Then for purposes of calculation
assume the object to be thirty feet in diameter, to be as rigid as a normal
aircraft wing of 30 foot span, to be constructed of material of the optimum
weight-strength ratio and to be a structure of most efficient design. It
is now possible to calculate how heavy the object must be merely to remain
rigid under the observed angular motion. Let the calculation be made
for a plurality of assumed sizes 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64----- up to say
---