There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

As for the text, here it is:

```
AMC Form No. 134 (Rev 29 Jul 49)

ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND
Use this form for routing correspondence to three or more offices. Use a separate sheet to designate
subsequent second addressees.
Use letter size paper a lower left of form.
Use lower right space to indicate office of action and commercial number locator to right of signature.
Number all comments consecutively.
Number pages by horizontal lines across page. 
Use same width of sheet, both sides. Proper spacing of typewritten signature.

SUBJECT: Project Grudge 302 FROM: IN REPLY TO

UNCLASSIFIED

25 Aug 49 COMMENT NO. 2

TO CLASS

1. The attached information regarding unidentified aerial objects has been reviewed.

2. This Laboratory does not feel justified in saying definitely what the nature of this unidentified object may be.

3. It is believed that significance should be attached to the fact that the observer could not maintain his focus on the object and therefore obviously did not make an exact determination of its distance. One of the principals previously held by Dr. Paul M. Fitts in his recent review of similar findings was that observers were usually unable to determining the distance of the object. Unless distance is determined, all estimates of the shape, size, then speeds and altitudes necessarily remain quite speculative. It is believed possible that, had the observer been able to bring the object into clear focus in his theodolite, he might have been able to identify it.

C.P.F/s

(C.P. FITTS)
A. A. GAMBILL
Lt. Colonel, AUS (USAF) 2/2/8993
Acting Chief, Aero Medical Laboratory
Engineering Division
Bldg. 29
3 Incls:
n/a
COORDINATION:
P.M. FITTS MC 654D-9
i.e. T Maj. D.E.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS 
DOD DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that some parts of the text are not clearly visible or legible due to the quality and angle of the scanned image, such as the initials next to the comments and dates. Additionally, the redactions and handwritten notes could not be fully deciphered.