There is no photograph present in the image you provided; it is a text document. Here is the text output:

FILE NO. 20-8L4-68

DETAILS:

1. Investigation initiated by the Acting District Commander after being advised of an unknown object, which was sighted over the Hillsboro Airport, Hillsboro, Oregon.

AT BEAVERTON, OREGON

2. On 8 June 1949, Mr. [REDACTED]
Portland, Oregon; and Mr. [REDACTED]
Portland 1, Ore., were interviewed and stated in substance as follows: At 1105 hours (PST), on 4 June 1949, they were sitting in the open on a hilltop which enabled them to view the surrounding countryside. As was their habit during lunch hour, they were observing (with the naked eye) the airplanes flying in the vicinity of the Hillsboro Airport, Hillsboro, Oregon. The airport is approximately seven miles West of where they were eating their lunch. Their attention was attracted to an amphibious-type aircraft that entered the area. While watching this craft, they noted something reflecting the light from the sun a considerable height above the general level of the other airplanes. They then gave this object all of their attention in an effort to determine what type of aircraft it was. They noticed that they were only able to see it when it flashed, or reflected the light from the sun. The object appeared to be metallic in color, rather large and round in shape. They estimated it to be approximately the size of an object 3/8" in diameter held at arm's length. They emphasized, however, that due to the reflection of light, it was difficult for them to determine with any accuracy the size or shape of the object. In regard to maneuverability, it appeared to wobble slightly, but remained in a fixed position. It was the lack of movement that raised the doubt in their minds of its being an ordinary aircraft, and resulted in their making known their observations. The object remained in view for approximately three minutes, and then appeared to go in a Southwesterly direction at a very rapid rate of speed. The flashing, or reflection ceased, and they could no longer see the object. There was no sound, exhaust trail associated with the object. The weather was clear, good visibility, bright sunshine, and no clouds in the sky. Its position was approximately 45° above the horizon and between 9 and 10 o'clock clockwise from North. The altitude was first estimated at six or seven thousand feet. However, this estimate was later retracted. Due to the lack of clouds and the unknown size of the object, they decided that they had nothing on which to base any estimate as to altitude. They did emphasize, however, that they could make out other aircraft far below the object. Position of observers at time of sighting was: 45° 30' 54" North Latitude and 122° 48' 02" West Longitude. The observers are in the middle-aged

UNCLASSIFIED