The image you've provided is of a text document and does not contain any photographs. I will now transcribe the text as an OCR system would:

CONFIDENTIAL

DETAILS:                                    [UNCLA]

1. This Investigation was conducted at the request of the Commanding Officer, 9th District OSI, upon receipt of information that an unidentified aerial phenomenon had been seen at approximately 0105 hours on the morning of 18 July 1949, at Moreauville, La.

2. On 27 July 1949, Mrs. [Redacted] was interviewed at her home located three-fourths (3/4) mile southwest of Moreauville, Louisiana, along State Highway 30. Mrs. [Redacted] related that at approximately 0105 hours, 18 July 1949, she arose from her bed and at the time she stood up by the side of her bed, a very brilliant light reflected through the south window of her bedroom and attracted her attention. Mrs. [Redacted] explained that she observed this object which appeared to be a VERY golden color and was moving from east to west. This object appeared to be moving very slowly, as slow as a person could walk or from two (2) to five (5) miles per hour. This object was observed for approximately four (4) or five (5) minutes, and in an effort to determine whether or not the object could have been a shooting or falling star, Mrs. [Redacted] called her son, [Redacted] from the next room. Her son immediately arose and came to the window and observed the object along with her for approximately five or six minutes more. Mrs. [Redacted] stated that prior to the object's disappearance it made a very slight descent and then appeared to fade out. Mrs. [Redacted] related that at the time she sighted the above object, the weather was fair and warm and there were no clouds in sight, the moon was shining quite brightly. Mrs. [Redacted] could not estimate the distance and angle of the object, figuratively speaking, but she was able to thoroughly describe the approximate location from her bedroom window. Mrs. [Redacted] further stated that the object she sighted did not perform any tactics or maneuvers but moved very slowly and did not seem to rotate. This object was about the size of an ordinary dessert plate.

CLOSED

INCLOSURES:

FOR COMMANDING GENERAL, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, DAYTON, OHIO:

Two (2) copies of Form 8-3001 TC, Subject, Project "Sign".

FOR DISTRICT OFFICE NO. 5, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, DAYTON, OHIO:

One (1) copy of above listed inclosure.

FOR HEADQUARTERS OSI, WASHINGTON, D. C.:

Two (2) copies of above listed inclosure.

CONFIDENTIAL