The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page of text from a document.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
Page 3 Incident 396

Name and address of observer: ------ -------- Court, (1 Liniover, ILL.
and several neighbors

Occupation and hobbies; Commercial artist student

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s)

NARRATIVE SUMMARY.

Later, I called the newspaper back, and asked them what they had found out. The
individual informed me that he had called the tower at the Baltimore Municipal airport
and they reported no activity at that point. The reporter stated that he might drop
by Milnot Court, but he never came out. I had a pair of field glasses, but was unable
to bring the objects into focus due to the rapidity of their motions. All the
neighbors in the crowd watching the objects were able to see them; also to the best
of my knowledge, all of these persons agreed that the could not possibly be a fish hit
of birds, a conventional type of airplane or air:lanes, or any of the various aviv-
ties; someone employed in the Baltimore area. The best description that I can give
of the objects is that they resembled a boomerang which has been pulled out - actually,
they were an open angular, with the vertex angle approximately 70°, the L's. of the
angle has some thickness, but there was no evidence of engine, fuselage, canopies,
landing gear or other conventional aircraft construction. Upon first observing the
objects, they were circulating at a rapid rate of speed around the cloud within a
few minutes, the creators of this formation was changed, and a different motif in
out of the cloud appeared. The objects first appeared as a bearing of about 152°
from the north, and at a distance that I would estimate at six (6) miles; which I
believe would put them over the Bay, beyond the airport. This position was later
confirmed by the traffic pattern of several Commercials airlines lending at the airport.
The objects were in plain view to me at the same time I was observing the aireron-
tic apprao littoras, and it was quite evident that the objects were beyond the control
traffic pattern, but in the exact direction of the airport. The objects moved from
southeast to northeast Baltimore, and finally disappeared at a bearing of approximately
95°. The altitude of initial observation was approximately 20° from the horizon.
However, on two occasions the undentifiable aerial objects lower in the direction of
my vantage point and reached a height of about 50°. On these occasions I was able
to observe the objects more closely and could more plainly confirm my initial descrip-
tion of the objects. The objects were black in col r, with a dull sheen that showed
no sun reflection. I was extremely impressed by the high degree of manoeuvrability
and the terrific rate of speed at which the objects appeared to be traveling. The
objects seemed to possess the ability to reverse their course 160° instantaneously,
as they would be flying in one direction, disappear for one to two seconds, and reappear
flying on a course 160° opposite from the initial course. The objects seemed to prefer
```