The image provided is a scanned text document and does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text from the document:

---

WHITE SANDS PROVING GROUND
Las Cruces, New Mexico

UNCLASSIFIED

27 April 1949

STATEMENT

On 24 April 1949, three miles north of Arrey, New Mexico, four Navy O- listed men from White Sands Proving Ground (CnCf ████████████████ and ███████) and I saw a rapidly moving object while making a pibal wind run. We released a 350 gram balloon at about 1020 MST and were following it with a standard J1-47 David White Theodolite. After the 1030 reading, ███████ took over the theodolite and ███████ and I looked up to find the balloon with naked eye. We thought we had the balloon when we picked up a whitish spherical object right along the direction the theodolite was pointing (45° elevation and 210° azimuth). The object was drifting east rapidly (50 second as estimated by stopwatch and width of fingers), but we had thought to encounter similar winds on the balloon. When the distance between the theodolite and supposed balloon became apparent, I took over the theodolite and found the true balloon still "there," whereupon I abandoned it and picked up the object after it came out of the sun (this was another good bearing if you wish to work out a sum shot at 1/3 unit at Arrey). The object was moving too fast to crank the theodolite around; therefore, one of the men pointed the theodolite and I looked. The object was an ellipsoid about 2½ football lengths long length about .02° X subtended angle. White in color except for a light yellow of one side as though it were in shadow. I could not get a hard focus on the object due to the speed at which the angles changed. Therefore, I saw no good detail at all.

The azimuth angle continued to decrease as the object continued on a north heading, growing smaller in size. At around 20°-25° azimuth the azimuth halved and the elevation angle began increasing from the 25° minimum to about 35°. The object then apparently disappeared due to distance after t

UNCLASSIFIED

---

The redacted portions of the text are marked with black bars, and some text at the end appears to be cut off or possibly continues on a subsequent page.