The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document. As requested, I will now perform OCR on the document and provide the text:

```
CONFIDENTIAL UNCLASSIFIED

o. Propulsion: No Visible means. 
p. Control and Stability: Stable
q. Air Ducts: None - 
r. Speed: Faster than any object ever observed by 
STEVENS other than a falling star. 
s. Sound: None 
t. Manner of Disappearance: Faded from view as a result 
of. distance. 

Information Relative to Observer: 

(a) Name: M/Sgt RALPH M. STEVENS AF-14304392. 
(b) Address: Box 569, Holloman AFB. 
(c) Occupation: Tech Aide - Lower Atmospheric Research. 
(d) Place of business; Holloman AFB, Electronic and Atmospheric 
Research Section. 

(e) Hobbies: Sports 
(f) Ability to determine Excellent observer. 21 months 
experience as observer. 
(g) Reliability: Excellent. 
(h) Notes relative to observer: None 
(i) Sightings in general - none previous. 
(2) How attention was drawn to object Was looking around 
at the sky; picked up movement of object. 
(3) Degree of Fatigue: None. 

(i) Witnesses: 
The only other witness was Sgt. MARION H. GRAVES, who was 
tracking an observation balloon at the time of the 
sighting. He observed what appeared to be something 
crossing the field of vision of the theodolite with 
such speed as to cause a streak. 

3. M/Sgt STEVENS was free eading data of drift, etc., on the obser-
vation balloon and he states that the object was traveling at such a rate 
of speed as to preclude its being caused by any upper air winds. He 
also stated that the weather conditions at the time were clear with 
visibility unlimited. He further stated that the object was traveling 
in the opposite direction to all prevailing winds, as indicated by the 
drift of the observation balloon. 

4. Checks with the Electronics and Atmospheric Research Section, 
Holloman AFB, Weather Stations at Holloman AFB and White Sands Proving 
Ground, and the Technical Division at White Sands Proving Ground, revealed 
that no testing devices were sent aloft which could have been mistaken 
for the object in question. All these agencies also stated that there 
had been no unusual radar sightings. 

3 UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the quality of the scan, there may be minor errors or omissions in the text.