There are no photographs in this image. Here is the text output from the document:

---

RESTRICTED
UNCLASSIFIED

3/ltr, CG, AMC, to CO, CFS, Subject: Project "Grudge" RRH/JAP/ro

000.52
1st Ind

C/SIGO Headquarters Station, CFS, 230 Albany Street, Cambridge 39, Massachusetts, 18 May 1949.

TO: Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base, Dayton, Ohio, ATTN: MC/AIS

1. Additional information requested in a basic letter is as follows:

a. Reference 3a. The balloons used by the base Directorates for
Geophysical research do not carry lights or luminescent materials, nor
is it anticipated that such equipment will be carried on future flights.

b. Reference 3b. An up-to-date list of balloon flights will be
prepared and sent to this headquarters. Project plans call for launching
of 20 M. diameter plastic balloons at the following bases during the
ensuing summer!

Clovis, New Mexico
Enid, Oklahoma
Phoenix, Arizona
Las Vegas, Nevada

The total number of launchings from all of these states will not average
more than three per week. It is also planned to launch 100 ft. dia-
meter balloons from Omaha, Nebraska, between July 15 and August 15, 1949.
The dates of other flights are indefinite at this time.

c. Reference 3c. Photographs and detailed descriptions of equip-
ment would serve no useful purpose, because of the number of different
projects being investigated. The most conspicuous gear involved on the
balloon flight standard metereological sondes of approximately 6"x 4",
and one or two thin in a brightly colored sphere, 1st in., stainless
rings as long as 150 ft. are flown. The scientific equipment is generally
rather compact and is less than 1 cu. ft. in volume. As a general rule,
a reward notice is attached to each balloon identifying the agency launch-
ing it.

d. Reference 3d. The 20 ft. plastic balloons fly at constant
levels between 40,000 to 60,000 ft. depending upon the load and other con-
ditions. A few 70 ft. plastic balloons have been flown which reached 
altitudes of 80,000 to 100,000 feet. Occasionally, rubber metereological
balloons are flown using clusters of not more than three balloons.

2. Several months ago, it-------------------, now of Carrol Hills, Ills.,
but formerly associated with the balloon projects at New York University.

UNCLASSIFIED

---