There are no photographs present in this document.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

3. ...has information given over the telephone was not considered
sufficiently detailed to warrant additional investigation.

4. ... The third call received 30 January 1949, was from a Mrs...
who is employed at a casino at Lake Worth, Fort Worth, Texas. Mrs.
... reported that she had observed a blue streak through a West window
of the casino which started high in the sky and proceeded from North to
South ending approximately in the West. This blue streak was quite wide
appearing wider than a full moon. The streak came to a point both its
rear end. This duration was approximated as being approximately 1 to 2
seconds. ...reported this at contact, F-3.

5. ... Mr. later came in at 205 Blanche Circle, Fort Worth, Texas, re-
ported at a later date, that he was driving with his brother in a car
on his highway to Dallas, Texas to eat dinner, when at approximately 1900
hours, 30 January 1949, and saw a somewhat similar ball of fire moving
from North to South in the West just West and its apparent direction of
motion occurred slightly South of due West about 15 degrees West of
the moon and 10 degrees lower than the moon. Similar to distinguish-
tion the color changed from Blue to an orange-yellow and then to a deep
red color. according to the observer the disintegration appeared similar
to a rocket burst.

6. ... Mr. ... was interviewed early in January by F.
of Headquarters Flight Section, 97 Bomb Group run duty in the CAA Control
Tower at Meacham Field, Fort Worth, Texas, in lieu of his observations re-
corded in this diary on 20th of December 1948. These observations were
rehearsed in the control tower and ... said it was observed that this
radar set had been run in a 360 degree circle. This radar disappear, then, 
at an altitude of about 15 degrees and that end on 39 degrees East, mis-
sately 180 West, not a UFO was circling due to storm areas locali-
in the vicinity of the air field. The color of the observation was
concurred to be white. ... suggests or ... himself until then
compared as similar to the green of the runway lights, but did not
dit or any terminal flare.

7. ... Mr. ... On the night of 30 January 1949, ... placed a telephone
call to S... Municipal Airport, Big Springs, Texas, and spoke to
a ... who, together with two others, was in the control
tower at the air field and observed the phenomena. His observations
placed the beginning point at about 5 degrees North of North, and
points slightly North-East of Northwest. The exact duration was
between 5 and 7 seconds. The altitude was considered to be about 20
degrees above the horizon. The course was from North to South.

8. ... ... As an attempt to determine the end of these or dis-
"football" reports, to various individuals in the neighborhood of Abducen,
Texas, for reports of the observation of the phenomena, since accord-
ing to his calculations the end point should have been observed from

UNCLASSIFIED
```