The image provided appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book report. There are no photographs present in the image. Here is the text from the document:

---
UNCLASS,
6. The possibility of instrumentation was discussed. Col Hood said that during 1950 an airborne counter had been devised and attempts were made to use it in the wing tank of an F-47 at Oak Ridge. As far as he knew, this was never done because they could not get a powerful enough power source. He stated he didn't believe an airborne system would be too successful because the area that would give radiation would be too localized. His own instrumentation was to utilize a magnetometer in an effort to establish whether or not a reported object was material or not. (Contrary to what we've been told, he believed a magnetometer could be easily obtained that had a fairly long range - up to 50 to 75,000', if not more.) He suggested a setup of several types of instruments all cross checking each other, a magnetometer, a directional coincidence counter for radiation and radar.

7. During his visit to ATIC this summer, Col Hood had mentioned the fact that his branch was interested in Einstein’s latest theories on a relationship between gravity and lines of magnetic force(???). His branch has contacted Einstein and obtained the names of several people whom he thought could pursue this idea further and determine how this theory could be utilized for power. The Office of Flight Research is now contacting these people to see whether or not they would accept a study contract.

8. Col. Hood's suggestion was that we go ahead with a limited instrumentation program now. His idea was that the cost would be low and he believes we could at least preliminary data that we could expand on. He offered ATIC any aid his branch could give.

Conclusions

9. The only conclusion is that these people made a very preliminary type of study on the correlation of unknown radar pickups and rises in radiation. There is definitely nothing to "get our teeth into". Again, however, there are indications that there may be some correlation present.

10. The use of a magnetometer may be feasible to determine whether a material object is present and if this object is in any way utilizing the earths magnetic field in any way.

Recommendations

11. More details on the incidents at Oak Ridge should be obtained. Mr. Bettis and the head of the Physics Department at Vanderbilt University should be contacted to see if any correlations have been attempted since 1950.

12. Someone at WADC should be contacted to learn more about magnetometers.

UNCLASSIFIED

SECURITY INFORMATION

---