The image appears to include text from a document that discusses the possibility of life on Mars and compares atmospheric conditions on Mars with those on Earth and Venus. However, there is no photograph in this image. Here is the text as requested:

---

trolled. As a second possibility, evolution may have
veloped a beltz who onmi withst2r the rigors of the
Martian climate. Or the race may have perished.

These poss7ilitits hrve yeen sufficiently expounded in
the pseudo-scientific literature to make further amplifi-
cation superfluous. However, there my exists some interest-
ing restrictions to the,snsory 7ircle physiology of a Martian.
First of al: tss geography for example, 70 resume: a com-
pletely altered respiratory system for warm-blooded creatures,
if the atmoscrkc pressume is nu.ch below the vapor pressure
of water at the body temperature of the individual, the process
of breath.1if3 wih our type of lungs becomes impossible. On
Mars the critical pressure for m is determined to be 95°.
occurs when a column of the atmosphere contains one sixth the
mass of a identical column on the Earth, ct a body temperture
of 770°. tho critical mPss ratio is reduced to about exght-
twelfth, and at 50°F. to about 0.1 twenty-fourth. The
critical vues are of the escnt oj order as those estimated
for the Martin atmoshere. Accordingly, the roomy and phys-
iology of a Martier mE be radically different from ours but
this is all konjecture.

We do not know thz origin of life, nor over the Earth. We
are unable to observe any simis of intelligent life on Mars.
The reason mn. FomiT is conjunctional 7b, he believes that the
life force is universal ant that intelligent beings may he be
developed on Mars, he has only to im tine that they have
pass-tesd for countless eons It is a raro astrosphere wh:ch
is nearly devoid of oxr2n And water, anc on a planet where
the n'hts pre ipohi -older than our central winters. Th ex-
rstence of intelligent lif or Mars is not impossible but it is
completely unproven.

It is not too unrexonable to a step further and consider Venus
as a possible home for Fittelliront lifte. The atmosp.,re: to be sure,
apparently ccnsts mectly of caron. dloxlE with deep clouds of
corrosive droplets, 31ch that there seems to be little or no water.
Yet livin: orpamsTzs might develop in chemical environments that
are strange to us: the vegetable kindor, for example, operates
on a fundamentally different energy cycle from idns. Bodies might
be constituted by of 7rand with if different chemical
physical principles frmn any of thericture we know. One thine
is evident: fishes, insects, ani mamals all nanufacure within
their own bodies complex cheLcal compounds that do not exist as
minerals. To this extent, life is self-sufficient and might well
adapt itself to any environments with in certain limits of temperature
(and size cf creature).

Venus has two handicaps relat:ve to Mars. Her mass, and gravity,
are nearly as larFe as for the Earth (Mars is smaller) and her

26

---