There is no photograph present in the image provided.

I will now perform OCR and reproduce the text from the document.

---

UNCLASSIFIED

SUMMARY

The results of the study reviewed in this report, are based on data derived from reports of 243 domestic and thirty (30) foreign Incidents. Data from these incidents is being summarized, reproduced and distributed to agencies and individuals cooperating in the analysis and evaluation. Distribution has so far been accomplished on the summaries of 154 incidents and more are in process of reproduction at this time.^172.

A check list of items to be noted in reporting incidents has been prepared and distributed to government investigative agencies. The data obtained in reports received are studied in relation to many factors such as guided missile, research activity, weather and other atmospheric sounding balloon launchings, commercial and military aircraft flights, flights of migratory birds, and other considerations, to determine possible explanations for sightings.

Based on the possibility that the objects are really unidentified and unconventional types of aircraft a technical analysis is made of some of the reports to determine the aerodynamics, propulsion, and control features that would be required for the object to perform as described in the reports. The objects and sightings have been grouped into four classifications according to configuration:

1. Flying disks, i.e., very low aspect ratio aircraft.
2. Torpedo or cigar shaped bodies with no wings or fins visible in flight.
3. Spherical or balloon-shaped objects.
4. Balls of light

The first three groups are capable of flight by aerodynamic or aerostatic means and can be propelled and controlled by methods known to aeronautical designers. The fourth appears to have no physical form attached, but the means of support may not have been seen by the observer.
  
Approximately twenty percent of the incidents have been identified as conventional aerial objects to the satisfaction of personnel assigned to Project "Sign" in this Command. It is expected that a study of the incidents in relation to weather and other atmospheric sounding balloons will provide solutions for an equivalent number. Verbal statements by an astro-physicist at Ohio State University and by psychologists of the Aero-Medical Laboratory of this Command, indicate the possibility of solving an appreciable number of the sightings as a result of their investigations. Elimination of incidents with reasonably satisfactory explanations will clarify the problem presented by a project of this nature.

UNCLASSIFIED

---