No photograph is present in this document image. Here is the text output from the document:

ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET
FROM: AC/INTELL
TO: MCIA/XAS
SUBJECT: Project Grudge 306-392
DATE: 1 Aug 49 COMMENT NO. 2

1. In the analysis of the data presented, the first question that must be answered - "Did the observers actually perceive the objects which they describe through their physical sensing organs or were they created within the observer, i.e. noise?" The objects have been seen simultaneously by several observers and certain common characteristics described. This is irrefutable evidence and it must be recognized that the objects which the observers reported were real and perceived from stimuli received from outside the observer.

2. Now let us examine the testimony. What are the firm facts brought out by the observers?

a. The object had contrast with the sky by virtue either of a high albedo or radiation eminating from its surface.

b. The object was moving relative to the observer. The speed at which the objects were moving cannot be established to any degree because of the lack of range information. Whether it was moving with the air mass or not is not certain. Shell observed the object to be moving retrograde to his own vehicle at an estimated 230 mph, relative but without definite range measurements, very little can be made from this part of the observation. What object at this speed can move with a 20 mph wind? Consequently one could assume any number of situations which would physically satisfy the conditions described by the observer, i.e. the object could be at rest in the air mass when viewed forward or the thwart ship axis, the object could appear large because of being a bright object at a distance in a free field, as the object came closer, its size would appear in true perspective and to the rear of the thwart ship axis, the object would again appear to be larger. This would give the impression of great distance and consequently great speed for a given angular rate. In the case of the ground observer, the angular rate was equivalent of the anticipated motion of the air mass but on a different direction. Variation in altitude could account for this different direction of air mass; consequently, it cannot be definitely established that the bodies observed were not moving with the air mass, and on the other hand, it cannot be proved that they were. Therefore, all we can conclude was the object moved relative to the observer at an unknown speed.

c. Configuration: Elongated oval; a solid of revolution. These seem to be a common observation.

d. Size: Indefinite

e. Altitude: Shell reported what can be considered a reliable observation beneath the level of his own vehicle which was at 9000 ft. above main sea level and 10,500 ft. above the terrain.

(Continue on other side)