The image provided is a scanned page of a text document. There are no photographs included in this image. Here is the full text extracted from the document:

Page 2 Incident: 2503

Name and address of observer: 2533rd Base Ser. Sqd
OAFB, Orlando, Florida (Barracks 2717 )

Occupation and hobbies: Sgt of the Guard, Base Provost Marshall's Office

Comments of Interviewer relative to intelligence and character of observer(s): Good reputation and is considered reliable. Former Deputy Sheriff.

Observer professed to being slightly color blind.

On 24 Jan. 1949 —————————————, 2533rd Base Service Sqd., Orlando AFB, Orlando Florida, was interviewed, and stated that he was Sergeant of the Guard on the morning of 31 Jan 1949, at 0155 hours, while standing just north of building 1470-A, Orlando AFB, Orlando, Florida. As he stood watching lights on old jet engine which looked to him like an airplane about to crash and then like a falling star. This object was approximately 3° in size and resembled the hub and rim of an automobile wheel, bluish-green in color, round and appeared to be approximately 300° above the horizon. When first sighted, the object looked like it was about 100° above the horizon and over a point approximately 500 feet from ———————————————————— in a direction of approximately 315°. The line of flight of this object was from Southeast to Southwest in the form of a curve and was observed for a period of from 30 to 40 seconds. —————————— approximated the speed of this object at 150 mph, based on the speed of aircraft he had observed in flight. There was no sound, odor, trail or projection in or around this object. It appeared to be a dull mass, with a bright center and while in slight trave [sic] led on a level plane, then dipped and leveled off again finally disappeared while in mid-air. There were no clouds in the sky, no moon, stars were out and the weather was clear with good visibility. This object appeared to be without substance and was described by —————————— as similar to the spot of a searchlight without the normal beam. This object was viewed through clear space and observer did not and does not wear glasses, but did profess to be slightly color-blind.

[Redactions are indicated by a series of dashes where information has been obscured in the original document.]