The image presented appears to be a text document, and there are no photographs within this image.

As an OCR, here is the text output from the document:

---
DETAILS:

1. On 6 April 1949, this office received a memorandum from a reliable government agency concerning information pertaining to this alleged sighting of an unconventional aircraft, so-called "Flying Discs." This office conducted interviews of persons that were alleged to have observed the object and invesu̲a̲tions at A̲F̲ ̲Form̲ ̲112̲ ̲are not available at this Air Force Base, the following report is submitted;

AT DILLON, MONTANA.

On 3 April 1949, Mr. ------- who owns and operates a construction company at Dillon, Montana, reported sighting an object commonly known as a "Flying Disc" at approximately 1150 hours, 3 April 1949. At the time of the observation alleged appearance of the object, was standing in the yard of his construction company located approximately one mile southwest of Dillon, Montana, facing north and at approximately 1,150 hours, 3 April 1949, saw what appeared to be a "Flying Disc" at an altitude of approximately three to five thousand feet over the northern part of the city of Dillon, Montana, and approximately four miles north of Mr. ------'s position depending upon the known city limits of the city of Dillon of four to five feet in diameter through the aperture. The objects at the time of sighting appeared to be rocking or rotating in a semi-circular motion. It appeared to be constructed of metal such as aluminum and was bright on the upper side and reflected sunlight, the lower side appeared to be a bluish-gray or greenish-gray, which did not reflect light. The shape of the object was that of a plate or disc placed upon another inverted plate or disc. The edges of the disc were believed to be exceedingly thin with considerable thickness in the middle.

The object, after rocking from side to side for at least several completed arcs, proceeded in an easterly direction and descended rapidly from the height at which it was first observed down to an altitude of approximately 200 or 300 feet at which it again started the rocking motion. After rocking a few times and reflecting light each time, the upper side came into view, and then moved rapidly in a southwesterly direction to a position approximately 1000 feet in altitude and two miles west of Dillon, Montana, at which time it again started the rocking motion. After rocking a few times, it proceeded rapidly to a position above the airport of Dillon, Montana, at approximately a 1000 foot altitude and twelve miles northeast of Dillon, Montana. The object again rocked a few times and rapidly disappeared over and beyond the mountains east of Dillon, Montana.

The object did not show evidence of exhaust, smoke, odor or sound. The visibility at the time of the alleged appearance of the object was approximately forty miles, The sky was clear. The object did not appear to have any propelling fins, stabilizers, slots or duct openings. The object was alleged to have traveled at a speed faster than 1000 miles per hour or as fast, the observers said, the object seemed to blur.

2. Information relating to the reporter is as follows:

[The rest of the text is cut off and not visible in the image provided.]
---

The text includes redacted information, represented by lines like "Mr. -------".
