There are no photographs present in the image provided.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

UNC.LASSIFIE 
DETAILS:

1. On 9 AUGUST 1949, this office received a telephone call from a reliable federal agency concerning information pertaining to the alleged sighting of unconventional aircraft. This office conducted an interview of the individual, Mr. -------, who was alleged to have observed the object and made a search of the area where two (2) of the alleged discs are presumed to have fallen.

AT GREAT FALLS AIR FORCE BASE, GREAT FALLS, MONTANA

2. On 9 August 1949, this AGENT received a telephone call from Mr. LANGEN, Assistant Supervisor, Federal Bureau of Investigation District Office, Butte, Montana, to the effect that a Mr. -------, ----- lodge owner, on the Highway to Director, Montana, (just outside of West Yellowstone, Montana, had advised the Butte Office, FBI, that an employee of his, and a number of guests at the lodge, on the morning of 9 August 1949, sighted a flight of flying discs, two of which had landed in the immediate surrounding area. Seven of them were reputed to have come across the lake area at about 0930 hours, two of these failing in the immediate area, one in a wooded area on the opposite shore of the lake and one in the lake itself. Approximately one-half hour later another "flying disc" was observed to have flown across the Hebgen Lake area. 

3. On 9 August 1949, this AGENT contacted Mr. -------, who confirmed his telephone conversation with the Butte Office, FBI, and repeated essentially the same story that he had previously given to that agency. Mr. ------- further stated that one of the eyewitnesses, a guide employed by Mr. ------- new the approximate location of both of the "discs" that had fallen and would be held available to take any agents he might send to the objects. Mr. ------- stated that he believed that the eyewitness, a guide, knew to within a few hundred feet the specific location of the "discs". This AGENT questioned Mr. ------- closely, attempting to eliminate all possibilities such as jet aircraft, radio-sonde devices, pilot balloons, rawind devices, etc., with negative results. Mr. ------- further asserted that there were a number of people in the area who had observed this identical phenomenon.

AT HEBGEN LAKE, WEST YELLOWSTONE MONTANA

4. On 10 August 1949, this AGENT interviewed Mr. -------, ------- employed by the -------------------, relative to purported sightings made of a total of seven (7) flying discs at 0930 hours, 9 August 1949, and one (1) similar object. seen at about 1000 hours. Mr. ------- stated that two (2) of the objects had crashed in the surrounding area. Mr. ------- stated that

UNCLASSIFIED