There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image is a scanned page from a document containing text. I will now provide the text output as an OCR would:

---

Assuming the above volume to be typical, the contents of any
other reasonable volume can be found by varying the number of stars
proportionately with the volume, or with the radius cubed. S = 22 x
( R / 16 ), where S is number of eligible stars and R is the radius
of the volume in light years. (This Formula should only be used for
radii greater than 15 light years. For smaller samples we call for
a recount. For example, the only known eligible star other than the
Sun lies within eight light years.)

Having an estimate of the number of useable stars, it is now
necessary to make a guess as to the number of habitable planets. We
have only one observed sample, the Solar System, and the guess must
be made with low "confidence, since intelligent life may not be randomly
distributed at all.

The Sun has nine planets, arranged in a fairly regular progression
of orbits (see reference 1, Appendix I). that lends credence to
theories that many stars have planets. Of the nine planets, (one, the
Earth), less completely inhospitable. If we work on a "jetison orbital"
various mass sizes! Mars has extremely vigorous living conditions, and
Venus has an unsuitable atmosphere. If we very broadly inject, that
could mean that each star would have a series of planets so spaced
that one, or possibly two, would have correct temperatures, correct
moisture content and a troposphere to support civilized life. Let us
assume that there is, on the average, one habitable planet per eligible
star.

There is no line of reasoning or evidence which can indicate
whether life will actually develop on a planet where the conditions
are suitable. Here again, the Earth may be unique rather than a random.
sample. This writer can only inject some personal intuition into the
discussion with the view that life is not unique on Earth, or given
the random result of a low probability, but the practically inevitable
in the right conditions. This is to say, the number of inhabited
planets is equal to the number of useable stars!

One more item needs to be considered. Knowing not at all
about other races, we must assume that, is average as to technical
advancement, environmental difficulties, etc. That is, one half of the
other planets are behind us and have no space travel and the other
half are ahead and have various levels of space travel. We can thus
imagine that in our sample volume there are 11 races of beings who have
begun space explorations. The formula on page 3 above now becomes

R = 11 x ( R / 16 )^3
where R is the number of races exploring space in a spherical volume
of radius R > 16 light years.

Arguments like those applied to Martians on page 2 need not apply
to races from other star systems. Instead of being a first contact
call, Earth would possibly be reached only after many centuries of de-
velopment and exploration with space ships, so that a visiting race
would be expected to be far in advance of Man.

---

Please note that some parts of the text may have been misread due to the quality of the scan.