There is no photograph present in this image, only text. Here is the text as rendered by an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) process:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS

1. This inquiry was requested by Major NOAL A. LEARY, Air Provost Marshal,
1500th Air Transport Wing, Hickam Air Force Base, and is based upon report by:

1st Lt FREDERICK J. NOWMAN, AO779992, 31st Weather Squadron
last Lt CLARENCE R. MARTIN, 156294, Hg Pacific Division, MATS

Hickam Air Force Base, to another Federal Agency, that they had observed an un-
identified flying object at about 1700 hours, Hawaiian Time, 30 September 1949.

AT HICKAM AIR FORCE BASE, HONOLULU, T.H. AND VICINITY

2. On 30 September 1949, NORMAN and MARTIN were interviewed, and the follow-
ing Joint statement made by them:

ST A T E M E N T

We, 1st Lt FREDERICK J. NOWMAN, AO779992, 31st Weather Squadron, APO 953,
and 1st Lt CLARENCE R. MARTIN, 156294, Hq & Hq Squadron, PACD, TAPS, APO 953,
prior to making this statement will say the following paragraphs have had
placed into us the 24th Article of War by an individual who has identified himself
to us as a Special Agent of the Office of Special Investigations, USAF. We under-
stand that we cannot be compelled to incriminate ourselves or to answer any ques-
tion not material to the issue we an the answer may tend to degrade us. We have
been informed of our rights to have an attorney.

This is a report of an unidentified Flying object which was observed by us
under the following. circumstances.

At approximately 1700 hours this date, Friday, 30 September, 1949, we were
approximately 100 feet off shore at Yeeh Beach, Honolulu International Airport
where we had gone swimming, and were laying on a cement raft, our faces to the
sky. Our attention was attracted by a small, brilliant object in the sky, over-
head, approximately 5-degress from zen in the direction of Hickam Air Force
Base. This was a single object and because of its dazzling appearance, we first
thought it to be a star, until we realized that the sun had not yet gone down.
This object was very small in perspective, about the size of a quarter held at a
thumbtack held at a distance of about 3 feet. It appeared to us to be well over
10,000 feet in height. This object appeared white in color, as if coated with
aluminum paint or was of aluminum construction. It first appeared to be round,
but, on occasion, changed to an elliptical shape, and back to round again. We
could not hazard a guess as to approximate size. This object seemed to float in
the sky and travelled in a generally northerly arc from what appeared to us to
be from above over Hickam to Tripler Hospital and thence to Honolulu. It was ob-
served for a period of at least 20 minutes. This object made no vertical ascent
or descant that we could observe; however, did from time to time, move short dis-
tances to and from on a horizontal plane. From time to time the object would
appear to spin rapidly in an evasive, erratic manner. At time what appeared evi-
dence of eminant in the form of a grey-brown, light colored smoke was noted.

2	UNCLASSIFIED
```