There are no photographs present in this image; it is a page of text. Below is the transcription of the text from the document:

---

P.H. GARRETT
MOUNT HOPE, WEST VA.

October 3, 1949

Technical Intelligence Div.,
Air Material Command Headquarters
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio,

Gentlemen;

My wife and I have a first class case of the JITTERS not because of what we have witnessed but for fear we too would be the source of laughter should we make it public.

When stories relating to Flying Saucers and Disks made their appearance I was inclined to believe they were based on illusions or imaginary objects and like the majority of people did not attach particular significance to them.

When Mr. Sidney Shallit published his articles relating to them in the Saturday Evening Post I accepted his doubts and explanations as they referred to scientific causes, especially in view of the fact our Government denied all responsibility for possible experimental missiles.

But now, in the light of our own experience, I am not too sure. Possibly there are strange, man made objects traveling throughout the atmosphere. Being reasonably intelligent we have decided to submit the following report for what it might be worth.

We live on a high hill overlooking our community. We became sky conscious during the war due to many planes flying over our home in a north-south direction. Since the war, Capital, Eastern and Piedmont planes continue to fly this course. Hence we are accustomed to looking sky-ward both day and night.

Saturday afternoon, October the first, at five P.M., my wife and I were standing on the hill near our home and by chance, I was looking direct at the Southern Sky. Then suddenly, there entered the field of vision a strange object. Sensing something unusual I grabbed my wife by the arm and pointing skyward, shouted, do you see what I see. "Yes I do she replied" and after its disappearance we stood silent, in astonishment, for a moment before either could speak.

This object came into the field of vision on about a 45 degree angle, traveling at a terrific speed, due north, and vanished from sight at about the same position it had become visible. During the few seconds it was visible I tried to make a careful observation as to its general contour and etc.

Generally speaking, the best way I can describe this device to is state, that from the end, it looked like a sheet of metal from four to five feet in length and thirty inches wide with rounded corners.