There are no photographs present in this image of the document.

Here is the text from the document as an OCR output:

```
24-7e

and has volunteered to attempt to place what he saw on a black and white
ink drawing. He estimates that it will take him approximately two weeks
to complete this drawing, since it will be necessary to make numerous
preliminary sketches from memory. Mr. ROEPE has been requested to save
all preliminary sketches and all work sheets.

12. The following persons were interviewed by Special Agents ELK
and SIDDREAD on 9 July 1949, all from numbers - Wilmont Court, Baltimore,
2, Maryland, and these individuals stated, concerning unidentifiable
aerial objects observed 29 June 1949, in substance as follows:

- stated that she end her husband observed appro-
ximately 50 dark objects in the southeast section of Baltimore, and travel-
ing north at a speed far in excess of that made by birds. The objects
were observed for about twenty seconds, and then would disappear for a
circle of minutes and reappear traveling in the opposite direction. The
objects were dark in color and flew in no set pattern. She indicated the ob-
jects pointed out to her by the group collected around them. The
objects were seen from approximately 1830 to 2020 hours.

- advised that he observed approximately twenty
flying objects about 1915 hours and that these objects appeared over
southeast Baltimore and manœuvred over in a northeasterly direction. He
described the actions of the objects as grouping in a mass in flight
and forming into a winglike formation on the turns. advised
that the objects seemed to appear for 20-secual intervals at one minute
periods. The shape of the objects somewhat resembled airplanes and were
last seen just before darkness. , on a above
informant, advised that he saw a number of black objects traveling at a
speed much faster "than airplanes ever went" from about 1500 hours until
dusk.

- advised that at approximately 1800 hours they had seen ob-
jects, which they described as "Widge shaped", flying from the southeast
to the northeast sections of Baltimore at a very high rate of speed, al-
most as though they were being pulled through the air. The objects were
described as being smaller than planes, and were said to have disappeared
upon the appearance of other planes in the area. The objects were thought
to be black in color, but due to the rapid rate of speed at which they
were traveling none of the above-mentioned individuals could make an ac-
curate statement as to the description of the objects. The number of ob-
jects was thought to be about twenty, and the time of disappearance was
estimated at about 2000 hours.

- advised that she had seen an unknown number
of dark objects circling southeast and northeast of Baltimore about
dusk. , advised that she did not know whether the objects were
birds or not, but described them as being about the size of planes and

UNCLASSIFIED
-9-
```