There is no photograph present in the provided image; it appears to be a page with text from a document.

Here is the output of all the text contained in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Q. Did you see any falling objects either during or after this flash?
A. No, I didn't. This incident occurred so quickly, I was taken by
surprise. The first thing was the light which seemed to be directly over me radiat-
ing to a reddish yellow glow, and the first thing I noticed was this reddish yell-
low stuff over to my right, with a hill in the background. It lit up the hill like
a cast-iron cupola bursting out. The white light was so intense that it could
see trees and stones along the road approximately twenty-five (25) to fifty
(50) yards away from me.

Q. Did you see any moving objects prior to the flash?
A. No, I did not. There was nothing mechanical, nothing moving; it
appeared to me to be soft molten stuff. The hill was in the background, and
this thing was above me. Stuff seemed to be spewing out of it. I thought it
was a mushroom.

Q. Did this thing fall to the hillside?
A. No, it inclined to the hill side then sputtered. Whether it dis-
solved or not, I do know.

Q. What color was this thing you describe?
A. It was reddish yellow, like molten cast iron. It had a deep
reddish yellow color, unlike molten steel which gives off a more intense and
brighter light.

Q. Can you give me an idea of the size of this thing? Compare it
with something in this city.
A. Oh, I actually don't know. Something was shooting out in the back
of it, and the end of it, kind of a spewing out was the principal thing in my mind.
It happened so fast it was hard to grasp. It was impossible to estimate the size of
that alarm clock on this file cabinet, but it is difficult to estimate sizes
and distances, especially after dark. (Note: The ordinary alarm clock in
this office has a diamter of four (4) inches, and the witness was a distance
of approximately eighteen (18) feet away from it at the time of the above
statement.)

Q. What was its altitude when it started on an incline?
A. It was a distance of two or three miles from me. It seemed quite
a ways away from me.

Q. What was the altitude?
A. It was just below the hilltop. The road is surrounded by steep
hills, and since the hills were the background, it couldn't have been too high.

Q. From your direction of travel, where did the object land?
A. It was southwest to my right, but whether it landed or cleared
the hill, I can't say.
```

The filename and page number is also provided: `1949-02-6792495-SouthParkersburg-WestVirginia-300-.pdf18.txt`.