This is a text-based document and does not contain any photographs. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

1.00 degrees, turning gradually to heading of 270 
degrees with observation lost due to sighting at 
exactly 2230 hrs DST.

(7) Observation 1: From approximately 5,000 ft a gradual 
descent until screened by trees tops.
Observation 2: Climbing erratically in "bounces of 
approximately 2,000 feet" with occasional rapid 
losses of altitude of approximately "4,000 feet", 
resulting in overall climb until loss to view at 
an altitude above the order of 40,000 feet.

(8) As described.
(9) Nil sound heard.
(10) Nil exhaust trail was observed.

6. General Remarks:

Flying object appeared to be one (1) or circular row of
lighted windows, turn to shine and made with dot approximately 5 to
6 miles distant over the Gulf of Mexico receding into space with red 
glow of emission. During both observations, "glare" and "flashes" from observ-
ed (brighter color on lower "chassis" half especially, strong on 
bright as against general intervals). Lights on window more brilliant than 
the glares or flames. A flying object sighted, observed proceeded and 
discussed with wife. After 0-1:30 was lost to view, resumed driving with 
old speed repeating on few occasions after about 2 miles of normal driving 
On second sighting again decreased, sparser more pronounced and appear-
ly pulsating; this approximately 5 second intervals.
No irregular pattern after turning to final course at approximately 
270 degrees until very near to "threshold", then as if to go in somersault 
over the gulf making a turn in Bradleyville or 5 mile descending 
hills. Somersault appeared to last after turn to final zig zagging course. 
At a standard Oil station in Bradenton town; morning before 
noon, observer heard a customer discussing "flying discs" but unable to 
state whether or not this was pertaining to his sighting of the previous 
night.

2. Observer is mature, serious, disturbed by incidents and apparent-
ly reviewed all aspects of observations before reporting.

nd
Enclosures

38325 A, STAFFIL
Lt Colonel
Director of Intelligence

Copy Furnished:

Chief of Staff
Att'n: OPD Liais on Group
Washington 25, D. C.
ATTN: The Director of Intelligence,
UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that there are a few places where the original text seems to be obstructed or unclear, which has affected the accuracy of the transcription in those areas.