The image does not contain any photographs. It consists entirely of typewritten text. Here is the text reproduced as an OCR would output it:

---
Case File #24-26
DO #20, McChord AFB

UNCLASSIFIED

"I know what I saw," said [Redacted] "I'm not trying to make jokes."

3. As a reporter, Mr. [Redacted] related to this agent a background on the stories he had received from a Mr. [Redacted] who was reported to have been the first individual to have seen so-called flying discs in the vicinity of Boise and reported to have written several articles on the subject. [Redacted] stated that ARNOLD had undergone an exhaustive investigation by the Fourth Air Force at Hamilton Air Force Base. Efforts to locate [Redacted] met with negative results.

4. Accompanied by [Redacted] this agent proceeded to the spot where [Redacted] had reportedly been when he first observed the flying discs. Photographs were taken of this area and are attached as Exhibits "A", "B" and "C".

5. On 10 June 49, Mr. [Redacted] of Boise, Idaho, a farmer living in the farm home nearest to the spot from where the discs were allegedly seen by [Redacted] was interviewed. He stated that he had not seen any unidentified ob-jects in the sky on or about 13 May 49, or at any other time either previous or sub-sequent thereto.

6. On 10 June 49, Mr. [Redacted] Pilot Instructor and Trainer, Bradley Field, Route 1, Boise, Idaho, was interviewed and stated that on 24 April 49, at approximately 0800 hours, he was on a flight to Mountain Home, Idaho, in an L-13B plane, cruising at approximately 140 miles per hour, at approximately 9,000 feet altitude, and was estimated to be approximately ten miles North of Mountain Home, travelling in an East by Southeasterly direction, when he and his two passengers observed what first appeared to be birds in the sky, approximately 1,000 feet above his altitude of Flight. A more careful scrutinization revealed that the objects were travelling in the same direction as he and at a faster rate of speed. These objects could not be identified as any type of plane known to either his passengers and were soon lost from sight. The objects sighted were reported to have been oval in shape with a small point in the forward section of the object.
stated that he did not report the incident because there had been so many false reports in that area that he felt that his story would be just one more that would be poohed at. He did not recall the name of one of his passengers; however, the other passenger was a pilot working at Bradley Field by the name of [Redacted] Efforts to contact Mr. [Redacted] with negative results.

7. On 10 June 49, Captain [Redacted], Reserve, Operations Officer, 190th Fighter Squadron, Idaho National Guard, Boise, Idaho, was interviewed and the operational records were checked to determine aircraft that were flying on 13 May 49. It was found that one F-51 was on a test flight but was not over mountainous terrain in the area where the objects were viewed [Redacted] that area was retrograded by squadron regulations to fighter craft unless on operational orders. Captain [Redacted] stated that to his knowledge there were no radar sightings in the immediate area of Boise, Idaho, the nearest radar to his knowledge being at Hill Field, Ogden, Utah. He also stated that there were no testing devices in the area by the armed forces or any research organizations.

UNCLASSIFIED

-3-
---