The document does not contain any photographs, so there are none to describe. Here is the text output from the document as an OCR system:

```
GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION (Cont'd)                                          Incident No.
                                                                          UNCLASSIFIED
21.  Manner of disappearance:                   Faded into distance at tremendous speed.

22.  Effect on clouds: None

23.  Additional information concerning object: At time object was noted, a small
civilian craft, yellow in color, was flying in a north-south direction, approximately one mile west of the shoreline. This plane was a monoplane,
presumably a two-place machine. The plane never approached close enough
to the observers for its wing number to be noted.

24.  Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: Sky was cloudless and
of an intense blue and wind velocity is estimated to have been about
15 miles per hour.

25.  Name and address of observer:
Houston, Tex.
Occupation and hobbies:                            Investigator

Comments of interrogator relative to intelligence and character of 
observer (check neighbors, police dept, FBI records, employer, etc.)


Did observer wear glasses, especially polarid glasses at time of sighting, or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent
material? Both observers were wearing green sun glasses. Object
viewed while reclining in a beach chair on Galveston Public Beach,
about 200 yards south of 61st St., Galveston, Texas.

REMARKS :
Item 20. When object was about a 90° angle over Galveston, it
appeared to stop. This impression may have been gained by the
high altitude and angle of flight and it could have been that the
object did not stop but merely reached an apex in its flight from
observer's position. At this moment observer called his wife's
attention to the object, and immediately thereafter the object
disappeared into the west at a tremendous speed, in just a few
seconds; just seemed to fade into the distance at the level of
flight at which it was first observed.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YE..;
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that the text has been transcribed as is, including any typos or grammatical errors present in the original document.