This page from the document does not contain any photographs.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
To summarize the discussion thus far: the chan :e of spa.:o
travelers existinc at plants attached to neighboring stars is very
much greater than the chance of space-travelin Martinians. The
one can be viewed almost as a certainty (if the assumotions are
accepted), whereas the oth r is very slight indeed.

In order to estimate to relative chan ;es that visitors from
Mars or star X could come to the Farth and act like "flying objects",
some discussion of characteristics of spa:e ships is necessary.

To handle the simple case first, a trip from Mars to Earth
should be feasible using a rock t-powered vehicle. One here, the
rocket would probably use more fuel in slowine down for a landing
than it did in initial takeoff , due to Earth's higher gravitational
force.

A rou^h estimate of one-way performance can by found by gdding
the so-called "escape velocity" of Mars to that of the Earth plus
the total energy change (kinetic and potnttia:) used in transferring
from one planetary orbit to the other. These are 3.1, 7.9, and 10.7
miles pe second, respectively), victory miles gained per so m ion e
of 20.8 miles per second for a one-way flight. Barri: a refueling
mission, the vehicle would have to land and replenish or else carry
100% reserves for the trip home.

Let us assume the Martians have develop nd a nuclear, hydro --:
propelled vehlcle (the most efflcie t basic arrangen^nt that has
been conceived here on Earth) which uses basic state es to get here
and the remaining stages to return to Mars, thus completing a round
trip without refueling but slowin down enough in our atmosphere to be easily visible (i.e., practically mark'[ing a landline). Since it
is nuclear powered, gas temperatures will be llnnted to the maximum
operating temperatures the materials can withstand (that must transfer
from the pile to the gas, so cooling can't be used in the pile).
The highest melting point material of which we can fins
uranium carbide. It has a melting point of 450%</in. Assume the Martians
are capable of realizing a gas temperature of 450@R ( = 2500K), and
that they also have alloys which make high motor pressures (3000
psi) economical. Then the specific Impulse will be ( = 1035 seconds
and the exhaust velocity will be 1 - 33,400 ft/sec (reference 5).
Calculations show that using a single stage for each leg of the journey would require a fuel/gross weight ratio of,o.96 (for each stage)
too high to be practical. Using two stages each way (Four alo^pther)
brings the required fuel ratio down to,.91, a value that can be
realized.

If, by the development of strong alloys, the basic weight could
be kept to 10% of the total wight for each stage, a residue of 9%
could be used for payload. A four stage vehicle would then have a
gross weight (100%) = 15,000 tones as treats the payload: thu,s,
if the payload were 2,000 pounds, the ross weight would be 30 million
pounds at initial takeoff (Earth pounds).
```

(Note: The document has a number of typographical errors, which may be due to OCR errors in the scanning process, age of the document and its condition, or it may reflect the original typing errors. These are represented as close to the original text as possible in the above transcription.)