There are no photographs present on the page you provided. It is a text-based document from Project Blue Book. Here is the full text transcribed from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
DETAILS: 19 OSI 24-15

a. This investigation was requested by District Commander, District Office #9, Fourth Air Force, United States Air Force Base, upon receipt of a report of investigation conducted by Naval Intelligence at San Diego, California, dated 23 June 1949, File DI0-IINID 38-49, which is summarized as follows:

"On Friday, 27 May 1949, --------- of 4575 Northridge Drive, Los Angeles, California, was flying his privately owned SNJ-type aircraft from Red Bluff, California, to Burns, Oregon. He departed Red Bluff at 1332 hours, P.S.T., and arrived at Burns at 1458 hours P.S.T. At 1425 hours, same date, --------- observed the sun reflecting on an object, or objects, at a considerable distance ahead and a few points to the starboard. He continued to watch the course taken by the reflecting material, expecting it to materialize into a conventional aircraft as the distance lessened between him and the object or objects. As the object reached the Long Buttes (shown on the Boise (V-2) Aeronautical Chart as Hart Mountain) which run for a number of miles along the east side of some dry lakes (Swamp, Plagstaff, Campbell and Stone Corral Lakes), he observed that instead of a single object there were several which seemed to be flying in formation. At this point the objects appeared to have changed their course to the left they were paralleling his course and were following the bluffs to him at about 1000 to 1500 feet below his altitude at a distance which he estimates to have been 5-1/2 to 7-1/2 miles. It is certain that it could not have been as far as ten (10) miles since the objects outlined against less than ten (10) miles away and he could see the objects outlined against the bluffs."

b. The objects that --------- saw are described by him as follows:

"Size of each object; Considerably smaller than a fighter plane, probably less than 20' in length. All of the separate objects appeared to be the same in size.
Shape of objects: There was no break in the outline. The outline is certain he would have recognized conventional aircraft. They had a solid configuration, and no great thickness. They were elongated oval, perhaps twice as long as wide, and perhaps five times as long as the thick, points out he observed the objects from an angle from above and could not easily estimate their thickness; they could possibly have been egg-shaped, and could conceivably have been perfectly ovate. The objects seemed definitely solid – there was nothing ethereal about them.
Speed of objects: --------- is confident they were travelling at least as fast as his own plane (212 MPH), and that a tail wind of 15 to 18 MPH and the objects would therefore have been doing over 230 MPH air speed. Calculating the speed of the objects would travel along/southwest, opposite to from course. The landing the speed of the objects, several different ways from the facts on hand, the speed of the objects varies between 190 to 260 MPH. --------- concluded at the time of observation that he could not possibly have turned

UNCLASSIFIED
24-2-2-25

(Note: The redactions in the text are represented here by dotted lines where the name of the individual or other sensitive information might have been removed.)