The image does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned document page with typed text. Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

1. NAME OF SUBJECT OR TITLE OF INCIDENT              2. DATE SUBMITTED
Sighting of Unconventional Aircraft                 24 August 1949
                                                    3. CONTROL SYMBOL OR FILE NO.

4. REPORT OF FINDINGS

On 25 August 1949, the following information concerning the sighting of an unconventional aircraft was obtained from  ---------------, an air technician, -------------------------, Columbus, -------------------------, Columbus, Ohio.

An unrecorded-by-RDO Ignition, 1 August 1949, while talking to Traffic Control Tower, port Columbus, Airport, --------- observed a strange small directly above the airport, which appeared to be an oval craft the size of a Ryan PT22 craft, not silver, colored, possibly as 30,000 feet and in a westerly direction. It was impossible to ascertaining, thereby eliminating a vane-type and confirming its manner distinctively for approximately two miles for ten minutes and then made a turn for approximately ten minutes to the north west and at intervals diminished in sharp and size to that it to picture and a rolled journal for ten minutes, its velocity slower, tall silhouettes experiences therefore may be following features during the time interval indicated in this report, which may him been caused by a common similar to Juno (Not assigned to Port Columbus) or air turbulence behind such a craft, assumed that the yellow two-man or one-man trail to be a "contrail" because of its density and color. This trail was described as parallel to and swooping to intersect did not obstruct the ability to see contrails had just occurred. no propeller craft could this distance concurrently and traveled through so full nor of apparently parallel to known accompli. it was noticeable that it was visible. Soon after two to three thousand horsepower, a "V" type was observed in the sky at about 30,000 to 35,000 feet, trailing over Hamilton and Norris look direct at the southwest corner of the airport, and intersection in a northwesterly direction. was expected to travel toward the horizon in a northwesterly direction.

Port Columbus Tower contacted the pilot of a Trans-world Airlines plane, en route to Dayton, the pilot advised for this observation on the 14th. it is reported that two pilots gave his position an error to start Jefferson, this relative to his evidence 90 miles away from the intersection even though more planes en route this vicinity, had a window by seconds from the ----- ---- to seconds from the ----- was transmitted the course to the intersection of the CO, to the CC, route. the course to the intersection to Shreveport to the intersection to Fort Worth, still visible aircraft at time more of a liquid type, and the light described was still visible at that time.

The "contrail" which is stated could had from some aircraft traffic, had common different as a "V" type, is described to be downward what he had seen in the past as aircraft contrail -- no error, what's underneath, to comparison. A report of the indications as carried in the local press is attached to this report.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASS

5. TYPE NAME AND ORGANIZATION OF SPECIAL AGENT         6. SIGNATURE OF SPECIAL AGENT

WD AGO FORM 341
1 JUN 47

U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1949--0--657244

---