The image provided is a black and white scanned document page with no photographs present, just text. Here is the text as an OCR would output:

---

The chance that Martians, under such widely divergent condi-
tions, would have a civilization resembling our own is ex-
tremely remote. It is particularly unlikely that their
civilization would get within a half century of our own state
of advancement. Yet in the last 50 years we have just started
to use aircraft and in the next 50 years we will almost
certainly start exploring space.

Thus it appears that space travel from another point within
the Solar system is possible but very unlikely. Odds are at
least a thousand-to-one against it.

This leaves the totality of planets of other stars in the
Galaxy as possible sources. Any modern astronomers believe
that planets are fairly normal and logical affairs in the life
history of a star (rather than an astrophysical oddities) so that
many planets can be expected to exist in space.

To narrow the field a little, some loose specifications can
be written for the star about which these habitable planets would
revolve. Let us say that the star should bear a family re-
semblance to the Sun, which is a member of the so-called "main
sequence" of stars, i.e., we eliminate white dwarfs, red giants
and supergiants. For a description of these types, see refer-
ence 2, Chapter 5, there is no special reason for making this
assumption except to simplify discussion: we are still consider-
ing the majority of stars.

Next, true variable stars can be eliminated, since conditions on
a planet attached to a variable star would fluctuate too wildly
to permit life. The number of stars deleted here is negligibly
small. Reference 3, pages 76 and 83 indicate that the most
common types are too bright to be in nearby space unnoticed.
Lastly, we shall not carry our multiple stars, since the condi-
tions for stable planet orbits are obscure in such cases. About
a third of the stars are eliminated by this restriction.

As our best known sample of space we can take a volume with
the Sun at the center and a radius of 16 light-years. A compilation
of the 17 known stars, Including the Sun, within this volume is 
given in reference 1, pages 52 to 57. Eliminating according to
the above discussion, three are white dwarfs, eight binaries
account for 16 stars and two trinaries account for 6 more. The
remainder, 22 stars, can be considered as eligible for habitable
planets.

30

---