The image presented is a text document and does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

a. Mr.  General Delivery, Pullman, Wn., is 
employed as a laborer at the Dutchess Seed Company, Pullman, Wn. He has 
no pertinent hobbies. He is approximately 55 years old and apparently 
not well educated. He displayed excitement in describing the objects 
and appeared eager for any publicity he may obtain from his account of 
the objects. attention was drawn to the objects by  who saw the objects first.

b. Mr.  General Delivery, Pullman, Wn., is en-
ployed as a laborer at the Dutchess Seed Company. He admitted that his 
sight was impaired and that he did not have his glasses on at the time 
the objects were in view.  Incoherent and poorly educated, was 
unable to give any pertinent details regarding the objects.

c. Mr.  General Delivery, Pullman, Wn., is em-
ployed by the Union Pacific Railroad Co. at Pullman, Wn., as a laborer 
on the section crew. He is approximately 35 years old, apparently has 
a high school education, and appeared to be very observing. He was sin-
cere regarding the information he furnished. He was not able to deter-
mine the speed, altitude, or size of the object but furnished what he 
considered a rough estimate. When he did not know the answers to certain 
questions, he frankly admitted he did not know. 

d. Mr.  General Delivery, Pullman, Wn., is employed 
as a laborer on the section crew by the Union Pacific Railroad Company, 
Pullman, Wn. He is approximately 55 years old and has poor eyesight. He 
was the first to sight the objects. He was unable to determine their 
size or shape, but his attention was drawn to the objects by the blinking 
effect in the sky, and then he asked the others what it was.

AT SPOKANE, WASHINGTON

4. Major  Base Weather Officer, Spokane AFB, fur-
nished the following weather sequence from the files governing the Pull-
man, Wn., area on 13 July 1947; "Scattered clouds at 1800 feet; visi-
bility, 30 miles; temperature, 97°; and wind from the north at 6 miles 
per hour." VIGER further advised that it could have been clear over 
Pullman at 1400 hours as the clouds were very scattered.

5. 1st Lt.  Base Operations, Spokane AFB, was 
interviewed and advised that on 13 July 1947 one flight of four B-29's 
departed Spokane AFB at 1310 enroute to San Francisco, California, and 
they may have been sighted from Pullman, Washington.

CLOSED - 

UNCLASSIFIED
```

The blacked-out portions on the text represent redactions, likely to protect the privacy of the individuals mentioned in the report.