The image you provided is of a typewritten document and does not contain any photographs. Below is the text extracted from the document as requested:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

On Monday morning, 17 October 1949, at about 0720, Mr. [redacted] was in the Power-house where the Geiger counter is located. While looking out of the window he saw a small black object with visible projections, going in a southwesterly direction at a high rate of speed. The sky was clear except for clouds which were beginning to form at a level estimated at about 1,500 feet above the observatory, i.e., about 7,000 feet above sea level. The object was beneath the cloud cover. At first, he was very reluctant to state what he thought he had seen. He said that at first he thought it might have been a bird. After making his observation he turned to the Geiger counter and noted that it had just jumped off-scale. The pen of the recorder returned to normal in a matter of seconds.

Mr. [redacted] also reported that he had observed about a week later (possibly about 21 October 1949) a large object going in an easterly or southeasterly direction at a very high speed. It occurred at about 1430. Although he could see the object clearly, there were no projections whatever in the way of wings or tail surfaces. He observed it for about 3 seconds before it disappeared, No vapor trail was left by the object. He described it as being elongated, but slightly curved like a banana, No aberration of the Geiger counter was noted during this incident.

A STATEMENT BY MR. [redacted]

(Mr. [redacted] is the [redacted])

While the representatives of ONR, Pasadena, and the Naval Electronics Laboratory were proceeding to Mt. Palomar to investigate the flying saucer story, they stopped at the Cafe at the foot of the mountain, which is operated by Mr. [redacted]. Quite by coincidence Mr. [redacted] are told of a number of unusual observations made by him. Outside his cafe are two miniature observatories containing a 15 inch and 6 inch telescope. A number of different stories were told by Mr. [redacted], among which the following are pertinent.

He stated that recently he had seen, on Friday, 21 October, at about 1430, a cigar-shaped object, pointed at both ends without projections, and was apparently well stabilized. The altitude, 7-500, was estimated for the object. The object was dark in color and appeared to be '500 feet or better in length. After standing still for an appreciable length of time, it headed upwards at a terrific rate of speed, leaving no vapor trail. This observation was made with the naked eye. It should be noted that this observation appears to have been made about the same time that Mr. [redacted] of the Palomar Observatory sighted a similar object.

About two years ago Mr. [redacted] had observed an object through one of his telescopes. He stated that the object came in, was relatively still for a while, and then disappeared rapidly. The object appeared to be round and had around it a ring of some sort, such as the planet Saturn. When the object was first sighted the outside ring seemed to rotate, and upon the object getting away, the center part appeared to rotate in a direction opposite to that of the ring surrounding it.

UNCLASSIFIED
---

Note that some parts of the text have been redacted, which are indicated by [redacted].