There are no photographs present on this page; it is a text document.

Here is the text from the document:

```
GUIDE TO INVESTIGATIONAL PROCEDURES
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS
(Include location and date of original Incident No.___

1. Date of Observation 7 April 1949  Date of Interview  20 June 1949

2. Exact time of observation (local) 0415 CST

3. Place of Observation: Des Moines, Iowa
   (Map Coordinates)

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - give details):
   Observer was in 2d floor, south-west bedroom, frame house. Object was west
   south west of him and he observed it from the east.

5. What attracted attention to object: I was awakened by a piercing light
   shining through non-transparent blinds(green). It was lighter than day.

6. Number of object(s) and sketch of formation or grouping:
   (Use top of page attach attached)
   One object (see sketch attached)

7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb
   or fist at arms length): It was twice the size of a full moon.

8. Color of object: Raddish, yellow and purple, that is, the upper 4/5's.

9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object):
   It resembled the scoop that is used by grocery men in scooping sugar.

10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - 00 at horizon,
    90ยบ overhead): angle approximately 30 degrees and 350 feet.

11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from North.):
    When first seen? West south west. When last seen? North north west.

12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, bldg., etc., over
    which object appeared to be): Approximately 200 feet from observer

13. Direction of flight of object(s): North

14. Time in sight: 12 Minutes; went behind chimney of neighbor's house. I did
    not go down stairs to follow it,
    Velocity: (time to cover known angular distance):
    3 1/2 feet/second and took 12 minutes.

15. Sound and odor:
    There was no sound or odor

                                                       UNCLASSIFIED

_______
```