There are no photographs present in the image you've provided. It is a text document. Here is the transcription of the text in the document:

---

H. Appearance of objects:
(a) Color - Silver
(b) Shape - Disk like and flat
(c) Apparent construction - unknown
(d) Size - Approximately 50 feet in diameter.
I. Tactics or maneuvers - Objects were revolving in a tremendous speed in their own axis; however, traveling speed was slow.
Objects did loops, dives and definite gyrations.
J. Direction of Flight - Objects were first sighted in a one o'clock position, From the one o'clock position, objects moved to a 11 o'clock position, then to a 12 o'clock position, from where they disappeared.
K. Evidence of exhaust or odor - None.
L. Effect on clouds - There were no clouds visible.
M. Lights - Object appeared luminous entirely.
N. Support - No evidence of support could be noted.
O. Propulsion - Objects appeared to be spinning with a tremendous speed.
P. Control or Stability - None visible.
Q. Air ducts, etc. - None visible.
R. Speed MPH - The speed of objects could not be determined insofar as traversing speed was very slow. It took objects over an hour to move from one o'clock position to 11:00 o'clock position.
S. Sound - None.
T. Manner of Disappearance - Faded from view.
U. Direction of Rotation - One object rotated in a clockwise direction and the other in a counterclockwise direction.

5. Informants stated that objects did not vary in distance from each other and were always in same position relative to each other. Objects disappeared from sight when in a flat position in relation to observer's eyes.

6. A check of nearby weather stations by Special Agent ———— revealed no information pertinent to this investigation.

7. A neighborhood check at Delphi, Indiana, conducted 20 September 1949 resulted in no additional information regarding these objects.

8. A check at the Delphi, Indiana, Police Station on 20 September 1949 was negative. No flying objects had been reported on date in question.

9. RICHARD RAINDOLT, Editor, Delphi Journal, Delphi, Indiana, when interviewed on 20 September 1949, stated that no reports were made to the paper concerning flying objects.

10. ———— further indicated that he saw what appeared to be a spot light of a car trying to pick up the objects; however, the beam did not reach the objects. Also, search lights were observed at a distance of about five miles in a North-eastern and Northwestern direction of the observers. (NOTE: The search lights were seen in the same direction as the objects; however, search lights were observed only part of the time.)

DO #12
3 UNCLASSIFIED

---

This document appears to be from Project Blue Book, a series of systematic studies of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force.