The image provided is a scanned document page, there are no photographs on it. Here is the text from the document:

DETAILS:

1. This investigation was requested by Col. D. ------, Deputy Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Headquarters Fifteenth Air Force, Colorado Springs, Colorado. Who at approximately 1030 hours, 10 June 1949 verbally advised the io-doc-ument Commander, Investigative attachment, 15th AAF District (IC) that he had received a report that five unidentified objects had been sighted by an employee of C.F & I.C. Works, Pueblo in the vicinity of ----sburg, Colorado during the afternoon of 9 June 1949.

AT TIOGA, COLORADO

2. At approximately 1830 hours, MST, 1 June 1949 the writer contacts Mr and Mrs C. C. ------, Tioga, Colorado in their home (located on Colorado State Highway 99) approximately ten miles west of Coir. and 8 miles east of Gardner, Colorad. Mr. ------ related that a darn strange thing happened this afternoon, I seen five shining silver thin discs high up in the sky. They had told flying in a northeast direction at a terrific rate of speed and I never seen any aerial object that resembled the ones he saw was ornage. What concerned about them. It was then telephone, calls advised the authorities at Lowrv ir Force Base, Denver, Colorado of the situation.

3. On 10 June 1949 at approximately 2000 hours, MST, Mr sighted the pre-farm hand, was interviewed aging at farm. and the objects had airplanes heading in a south on 5 June 1949 he had been working in Six miles to the east the Greeley Highway. When asked if he had noticed anything about the clouds or the sun, he stated that “some times the clouds, in a formation of five echolon with two objects flying parallel to each other in front. The remaining three objects were to the left and rear of the two front objects and were formed in a triangular formation. The flight was at cloud level and flew in and out of the clouds. He noticed that the rear of the cloud back and forth in the rear of the front the echelon. He watched them for approximately fifteen seconds when they flew out of his sight in the clouds. ------ estimated that at the time of sighting they were at about sixty to seventy degree angle from the horizon from him and was to the west of him. He estimated their altitude to be 20,000 feet stating that he figured this altitude when they flew over Greenhorn Feak which is about 13,000 feet in the altitude. (Greenhorn Peak is located almost due north of the place of sighting and is 12354 feet in altitude) The objects were estimated to be about two feet in diameter and appeared to be perfectly round in shape. They were brown in color. Mr ------ stated that they were about the size he would think an A-6 aircraft would be. The direction of flight was from the southwest to the northeast. Due to the altitude, Mr ------ was unable to determine their means of propulsion or support. There was no evidence of any lights or exhaust. Also, the observer could not tell anything about the construction of 

-2- UNCLASSIFIED