There is not a photograph in this document. The document contains typed text and handwritten notes. Here is the output of the text contained in the document as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
AGENT REPORT

1. NAME OF SUBJECT OR TITLE OF INCIDENT 2. DATE SUBMITTED 3. CONTROL SYMBOL OR FILE NO.
UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT 1949 MAY.12 AFOIN-4-5.29

4. REPORT OF FINDINGS

(1) Cont.

that the object was pointed out to 's son arrived at 21:70 PM that
h observed it for less than ten minutes befors leaving. He advised that a
number of other persons sitting near him in the staium observed the object
but that he does not know the identity of any of these as he was'a stranger
about. Mr. informed that he is still mystified by the above object and
is quite positive that, like it before. (2-3)

(2) On 20 May 1949, Mr. informant's
son nieces, Thurbia , , the subject was pointed out to him by his
brother-in-law, Mr. was popular industrialist, 2015 on the night of 7
April 1949. A few minutes at this move mihe e in the Stadium
He strongly on the north side of the stadium and he described the object
as a white balanced disk r centrally the mentioned as described by
Mr. , the object of that had estimated it to be but he 35 three times thin
one thousand (1,000) feet or possibly a lot less high that the Liberty Life Building
in Charlotte, N.C., fall in twenty (20) seconds light, this observation
being just what it ability is dnring said that it was very it with intensity, of
the object was straight toward him (Mr. ) vel in seemed to have no difficulty
after they had walked several blocks away from the stadium and to locate the station.
Liberty Life Building it north 3,000 feet in the sky but weighty to 250
after disappeared for have the object and while they were on the stadium field
Novelties Company. (2-3) certain that they obs a the object as before mentioned
explain what it was. he had no idea is to any all of the pictures available time during the release
of the above mentioned gas, observing it. (2-3)

(3) On 20 May 1949, Mr. Robert Charlotte Observer,
Charlotte, N.C., stated that his wrote the article who compared it to the 203
newspaper on 3 April 1949, regarding the unidentified observed from
the Football Stadium on the night of 7 April 1949. to advise that ,, his newspapers
office around 2105 hours of these nights. 7 April 1949 case gave him information
which was published in the above article, Mr. he told him that he was attending the Southeastern Championship Co. at the time the unidentified
object was observed and left the Radio in order to report the above information.
the stadium and It was then observed the sky in the direction of the
Colonial Stadium from his second floor the Observer Building but noticed
that after sight disappeared of approaching the above it had appeared
Charlotte, Northboun course it reports regarding, with a southwest 

WDI 44-2914-341
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

6. TYPED NAME AND ORGANIZATION OF SPECIAL AGT. 5. SIGNATURE OF SPECIAL AGENT

UNC L A S S I F I E D
```
Please note, due to the quality of the scan and the nature of handwriting, there might be missed or incorrectly transcribed words. The handwritten notations also add difficulty to the transcription, as they sometimes overlap with and obscure the typed text.