The image provided does not contain a photograph; it is a page from a document. I will now act as an OCR and reproduce the text from the document:

---
address but agent was advised that he has been out of the country on vacation
for the past several months.

5. Through the cooperation of ---------- residents, when
Hermosa Beach, California, it was determined that ---------- resided
in the Los Angeles area, at the HOLLYWOOD-KNICKERBOCKER HOTEL, 1714 Ivar
Avenue, Hollywood, California. Several attempts were made to communicate
with ---------- there but he was always out and he never responded to a note
left at the hotel desk.

6. On one of these occasions DOUGLAS HATHISON, assistant manager,
HOLLYWOOD-KNICKERBOCKER HOTEL, showed a letter postmarked Lamarado,
Wyoming, 17 February 1950, in which ---------- stated that he was "still marooned
in Yap" and that he would "see you soon." The letter was written on the
stationary and with Camp, WY, Equitable buildings, Dairyer, Colorado. A
subsequent interview with MR---------- disclosed that ---------- apparently
received agent's note but to date he has not communicated with this office.

7. Because of should be obvious lack of cooperation it is felt that
no further efforts should be made to attempt to have him questioned in this
this office. It might be mentioned here that during the preliminary efforts
of this Office to lo. it was  ed by interviews
radio news commentator, SID HAYS, on a morning program, announced in effect
that a party at a Hollywood country club had stated that he had information
on flying discs and that the discussion took place over a round of drinks at
the "nineteenth hole" of the local golf course and that the "story got better
with each drink." This news broadcast obviously was meant to ridicule the
course of the story and may account for ---------- failure to call OSI as
per numerous messages requesting him to do so.

                                   CLOSED

                                   UNCLASSIFIED
                                   
--- 

(Note: In this reproduction, redacted or illegible text entries are represented by "----------" and cannot be read or inferred from the image provided.)