The image provided is a text document and does not contain any photographs. Here is the full transcribed text from the document:

---

BASIC: Int lg, 56th Ftr Wg, Selfridge AFB, Michigan, Subj: Report
of Information on "Flying Discs", file INT 333 dtd

(d) Color: A very bright silvery metalic color.

(e) Speed: Unknown

(f) Heading: W-NW turning around and heading E-SE.

(g) Maneuverability: See general remarks.

(h) Altitude: 5 to 10 thousand feet.

(i) Sound: None

(j) Exhaust trail or not: None

(7) General remarks: --------- stated that while traveling along,
approximately three (3) miles northeast on highway #31 going north out
of Holland, Michigan on the 2 October 1949, he sighted a very bright
and shiny object shaped like a dinner plate. Going east the object
approached beneath a transparent cloud, the object did a flip, and
went up into the cloud.  ------ expected the object to come out of the
other side of the cloud, but instead it came out at the point of entry,
and traveled back along its original route and then disappeared into
the east. -------- claims that the object was in his sight for approx-
imately 30 to 60 seconds. It is to be noted that at the time of sight-
ing ------- was traveling along a heavy traveled highway, and approach-
ing a turn. -------- states that while approaching the turn in the high-
way he noticed a barn just right of the turn. The object sighted was
just about the height of a yard stick above the barn in his line of
sight. -------- stated that he judged the cloud formations on the 2
of October 1949 to be from 5 to 10 thousand feet.

It is the belief of the undersigned that there is considerable
margin for error in this report, in view of the fact that the indivi-
dual making the report was traveling down a well traversed highway,
and also approaching a turn. The time element involved in viewing this
object was probably not as great as is indicated due to circumstan-
ces at the time of sighting. Also the official CAA weather report indi-
cates that the cloud formations on this day in question in this loca-
lity were supposed to be at an altitude of 25,000 feet.

Background of the individual is as follows: Spent 52 months in
the USAAF from early 1941 to late 1945. He spent 31 months in England,
France and Germany, with a B-26 Unit, the 596th Air Engineer Squadron
of the 344th Bomb Group.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10 7 V EV R S

UNCL------ 

---

(Note: Redaction marks indicated by "-------" seem to obscure certain information such as names or other identifying details. Sections that are unclear or unreadable are represented with a blank.)