The image provided is a scanned document page with no photographs present, only text. Here is the text as it appears on the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

ball lightning. The writer has no suggestions on this essen-
tially meteorological subject.

2. The objects may be some kind of animal.

Even in the celebrated case of incident 172 where
the light was chased by a P51 for half an hour and which was
reported by the pilot to be intelligently directed, we can
make this remark. For considering that an intelligence 
capable of making so remarkable device would not be likely
to play around in so idle a manner as described by the pilot.

In this connection, it would be well to examine if 
some of the lights observed at night were not fire-flies.

3. The observed objects may be hallucinatory or psy-
chological in origin. It is of prime importance to study this
possibility because we can learn from it something of the 
character of the population: its responses under attack; and 
also something about the reliability of visual observation.

One would like to assume that the positions held 
by many of the reported observers guarantee their observations.
Unfortunately, we are too many reports of coulpe phenomena by 
pilots during the war -- the incident of the fire-ball fighters 
comes to mind. Further, mariners have been reporting sea-
serpents for hundreds of years yet no one has yet produced a 
photograph.

It would be interesting to tabulate the responses
to see how reliable were the reports on the Japanese balloons
during the war. There we had a phenomenon proven to be real.

It is interesting that the reports swiftly reach a 
maximum frequency during the end of June 1947 and then slowly
taper off. We can assume that this is actually an indication 
of how many objects were actually about, or, quite differently,
we can take this frequency curve as indicating something about
mass psychology.

This point can be tested. Suppose the population
is momentarily excited; how does the frequency of reports 
vary with time? A study of crank letters received after the 
recent publicity given to the satellite program should give 
the required frequency distribution.

It is probably necessary but certainly not suffi-
cient that the unidentified-object curve and the crank-letter
curve should be similar in order for the flying disks to be
classed as hallucinations.

UNCLASSIFIED

24 S-11750

---