The image does not contain a photograph; it is a text document.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce an output of all the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Shortly after this the objects gradually kept getting 
farther away until they disappeared from view over the horizon. 
Approximately 30 minutes later they re-appeared, thi: time to the 
left of the place in the sky where they had first been seen. 

They flew in orbits in ths t area until, I would say,
about 1 A.M. Daylight Saving Time; then disappeared for a few
minutes and took up their paths in the original place in the
heavens, where we first noticed them. 

We watched them as we cast for bass in the stone quarry
until 3 A.M. Daylight Saving Time, at which time they faded from
sight and we saw them no more. Through the entire time we viewed
the objects they were continually flying. 

I might state that neither I nor my companion are in 
the least imaginative or neurotic. We had not partaken of any 
stimulants or narcotics whatsoever and so were able to view these
objects in the full possession of our faculties. 

This we will attest. They were real, tangible objects, 
presumably of metal, aluminum or magnesium, as I have stated before,
as we could plainly see in the combined spots of our flashlights, 
and the searchlights which were trained on the objects confirmed
this. 

We had at first advanced the theory that they might be
northern lights. We discarded this theory since northern lights
do not move in regular orbits in a regular direction.

Then we speculated as to their being searchlights tried
out. I walked out in an open field and looked, but could see no
ray of light which with shine up from the ground as a luminous
band when a search-light or beacon is trained heavenward. 

They could not be landing field beacons. The nearest
landing field is at Logansport, a considerable distance from Delphi. 

The thought that they might be large bats or birds, whose
wings reflected rays of the city lights of Delphi as they flew, en-
tered our minds. I went to the edge of the road, and placed myself
between the nearest street light and the objects and they still
showed the same glow as they spun around in their orbits. 

We took the same precautions as there has been a lot of
joking talk and news stories appearing about "flying saucers"
being various planes which shine brilliantly, due to favorable
atmospheric conditions, or their proximity to the earth. Planets,
while they move, their movement is only noticeable on the direction
finder of a large telescope, and can not be detected by the naked eye
alone.

UNCLASSIFIED
```