The image is a scanned page from a document, and there is no photograph contained within this page. It is a textual report from Project Blue Book.

Here is the transcription of the text in the document:

```
[UNCLASSIFIED]
Intelligence Interrogation (Contd)

If it had been an airplane, there would have been a rumble of contacting air behind it, but there was no noise. It was exceptionally large and if it had been lower, we might have been able to see any exhausts on it or some indication of a motor. Any object flying through the air like that is bound to make some noise. If we couldn't hear it, it must have been high.

7. Q: How long would you estimate it took to pass over you and out of sight?
A: 10 seconds but could have been a lot less than that. I think if I said about 5 seconds, it would be more accurate. I spotted it first and called [REDACTED]'s attention to it.
   I said about 30 seconds. It could have been a little longer but not 10 seconds.

8. Q: What was the appearance of object, color, shape, and construction and size?
A: To me it appeared to have a dull finish it wasn't white, an unpainted surface, like buffed metal you might say. (See inclosed sketch)
   It was dark, and I could see it against the sky. Had a dull reflection. It came over from Sacramento and went into the moonlight.

(See inclosed sketch)
Q: Do you both agree it was very large?
A: I compared it to a B-36 - large aircraft.
   I would compare it to the relative size of a C-54. It was definitely big.

9. Q: What was the direction of flight?
A: - I would say about 210°.
   - We agreed to within 10° as to the direction of flight.
     About 220° to 230°. We agred to about 230°.

10. Q: Did you observe any tactics or manuevers?
A: Just straight, level flight.

11. Q: Was there evidence of any exhaust?
A: Never saw any evidence of exhaust. There was no sound. There was another aircraft in the vicinity that may have cut out noises if there were any. However, don't believe another aircraft would have covered any noises but think we would have heard noises had there been any.

Page 2 of 3 Pages          DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
                            DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS,
                            DOD DIR 5200.10

[UNCLASSIFIED]
```