The image provided appears to be a text document and does not contain any photographs. Below is the text extracted from the document:

---
14. Time in sight:
Approximately one minute

15. Speed:
Observer estimated speed of object at about 600 miles per hour. Approxi-
mately one minute was required for object to cover an angular dis-
tance of 15°. Line of flight was away from observer at an approx-
imate angle of 45°.

16. Sound and odor:
No sound or odor were noticed.

17. Trail:
No trail was seen.

18. Luminosity:
Object appeared to be visible by reflection. Observer stated that
object looked like a "huge, round, mirror,". No reflected rays of
sunlight were noticed.

19. Projections:
No projections were noticed.

20. Maneuvers:
Object maintained a straight and level line of flight during observation.

21. Manner of disappearance:
Object disappeared behind a row of trees located at a magnetic bearing
of approximately 100° from observer.

22. Effect on clouds:
No clouds were observed in the vicinity of object.

23. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting:
Weather was clear and visibility good at time of sighting. The sun
was shining and light was excellent.

24. Additional information:
During observation, witness said he pointed out object to several
other persons who had gotten out of cars in the line of traffic
behind his vehicle. Identity of these persons was unknown to ob-
server. No other reports of the sighting have been received.

Observer's name is [REDACTED]. His address is [REDACTED]
Fort Smith, Arkansas. He is 52 years of age and is employed as a
special delivery messenger by the US Post Office at Fort Smith. He
lives on an acreage on the outskirts of Fort Smith and devotes his
spare time to farming and gardening.

[REDACTED] has an excellent reputation in the community. His immediate
superior at the local Post Office as well as other acquaintance re-
gard him highly. One neighbor, in commenting on his integrity,
stated "He never says anything's so, unless it is."

UNCLASSIFIED
--- 

The redactions in the document are represented by [REDACTED], as the actual text is blacked out.