The image does not contain any photographs. It is a textual document.

---

5D 2J-21V
PROJECT "GRUDGE"

DETAILS:

1. This investigation is predicated upon a telephone conversation between Mr. G. T. TOWLES, Technical Intelligence Division, Headquarters, Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio and Mr. JOHN E. MORRILL of 5th District, Office of Special Investigations, regarding the claim of Mr. RALPH K. GASS, to the effect that he had seen four strange objects, one of which landed on an island extending 1 1/2 miles from the shoreline near Point Place and the Naval Armory on U. S. Route 25, between Monroe, Michigan and Toledo, Ohio.

2. On 23 June 1949, Mr. RALPH K. GASS, 812 North Erie Street, Toledo, Ohio was interviewed regarding strange objects he claims to have seen while en route from Monroe, Michigan to Toledo, Ohio and which he reported to the Research and Development Section, Department of the Navy on 23 June 1949. Mr. GASS stated in substance regarding the above mentioned incident with quotations as follows:

    a. After attending a gathering of his old shipmates at Monroe, Michigan he was returning to his home in Toledo, Ohio on U. S. Route 25 when he happened to look to the rear of his car and noticed an "object" in the air coming from a north-northeasternly direction. This object startled him and he looked again and then stopped his car, after which he observed three other similar objects. This occurred at 0432 hours on 23 June 1949. After stopping his car, he took his binoculars from the glove compartment and tried to the best of his ability to observe every detail of the "craft". Shortly after 0432 hours one of said "craft" landed on an unoccupied island which extends 1 1/2 miles from the shoreline into Lake Erie, between Point Place and the Naval Armory on U. S. Route 25.

    b. According to his observation, the "craft" had a "long extension landing gear built like a tripod, but with two units forward of the main spar and one aft. The craft that landed did not have wheels but hoof-shaped gear in place of wheels, with one hoof on each hydraulic landing gear. Each unit when extended seemed to be approximately eight feet long and while on the ground the craft set approximately five feet above the ground."

    c. "After the one craft landed a hatch opened from the port side of the craft and two men were observed to get out of the craft, one seeming to be a military officer since he wore shoulder-boards" on his uniform; the uniforms of the men appeared to be of a "Blue-grey color, one man wearing an officer's cap and the other an overseas cap; the two men "observed or military type" boots. Upon alighting from the craft, the man, Russian by Mr. Gass's belief in as officer, held a long stick which the second man filled with two handfuls of soil," after which both men re-entered the craft and closed the hatch, which appeared to be "hydraulically operated". After the hatch was closed the craft remained still for 30 seconds and then took off. The craft was on the ground for a "total of 4 1/2 or 5 minutes." Mr. GASS said that