The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. Here is the reproduced text from the image:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

A large-scale experiment was made at the time of
Orson Welles' "Martian" broadcast. Some records of this must
persist in newspaper files.

Classification II -- Man-made terrestrial phenomena

1. The objects may be Russian aircraft. If this were
so, then the considerations of Sections A and B indicate that
we would have plenty to worry about. It is the author's opinion
that only an accidental discovery of a degree of novelty
never before achieved could suffice to explain such devices.
It is doubtful whether a potential enemy would arouse our
curiosity in so idle a fashion.

Classification III -- Extra terrestrial objects

1. Meteors: It is noteworthy that the British physicist
Lovell writing in "Physics Today" mentions the radar discovery
of a new daytime meteorite stream which reached its maximum
during June 1947. The reported objects lose little of their
interest, however, if they are of meteoritic origin.

2. Animals: Although the objects as described act more
like animals than anything else, there are few reliable reports
on extra-terrestrial animals.

3. Space Ships: The following considerations pertain:

a. If there is an extra terrestrial civilization
which can make such objects as are reported then it is most
probable that its development is far in advance of ours. This
argument can be supported on probability arguments alone without
recourse to astronomical hypotheses.

b. Such a civilization might observe that on Earth
we now have atomic bombs and are fast developing rockets. In
view of the past history of mankind, they should be alarmed.
We should, therefore, expect at this time above all to behold
such visitations.

Since the acts of mankind most easily observed from a
distance are A-bomb explosions we should expect some relation
to obtain between the time of A-bomb explosions, the time at
which the space ships are seen, and the time required for such
ships to arrive from and return to home-base.

PART III -- RECOMMENDATIONS

1. The file should be continued.

2. A meteorologist should compute the approximate energy

UNCLASSIFIED
S-11750
25
```

Please note that since this is a historical document, the content and views expressed within it are reflective of the time at which it was created and do not represent current scientific consensus or understanding about extraterrestrial life or unidentified flying objects (UFOs).