The image provided contains no photographs. It is a scan of a text document from Project Blue Book, a series of systematic studies of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force. Below is a reproduction of the text from the document as requested:

---

Page 2 Incident _380____

Name and address of observer:
Mr. & Mrs. [REDACTED]
[REDACTED], Oak Ridge, Tenn.

Occupation and hobbies:
Mr. [REDACTED]
Biologist
School Teacher

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

Considered reliable

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:
AT OAK RIDGE TENNESSEE; At 1900 hours, 20 June 1949, Mr. and Mrs. [REDACTED]
of [REDACTED], Oakridge, Tennessee, stated that at approximately
1200 hours, 19 June 1949, they sighted three unidentified objects flying
from the southeast, over Oak Ridge, Tennessee. Mrs. [REDACTED] first sighted
the objects and called Mr. [REDACTED]’s attention to them. They watched the
objects until they came into closer view. They described two of the objects
as being rectangular in shape, and identical. The third object was described
as cylindrical in shape, and flying either in between or slightly above the two
rectangular objects. The two rectangular objects appeared to be flat and
flexible. The third object was flat but did not have a flexible appearance.
The rectangular objects in traveling, followed a wave-like course, and
appeared to be dark in color underneath, and of bright metal finish on top.
The movements were coordinated, and the ir reflection in traveling was
light and darke. The rectangular objects seemed to have an area of from four
to ten square feet. The circular object was described as being the color of
frosted glass. This third object did not follow the wave-like movement of
the rectangular objects, but maintained a level flight. There was no noise
indicative how these objects were being propelled. They remained in view
from 10 to 15 minutes after being sighted, and when last seen were traveling
in a northwest direction. During this time the objects did not appear to
either gain or lose altitude. The weather was clear with the exception of
high scattered cumulus clouds, and the wind which was from an easterly direc-
tion was very slight.

At 2000 hours, 20 June 1949, Mrs. 
Oak Ridge, Tennessee, stated that Mr. [REDACTED] called
her attention to the three flying objects sighted by her neighbor, approxi-
mately 1200 hours, 19 June 1949, and that she watched them for approximately
10 minutes. Mrs. [REDACTED]’s description and details regarding the objects were
the same as Mr. and Mrs. [REDACTED]

---