The image does not contain a photograph. Here is the text output from the document:

miles per hour, but stated that it exceeded the speed of any jet aircraft he has observed. (This comparison is made to the 650 mile speed of an F-86 type jet aircraft.) The object disappeared from ARCIHOLD's vision as the result of its entering shadows cast on the ground by clouds.

7. WILLIAM S. ARCHBOLD, 1st Lt., 160204, is currently assigned as Adjutant, 82d Air Base Group, Grenier Air Force Base, N.H. ARCHBOLD has been a rated pilot in USAF for over five years and has approximately 1600 hours flying time. Although ARCHIBOLD was recently assigned to this base from the Alaskan Air Command, he is regarded by his fellow workers, and the writer, as being matured, stable, discriminating, intelligent and reliable. Lt. ARCHBOLD had been airborne approximately 55 minutes at the time of the sighting, when his attention was attracted to the missile by the licht that came from thin tail. He stated that he was not fatigued, had rested well the night before, and had done no drinking with in a 36 hour period prior to the sighting.

8. Captain DEANE C. TASKER, AO-796972, the other pilot on the C-47 which ARCHBOLD was flying, did not observe the object because at the time he was engaged in the adjustment of radio controls, and his attention was directed to lower rear section of the pilot's compartment. The flight engineer/T/Sgt THOMAS J. BESTLE, AF-18001139, was in the rear of the aircraft at that time and did not observe the object.

9. The search and early warning radar set of the 64/7th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron, was out of commission for repairs during the morning hours 20 September 1949. No radar data is available on unidentified aircraft in Hooksett area on that date.

10. Extensive inquiry has been made among the residents in the area where the object was last observed in an effort to locate other witnesses. To date none have been found, nor has the point of contact, if any, of the object with the earth, been located.

11. Interviews were conducted with representatives of the following airports and flying services in the vicinity of Manchester, New Hampshire: W. S. Martin Flying Service, Concord, New Hampshire; Airport Manager, Concord Municipal Airport, Concord, New Hampshire; Zygdis Flying Service, Suncook, New Hampshire; None of these interviewees had seen or received reports of unconventional aircraft in Concord, Hooksett, Manchester area.

UNCLASSIFIED

-3-