The image contains a small sketch or drawing, not a photograph.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

10. Review of log maintained by Operators of the Communication Station
(CAI), Roanoke, Virginia, (known to pilots as Roanoke Radio for Roanoke Tonic
Stations) reveal an entry in log in answer to a request for maintenance to
telephone and teletype lines to correct interference. The entry is as follows:

"1112 AMT calls and reports that trouble on teletype lines are
caused by earth currents (more -less) and we my expect
this condition to last for some time."

Time of entry was 1112 AM 12 May 1949.
ATT is American Telephone and Telegraph Company.

A second entry in log was noted. Entry was a report made by the pilot of air-
craft number HGTT reported from altitude Penn. to Washington, D.C. "Fly-
ing at 8000 feet over Route was made at 0906 "EST" over Roanoke, Virginia was the
report was that the pilot have sighted a comet or shooting star when he was
about five minutes out of Pulaski. Comet was at approximately 10,000 feet.
Time of entry was 0906 EST, 12 May 1949.

11. Miscellaneous information, rumors and reports are as follows:

Control Tower at Woodrum Field, Roanoke, Virginia received a call
from Pulitzer Radio, Pulaski, Vrginia, the title of 12 May 1949, in regard to
two (2) calls Pulaski Radio had received two sight report at a plans was Circ-
and was flying in a northeasterly direction approximately 10,000 feet.
Pulaski Radio advised Woodrum Tower of a call from the pilot of aircraft num-
ber NG 5716, over Pulaski, Virginia, inquiring if Pulaski Radio Operators had
sighted a comet at 10,000 feet. "Woodrum Field Control Tower also received
telephone calls in ragged to unknown lights in the sky. One call reported an
orange colored ball of fire, first sighted overhead, fall in a northeasterly,
direction, disappearing behind the mountains. No names were listed for any
of these calls. The only known object released in the area was a weather bal-
loon for winds aloft reports. No trajectory record for this balloon was re-
quested. The OBJECT had no known contact with the earth and no photographs
are known to exist. No maneuvers of, or projections on, the OBJECT were re-
ported.

12. The following; sketches are the writers duplication of those drawn of
OBJECT by informants:

Direction of travel

LIKE A CARROT

Bright
white
Glow

Reddish
Yellow
Glow

UNCLASSIFIED

-7-
---