There are no photographs present in this image. Here is the text output as requested:

UNCLASSIFIED

AF FORM 112—PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Agency)                  REPORT NO.
intelligence division          6 4 4 2 
lewis air command              IR-1-50
                               PAGE _____ OF _____ PAGES

a. Two (2) separate sightings were made by 3-5th crew of a 317th Recon-
naissance squadron (M) acft on or about 24 MAY 1950, which indicated the possible
presence of an alien aircaft.

a. The first sighting was made at 1550 Local time. at 6000 feet whil
the acft was on a magnetic heading of 170 degrees. The acft made a 180 degree
turn. The object showed a full yellow circle with blue travelling in an in-
finitive (sic) 500 MPH plus. Passing over the a/c at about 1000 feet altitude.

b. The second sighting was made at approximately 2000 Local time
at an altitude of 5000 feet. The a/c was on a southerly course when the object
passed over about 1000 feet above, blinding it. It shortly disappeared at a high
rate of speed.

c. The intensity of the light at both sightings appeared about the
same and was readily distinguishable from a pilot balloon.

d. No other acft both military or civil of Alaskan are could ac-
count for the sightings. Visibility unlimited.

e. The only reported arctic condition was a low-stratus airline
front think. of around 200 MSL was present in quadrant.

5. COMMENTS OF REPORTING OFFICER:

It can be seen from the description, location, direction and altitude as well as from
the rate of conventional acft known [the rest of this sentence is illegible in the original document]

[The next sentence(s) are missing due to the illegibility in the original document]

unless nearly above.

b. It is impossible to as [the rest of this statement is illegible in the original document]

[The document text fades and is not legible towards the bottom of the page.]

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

[The fine print at the bottom of the page is a standard disclaimer regarding the sensitivity of the information contained in the document, indicating that the unauthorized disclosure of the content is subject to legal penalties, and that the document should not be reproduced in part or in full without permission from the U.S. Air Force or other United States Air Force agencies.]

57-843 (10-47) U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE

Please note that due to the quality of the image, some parts were not clearly legible and have been described as such.