The image provided displays a photocopy of a document that does not contain any photographs.

The text in the document reads as follows:

---

Des Moines, Iowa 
May 14, 1949

Technical Intelligence Division,
Air Materiel Command Headquarters,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.
Dayton, Ohio.

Gentlemen:

About 4:15 a.m. Thursday, April 7th, I was awakened by the brightest light I have ever seen.

It was not a ball or fire racing through the sky. It was moving so slow it appeared to be standing still. The only way that I could tell it was moving was to note the space between it and the roof of my neighbor's house, 251 west of me. It passed west of that roof, going north.

The was a straight line on the back of the thing. It was divided into two compartments. The upper apartment was three times as large as the lower apartment. They were separated by a straight line. The lower apartment was divided into seven different apartments, all the same size, all a different color, and all had straight sides. The whole thing was inclosed in something like glass. I did not see any opening nor did I hear any noise.

The upper apartment was a raging fire. The fire seemed to start at the point where I started the arrow, race up to the ceiling, then turn around and around. When the fire hit the ceiling it always turned towá the back and then down.

The moment I saw it I was satisfied it was man made. It was the most heinous looking thing I had ever seen. I don't think it was mo-e than 200 feet from me. Please find enclosed a rough sketch of the thing. This thing did not reassemble [resemble] the "saucers." (I saw three saucers last October, about 2:30 P.M. The day was perfect. They were not on the sun visage east of overhead, the sun going south west. The sun was shining on them. They were very north, not very fast.

At first glance they seemed to be bobing along, but I noticed they seemed to have rhythm. Then I could see that they were fastened together, by a stout colored iris, about two "aga petals. The iris was travelling at a vary, vary speed. This speed, plus angulation & axis, at a terrific linear angle had a rotating, polition or arc, brought on the axis, seemed to hold it up and move it forward. I saw exam to boys through saucers just like an auger. I saw no tail, no wings no light.

The thing that I saw, April 7. moved straight, steady and trop. ov. -- as had as a kite but -- sorab- thing like iron. ................. had vary ...............

b. L. Ahern
2300 Rutland Ave
------SIGNED------

---

Please note that the text has been transcribed exactly as it appears, including any spelling, grammatical, or formatting inconsistencies present in the original document.