The image provided is a black and white page from a document with no photographs, just text. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Assuming the above volume to be typical, the contents of any
other reasonable volume can be found by varying the number of stars 
proportionately with the volume, or with the radius cubed, Se = 22 x
( r )^3, where Se is number of eligible stars and r is the radius
of the volume in light years. (This formula should only be used for 
radii greater than 16 light years. For smaller samples we call for 
a recount. For example, only one known eligible star other than the
Sun lies within eight light years).

Having an estimate of the number of useable stars, it is now
necessary to make a guess as to the number of habitable planets. We 
have only one "observed sample, the Solar System, and the guess must
be made with low confidence, since Intelligent life may not be randomly
distributed at all.

The Sun has nine planets, arranged in a fairly regular progression
of orbits (see reference I, Appendix I) that lends credence to 
theories that many stars have planets. Of the nine planets, (one, the
Earth) is completely suitable for life. Two more (in adjacent orbits)
are near misses: Mars has extremely rigorous living conditions and
Venus has an unsuitable atmosphere. Viewed very broadly indeed, this
could mean that each star would have a series of planets so spaced 
that one, or possibly two, would have correct temperatures, correct
moisture content and a possible to support civilized life. Let us
assume that there is, on the average, one habitable planet per eligible 
star.

There is no line of reasoning or evidence which can indicate
whether life will actually develop on a planet with the conditions
are suitable. Her again, the Earth my be unique rather than a random
sample, This writer can only inject some personal intuition into the
discussion with the view that life is not unique on Earth, or even
the random result or a low probability, but is practically inevitable
in the right conditions. This is to say, the number of inhabited
planets is equal to the that are suitable.

One more item needs to be considered. Knowing nothing at all
about other races, we must assume that Man is average as to technical
advancement, environmental difficulties, etc. That is, one half of the 
other planets are behind us and have no space travel and the other
half are ahead and have various levels of space travel. We can thus
imagine that in our sample volume there are 11 races of beings who have
begun space explorations. The formula on page 3 above now becomes

R = 11 x ( r )^3
----------
P > 16 light years.

where R is the number of races exploring space in a spherical volume
of radius P > 16 light years.

Arguments like those applied to Martians on page 2 need not apply
to races from other star systems. Instead of being a first port of
call, Earth would possibly be reached only after many centuries of de-
velopment and exploration with space ships, so that a visiting race
would be expected to be far in advance of Man.

UNCLASSIFIED

31 S-11750
```

Please note that the text refers to the state of astronomical knowledge and speculation during the time period the report was made. The number of known planets in our solar system has changed since then due to reclassification of Pluto as a dwarf planet.