The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scanned document with text.

Here is the text from the document:

```
TCl: 452
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects                                  1 August 1949

Captain ████████ the pilot of a Northwest Airline
reported that while approaching Portland from the
east he noticed what appeared to be an aircraft displaying
two red lights and one white light. Since this was nonstand-
ard lighting Captain ███████ watched the object very closely.
His sighting of this object was at 2110P at an altitude of
six (6) thousand feet and he was approximately five (5) miles
west of Stevenson, Washington. He reported that the object
was behind him and slightly to the left and maintained that
same position until Troutdale. When over Troutdale Cap.
████████ heard Portland Tower giving instructions to other air-
craft to hold over the airport because of an unidentified 
flying object dropping flares. Upon hearing this information
Captain ███████ turned one hundred and eighty (180) degrees
and attempted to intercept the flying object displaying the
two red lights and one white light that had been following
him. He reported that this object then turned to the south-
east and appeared to pull away from him quite easily. Captain
████████ reported that his indicated airspeed was two hundred
and ten (210) miles per hour while he was trying to intercept
the object.

Mr. ████████ reported that he saw the object
while in the traffic pattern in Troutdale, Oregon. He was
flying at an altitude of one (1) thousand three (3) hundred
feet indicated and reported that the object appeared to be
five (5) hundred to eight (8) hundred feet above him and at
an estimated distance of twenty (20) miles to the east.

The only Air Force aircraft in the vicinity at 
the time was a B-29, AF 7758, who was over Portland at 2130P
at an altitude of seven (7) thousand five (5) hundred feet,
northbound. The pilot was questioned and stated that he did
not drop any flares and did not circle over Portland and did
not see anything unusual.

                            Earl J. Rouse
                            Lt. Col., USAF
                            Commanding

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

Please note that parts of the text have been redacted, indicated by black rectangles with white inside, effectively censoring the classified information such as the name of the Captain.