The image you have provided does not contain any photographs; it is a textual document. Below is the text from the document:

---

STATEMENT UNCLASSIFIED. Davis-Monthan AFB,
Tucson, Ariz.
23 May 1952

On 16 May 1952, at approximately 1130 hours, I was at my barrack, room #1531, Davis-Monthan AFB, Tucson, Arizona. I looked up in a northwardly direction and one of the fellow airmen in my room drew my attention to an object, which, at that time did not catch my immediate attention. The object was about the size or a bit smaller, than an aircraft and about three to four times as slender. The object then suddenly dart up vertically at a high speed to the traveling overcast... and to the east, southeast suddenly in the direct path of the object. Going into a very cloudy overcast, I could see bits of blue sky which just suggested behind the object and was between the overcast and the ceiling. On two occasions, that it came down across the white surface of the overcast. This object was traveling at a speed which I estimate to be about 700 to 1,000 m.p.h.

I focused on the object for approximate eight to ten seconds as it came into a peripheral area on which behind an aircraft mount which would be about three o'clock directly north of my barracks. This in mind, is during the entire...

The object did not appear to have the general characteristics during the period of sighting and is supposed to be fluttering as it disappeared from my view. The object did not cast in the sky or surrounding the object and it never moved any contrails, no exhaust in the object was in air, sir. This object never was in conjunction with clouds which were in the area at the time and I never received any reflection on it, as on the object. Having no attention until it was only out in a ground to know where it was going during the entire it is at this... behind the

When I first saw this object, I called it to the attention of some of the men in the barrack but none of them arrived at the window in time to see the object.

It is my belief that the object which I saw on 16 May 1952, is one of the objects which our military referred to as "flying saucers".

At this present I am an automobile mechanic (MOS 641), and I work at the Preventive Line Maintenance Shop at Davis-Monthman AFB. I have been interested in any objects pertaining, to mechanics for the last three years. I never have seen anythin, similar to the object which I described above. I am not colorblind, might need glasses and I have always been able to distinguish one object from another.
 
(continued)

---

WITNESSES:

[Signatures are present, though in this context, following the rules, they are not transcribed.]

UNCLASSIFIED

---

The remainder of the text is either redacted or cut off at the bottom of the image.

(Note: The text has been reproduced as faithfully as possible, including any grammatical or typographical errors that appear in the original document.)