There are no photographs in this image, only visible text and markings related to the document's classification and handling.

**Text from the document:**

```
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
TSNAD-2B/ACL/amb
WRIGHT FIELD, DAYTON, OHIO
15 NOV 1949

SUBJECT: Flying Discs.

TO: Chief of Staff
    United States Air Force
    Washington 25, D.C.
    ATTENTION: Dr. C.
    Office, Director of Intelligence
    Lt Colonel George Garrett, Jr.

1. The enclosed newspaper clippings are submitted for your information and comment. The incident reported in Seattle appeared in the "Dayton Journal" on 12 November 1947, and should be followed up if possible.

2. The story by Lionel Shapiro regarding new weapons developed in Spain evidently was printed in a number of leading newspapers throughout the country. The significance of this article will be dependent upon our funds, material, experimental testing, and important developments, such as a new aerial element. It is supposed to be supplied by German scientists. The German scientists at this Hq indicate that no important aid from Germany are working in Spain, and those mentioned in this article are not known to them.

3. If possible, therefore, an effort should be made to obtain names, qualifications, or any information that might help, to identify the alleged German scientists working in Spain.

4. A brief statement was made in a recent intelligence report from Hq, USAF/ALS/2, regarding a flying disc incident in Alaska in September. The close range sighting reported should render a more detailed observation than what was reported, which should suggest follow-up.

5. It is further requested that this office be advised as to progress being made on the plotting of all flying disc incidents to date, particularly in North America. It was understood that Dr. Carrell will coordinate those incidents, but no further word was reached regarding this effort.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL
(Signature)
Colonel McCoy
Hq. USAF, A.C. Intelligence Corps
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

This document seems to discuss the tracking and investigation of incidents involving "flying discs" and connections or contributions from German scientists possibly working in Spain, along with a specific incident in Alaska.