The image does not contain any photographs. It is a text document and below is the extracted text provided as an OCR output:

---

Page 2 Incident __308

Name and address of observer: [text redacted] Court, Elko, Nevada

Occupation and hobbies; CAA Radio operator

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):
Above average intelligence, reliable

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:
At approximately 10:15 Pacific Standard Time on 2 May 1949 I was working on my car located in front of my house at [text redacted] Elko, Nevada. I glanced at the sky North of Elko and noticed three objects in an inverted vee formation proceeding in a southwest direction. The objects were approximately 1/4 inch across to my naked eye; were roughly circular in shape and seemed to be made of metal with the appearance of oxidized aluminum. The speed on contact with aircraft at the Elko airport, I judged the objects to be flying about 5 miles from town at an altitude of 10,000 feet. On this basis they would be approximately 30 feet in diameter and traveling at a speed of 250 or 400 miles per hour. I could see no indications of exhaust, or vapor trails and heard no sound and there were no extensions or projections on the objects. I entered my house and returned with a pair of binoculars, but before I could use them (the binoculars), the three objects seemed to veer left to a more southerly direction; all three tilted at an angle, in what seemed a precision movement and disappeared from my sight. The speed of the objects seemed to increase as they started to veer and upon tilting they seemed extremely thin and flat. I was unable to again locate the objects with either the binoculars or my naked eye. The objects were within my vision for approximately two minutes and upon their disappearance I immediately notified my superior at the Civil Aeronautical Administration, Elko, Nevada, by telephone.

I have read the foregoing statement and it is true to the best of my knowledge and recollection.

---