No photograph is present in the image.

As an OCR service, here is the output of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

(2) Absence of trail, except in a few instances when the
object apparently was operating under high performance
conditions.

(3) Circular or elliptical in shape, flat on bottom and
domed on top.

(4) Several reports of well kept formation flights varying
from three to nine objects.

(5) Normally no associated sound, except in three instances
a substantial rumbling roar was noted.

(6) Level flight speeds normally above 300 knots are esti-
mated.

f. It is possible within the present U. S. knowledge, pre-
vided extensive detailed development is undertaken, to construct
piloted aircraft which can describe 
paragraph (a) above which would be capable of an approximate range of
7000 miles at subsonic speeds.

g. Any developments in this country along the lines indicated
would be extremely expensive, time consuming. A committee in the
presence of current projects and therefore, if directed, should be set up in-
dependently of existing projects.

h. Due considerations must be given the following:-

(1) The possibility that these objects are of domestic
origin - the product of some high security project
not known to AF/A2 of this command.

(2) The lack of physical evidence in the shape of crash
recovered exhibits which would conclusively prove the
existence of these objects.

(3) The possibility that some foreign nation has a form
of propulsion, possibly nuclear, which is outside of
our domestic knowledge.

3. It is recommended that:-

Headquarters, Army Air Forces issue a directive assigning
a priority, security classification and Code Name to the study of
and pertinent data which will then be made available to the Air Material
Command, AMC, and, through JEDB, the Air Force scientific Advisory Group,
NACA, the RAND and NEPA to be forwarded within 15 days of receipt of
initial intelligence data with a preliminary report. Thereafter every 30 days the investi-
the date and a detailed report thereafter

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```