The image provided is a text document with no photographs present. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

CONFIDENTIAL

Terrain, Octave vs. altitude: During most of the view at 7,000' MSL which
was over 10,000 MSL altitude terrain. For about 5 min of the view plane
was at 5,200 MSL and the terrain Virtually flat and 4,200' MSL at the
end of sighting when aircraft had begun to come down to Warm Springs on a
level with the object.
 
Observer's previous experience which might aid in identification of
the object was considerable as a bomber pilot in all theaters in Would War II and
as a fighter pilot and radar observer in Korean Conflict.
 
Color of object: The observer did not specify any definite color of the
object in either of his reports or correspondence. In later correspondence he
referred to it as "it looked silver because of its bright metallic color" and
"It looked like metal and was brilliant".
 
Apparent Size of object: The apparent size at arm's length of the nearest object
to the observer was approximately size of a 25 cent piece (quarter) at arm's length.
The others were from dime to nickel size. 
 
Range from the observer at the time they were closest is estimated to be about
10-15 miles. The formation less than this and the single object about this distance
perhaps a little more.
 
Time of day: 1400.
 
Angle of site or angle above horizon: the time the objects flew up the valley
200-300' above the valley floor. The single object was at same level at observer's
aircraft when the aircraft was at 5,200' MSL and estimated to be about 500' above
the valley, perhaps 5,700' MSL since the valley floor was about 4,200' MSL at about
2500' above the valley floor.

Conditions of observation: At time of the sighting area where observed was
The valley where sighting is sparsely populated; however, there are a number of
ranches there - more than one indicated on the Boise [Vec] sectional.
Population of Boise section is recognized, farms lining in the valley were
places are several valley towns two or three - 5,000' from the ground and in
close proximity to airport. The valley road going between Ontario and French
Glen does not recall ever having seen an aircraft land in the valley. Itself sighted any
object. The valley is not outdoor airplane but we fly men in and out
planes, and S snows do recall see(ng) any automobiles on the dirt roads in the
valley, snow as 3:00 am to 5:00 am (VFR)--the section...unusual what.

Number and Formation of Objects: At the beginning of observation, when the
objects were a few callous so we're obscured by clouds, six or more not more than
seven objects - all the same were followed. However, as the clouds or mists passed
one by one four to five could then be actually counted, six or seven were always
guessed. Of the objects 7-10 miles the rest very low in sky (dust makes it difficult to see
five (5) objects were almost constantly.

Information in regard to other aircraft in area.
There was no change in altitude of the formation. The space between two lead
objects and the next one was in the order of four miles which in the case of the objects was
Two times more between the second and the following objects was between one-half land two-thirds the length of the two objects. Apparently, in the objects were 20' in length,
The distance between 1 and 2 was set to 40 feet, and the distance between 3 and
The others was between 10 and 17 feet. The distance between the objects appeared very
Constant. The objects were so close and appeared to keep their formation spacing in a
Manner which indicated they might have been under tow by the leading object. At the
Distance of sighting, no connection, if there was any, could possibly have been
Observed. Some jets a positive that the objects were separate objects because he was able
To see terrain between them. The formation did not fluctuate in flight; the objects
Flew very evenly and steadily when Last saw the objects they were going out of
Visual range on the horizon."

"Weather and visibility at time of observation: Visibility was exceptionally
good. The could see Harvey Lake, 70 miles that, and could see smoke rising from the
Saw mills at Burns, Oregon, 75 miles distant. There were a few scattered clouds at

UNCLASSIFIED