The image does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text output from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
A FORM 112-PART I

AR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Asst C/3, AC-2, PEAP, AFO 925

TC-365-49 22

STATEMENT

At about 1200 hours on 3 September 1949, while leading a three (3) ship flight approximately ten (10) miles southeast of Clark AFB, at 6,000 feet heading south during a turn to the left, understayned officers to left wing man, (Lt. R. J. Serrani) called, "Look up to the right." Looking up to the right, I saw an object climbing towards the north at a high rate of speed leaving a con-trail. It was climbing at a steep angle (approximately 30째). Once sighted I would estimate it to be at about 15,000 feet, thirty (30) miles from our position and climbing rapidly. I reversed thin turn to the right and pressed out the wing men while in the turn, till the wing man in leading about a 35째 bank. Upon reaching a heading of north, which took not over a minute and a half (closer to a minute) since it was a steep bank, the object had reached an altitude estimated to be 50,000 feet. It was dark in color and far enough away so that nothing more was distinguishable than a black dot. At about 50,000 feet it made a sharp "level-out not at all like an airplane leveling off after the climb-starting a definite climb" with its con-trail. My first impression was to start after it but obviously its speed was so great it was impossible. The con-trail was one long thin line and had not dissipated to any extent at all from its beginning at the south to its present position, almost out of sight heading north. Upon plotting its relative position from us, and the 'quick lengthening' of our separation, it is estimated to have been traveling well over 800 miles per hour.

/s/ Louis J. Sebille
LOUIS J. SEBILLE, 6663A
Major, USAF
Commanding Officer
67th Fighter Squadron

STATEMENT

At 1202 hours on 3 September 1949, undersigned officer was at approximately 6,000 feet in a flight of three F-51's. While in a turn Major Sebille, Flight Leader, motioned for me to look to the right. We were heading approximately south when undersigned officer saw a con-trail at about 15,000 feet. When looking back at Major Sebille he had reversed his turn so undersigned officer followed, We rolled out of the turn flying parallel to the con-trail. Undersigned could see that it was at about a 30째 angle of climb. Undersigned officer checked his compass heading at 350째.

From the time undersigned officer first saw the con-trail to the time we completed the turn it had moved from a position south of us to a position far north of us. Object traveled straight except for a slight change of course. Immediately following the change of direction a slight rolling-in of the con-trail occurred. It was like the wake from a ship, but instead of rolling-out this was curling-in. Undersigned officer could see where the track continued in the climb to between 35,000 and 40,000 feet where it leveled off and continued on the straight course.

At no time did undersigned officer see what was making the con-trail. Undersigned officer saw its point of origin the first time he looked but did not see an aircraft, When he was in a position to see again the con-trail had already been made.

I continued on course parallel to object for a while and then returned to Clark due to lack of sufficient fuel to continue. His engine was at 1200 and his could still see the tail. Then undersigned lost the contrail.

/s/ Richard T. Shea
RICHARD T. SHEA, AO-736343
1st Lt., USAF, 67th Ftr Scdn.,

[UNCLASSIFIED]