The image presented appears to be a black and white scanned document page with no photographs. The text is slightly blurry but legible. Here is the text as produced by OCR:

```
UNCLASSIFIED 2 February 1949

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft

single of flaresnon when last nighted plus six degrees zero minutes. Azimuth
when last seen 53 degrees 40 minutes. No sound was heard. Color of flares was
bluish white. Bodey of object was cylindrical and grayish by color. SizE
was six to tan times the length of the cylender. Flares appeared to ochen on
a testy tan and tango basis and rate of may ber of 1000 per beur. Direction of
travel t was north to south. Charged off. The 2930 SUI, Security Detachment at
Keesler and Deyelopment, Port Bliss, Texas, also saw this object. Above pro-
ducts will be followed with Siling as soon as possible. On 31 January 1949,
1530 hours, special agent, Barnard E. Fowle, OSI, Dlegan Demolishment, Biggs Air
Ferce Base, El Paso Texas, furnished the following information:

Biggs AFB
Biggs AFB, Base, tower operators on duty in the "Operations Tower
from 1503 to 2420 hours, 29 January 1949, reported seeing a green ball of fire as
a flash buning 20 January 1949 travelling an northwest to southeasts at an asimuth
of 119 degrees above the horizons. This object was seens for approxinately 10 seconds desap-
pearedsd it still being seen is been seen as it was rans on "The dusk and travelling
on a slight decellas, it then cheesed to a late smilun of flares ommed doses in
apuse 90-90. The time of sighting of this object is considered accurate as the
tower promoters are required to report all movements at the field with regard
to time of occurrence. The exact location on the Operations Tower Biggs Air
Force Base is 106 degrees 23 minutes West and 31 degrees 50 minutes North. The
following individuals in duty in the Operations Tower, individual alrcocft, etc.
Colonel, addressed to xna general by this ridgest object: A functional layer 20 hours
on 30 January 1949. The supabliminating this information review by Staff Sergeant 

[Remaining text at the bottom of the page is obscured by a black redaction bar.]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

The text has multiple apparent typographical errors, which is common in scanned documents of this nature and age. Please note that the illegibility in some parts of the text and its unorthodox phrasing are due to the original document's quality and the era's typing practices.