There is no photograph present in the image. The document contains text, which I will transcribe as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
Page 2 Incident 304

Name and address of observer:
[REDACTED]

Occupation and hobbies:
[REDACTED]

Elements of Interest whether true to Intelligence and Counter or
deceptive:
[REDACTED]

On 3 April 1949, [REDACTED], who owns and operates a construction
company at Dillon, Montana, reported sighting an object commonly known as a
"flying disc" at approximately 1150 hours, 3 April 1949. Mr.[REDACTED] at the time of
the alleged appearance of the object, was standing in the yard of his construction
company located approximately one mile southeast of Dillon, Montana, facing north-
ward at approximately 1150 hours, 3 April 1949, saw what appeared to be a "flying
disc" at an altitude of approximately three to five thousand feet over the northern
part of the city of Dillon Montana, and approximately four miles north of Mr.
[REDACTED]'s position. The object appeared to be approximately twenty feet in diameter and
four to five feet in depth through the center. The object, at the time of sighting
appeared to be rocking in a teeter-totter motion, very much as an inverted saucer
or cup and saucer set might move having in a semi-circular motion. The upper side and
the area viewed of metal and was illuminous and was bright as the upper side of a plate
polished with silver. The lower side appeared to be of the other bluegray or greenish-
gray, which did not reflect light. The shape of the object was that of a plate
or disc placed upon another inverted plate or disc. The edges of the disc were
believed to be exceedingly thin with considerable thickness in the middle.

The object, after rocking from side to side for at least six completed
times, proceeded in an easterly direction and descended rapidly from the height
at which it was first observed down to an altitude of approximately 700 or 1000
feet, at which it again started the rocking motion. After rocking a few times
and reflecting light each time, the upper side came into view. It had then
moved rapidly in a southwesterly direction to a position approximately 1000 feet,
from altitude and two miles west of Dillon, Montana, at which time it again
started the rocking motion. After rocking a few times, it proceeded rapidly
in a position above the airport of Dillon, Montana, at approximately 1000 feet
altitude and twelve miles northeast of Dillon, Montana. The object, again
proceeded in a curve and rapidly disappeared over the mountains SSE of
Dillon, Montana.

DOWNGRADED AT
3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED
AFTER 12 YEARS

UNCLASSIFIED