The image does not contain any photographs, only textual content. Below is the OCR extracted text from the document:

```plaintext
Page 2

Name and address of observer: Mr & Mrs ██████████

Occupation and hobbies: Mr ████████ is an editor

Comments of Interviewer relative to intelligence and character of
observer(s): Informant has a local reputation as a "publicity hound"

WHAT IT THE AIR?

An unexplained moving object trailing a bright light across the sky
was sighted near here today by ███████████, Paris newspaper publisher.
███████████ and his wife observed a ball-shaped object "literally
opening up a path across the heavens". Object was sighted between
Paris and North Middletown. At first the object had a silver color
but took on a golden hue from the sun's rays. It looked almost like
another planet," he said. "I've seen meteors and Halley's Comet,
but it wasn't as small as those. This thing was a brilliant shaft of
light that you couldn't help but see..." ██████████ said it was visible
at least 15 minutes. A picture was taken by Mrs ███████████ a few minutes
after they first observed the object streaking out from behind a small
cloud.

Possible Explanation by ██████ ███████, 109 CIC Detachment
██████ learned from various newspaper clippings
█████████ Jr., brother of CIC Agent J. D. Eaggard, 109th CIC Det,.
was interviewed on 18 Jan 49 and stated that he, too, had seen the "thing in
the sky" as outlined in the news story. He stated that it was unquestionably
a very high flying aircraft with concomitant vapor trail.

█████████ who lives 8 miles from Lexington on the Richmond Road stated
that he saw a small plane emitting smoke going toward Winchester about 14:30
P. M., 16 Jan 49. He said the fiery-colored smoke trail remained visible
several minutes.

███████████, said he was returning to Louisville on State
Highway 169 between Richmond & Nicholasville when he first observed the
plane flying at a high altitude. He thought that it was a sky-writing airplane
trailing smoke.
``` 

Please note that several parts of the text have been redacted, represented by blocks in the text.