There are no photographs present in this image, only typed text with some handwritten markings. Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

```
GUIDE TO INVESTIGATIO.                  UNCLASSIFIE
                                     Bk#6
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

Incident No. _____

1. Date of observation  10 Aug 49    Date of Interview   23 Aug 49
2. Exact time of observation (local)  1800 hrs, Central Standard Time
3. Place of observation: In village of Hindsville, Arkansas
   (Map Coordinates)
4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg. location or - give details)
   Observer was looking out of window and noticed object
5. What attracted attention to object: Object was bright and fairly large
6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping: One
7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or fist
   at arm's length): Object was approximate size of full moon
8. Color of object: Bright aluminum
9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object):
   Object was flat and round. It resembled a disc.
10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
    45 degrees above horizon
11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from north): 160 degrees
12. Distance from observer (distance to town, bldg., etc., over which object
    appeared to be): Appeared to be flying over ridge 1 mile from observer
13. Direction of flight of object(s): West to East
14. Time in sight: Approximately 2 minutes
15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Normal speed of airplane
16. Sound and odor: None
17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.): None
18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of
    brilliancy): Object was bright and resembled sun shining on aluminum
19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.): None
20. Manoeuvres (turns, climbs, level flight changes of flight path): None-flight
    of object was level and consistent
                                                                      UNCLASSIFIE
```