The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scanned page from a document.

As requested, here's the text output from the document:

```
C  \                                                                                       
Engineering Division                                                                       
Memorandum Report No. INDEX-69-12b               UNCLASSIFIED                              
24 April 1949                                                                              
maneuvering or not maneuvering. It is quite possible that it was                            
simply climbing steeply on a relatively straight course, such as would                      
be taken by a lighted weather balloon.                                                     
    As a matter of fact, a lighted weather balloon was released by                          
the Fargo Weather Station within 10 minutes of the time the light was                       
first sighted by the P-51 pilot. It is the opinion of the writer                           
that this lighted balloon easily could have accounted for all of the                       
pilot's observations. (It should be noted that the standard 30 inch                        
and 65 inch weather balloons have a vertical speed of about 600 and                        
1100 ft./min. respectively.)                                                               
General Discussion and Summary                                                             
    In the proceeding section the hypothesis has been advanced that                         
most reports of unidentified flying objects have been the result                           
of persons failing to identify familiar phenomena, such as reflections                      
from bright surfaces in the day or lights in a night sky. It is                            
believed that this explanation will account for many of the reports.                       
However, some reports undoubtedly have other explanation.                                  
    Vertigo. The term vertigo covers a large group of miscellaneous                        
phenomena including air sickness, disbelief in one's instruments,                          
and partial loss of orientation. The conditions under which some of                         
the observations of flying objects were made were such that they could                     
have produced loss of orientation on the part of an observer. This                         
is especially true for those experiences occurring at night and those                      
in which attempts were made to "chase" the object. Movement is always                      
relative. If the only outside reference is a point of light, and both                      
the observer and the object observed are moving, it would be practically                   
impossible under certain conditions to tell which was moving and                           
which was not, or to separate out the two motions. It is hard enough                       
                                                                               UNCLASSIFIED
``` 

Please note that due to the quality of the scan, there may be minor inaccuracies in the transcription.