The image provided is a scanned document and does not contain any photographs. It is a page from what appears to be a report from Project Blue Book or a related UFO investigation report. Here is the text transcript from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED
CALDWELL, et al - 24-95

The Gray Goose had an overall length of approximately 14 ft., with a rather conventional-type fuselage. A 9-cylinder, 45-horsepower French engine (Somer(?)) was mounted on a conventional front fuselage engine mount, driving a conventional two-blade wooden propeller. The model had no wings, but possibly had stabilizing airfoils located in the general wing position. The fuselage was a single cockpit, tricycle land-ing gear affair, with a high square vertical stabilizer and broad rudder. A spring steel tail skid was mounted to the rear bottom of the fuselage, and some type of horizontal sta-bilizers were attached to the fuselage near the conventional position. These horizontal stabilizers appeared to be mounted away from the fuselage on an "A"-type frame, and one informant stated that the inventor had "some type of orary ring as far as ailerons were concerned." The cockpit contained an alti-meter, a tachometer, an oil pressure gauge, a fuel pressure gauge and three blank instrument spaces. The plane was con-trolled by means of a stick and rudder pedals. The fuselage construction consisted of three-quarter inch welded steel tub-ing, covered with a tarpaper-type material on top and above the fuselage was a disc, approximately 14 ft. in diameter. This disc resembled two dinner plates face to face, with a winder of reinforced plywood, covered with aluminum on the edges and covered with aircraft fabric. A center revolving axle was controlled by an expander-type brake. Four airfoil blades, approximately 3 ft. in length and 12" in width were attached to the cardinal points of the disc. Present con-dition indicates that these blades could be controlled, there-fore making it possible to change the pitch. The blades were of reinforced-type construction with a cord of 3" on the leading edge and 3 1/2" on the trailing edge. The leading edge was stripped with copper and the blade was constructed of polished hardwood. From present appearances, the disk was free rotating and was given its momentum by prop blast and forward thrust. The engine had been removed from the fuselage and was no longer on the premises.

The rotor-plane was in a bad condition and was not immediately identi-fied as being a second model. Very little of this model is now available for study. The model, as it exists today, consists of a plywood and steel reinforced cylinder, approximately 14 ft. in diameter and 3 ft. in depth. Six airfoil blades of the same type as were used on the Gray Goose were also found. These blades are approximately 8 ft. in length. Two bands, 10" in width with a roller door attached, were also found.

On 18 August 1949, Mr.  --------- and Mrs. --------- Glen Burnie, Maryland, were interviewed concerning CALDWELL. The Glen Burnie Airport
UNCLASSIFIED

--- 

Please note that the text was transcribed as-is from the document, including any typographical errors or unclear portions.