There are no photographs present in this image.

OCR Output:

```
Case File #24-26
DO #20, McChord AFB                                                        UNCLASSIFIED

further stated that the color of these objects was silver on top, described as
being extremely brilliant and even bordering on a flash effect, and the bottom was
black or very dull, as determined by the fact that he felt to be lose sight of
them when they turned in a position showing only what he felt to be almost edges.
The shape of the objects could not easily be recalled or described. The
best description he could give was that they were the shape of a silver dollar cut
in half, or a half circle, with a tiny point in the center of the arc in the front
of the object.

13. ****** further stated that the altitude of the objects sighted would be
very difficult to estimate, in that when working four dimensions one can only guess
at distances that perhaps 12,000, 13,000 or 14,000 feet was the altitude, with a
let-down of between 2,000 to 4,000 feet, as nearly as he could estimate. He stated
that the direction of his observation was to his left, in a West by Northwest direc-
tion, approximately 9:30 o'clock. When last seen, the objects appeared to be ap-
proximately 7:30 o'clock, travelling skyward. He stated that the distance from the
point of his observation to the objects would again be very difficult to estimate,
but that he would judge between eight to twelve or fifteen miles; that the flight
of the objects was Southwesterly. He further stated that the length of time the
objects were within his sight could not have been over five minutes; that as far as
the velocity is concerned, an F-51 aircraft could have overtaken the objects when
they were descending in a spiral formation, and that they seemed to be in look-out
for each other because they remained in an almost perfect formation. However, when their
course changed and they took off into the sky, nothing that he knows of today could
have been able to equal or even approximate their speed. He further stated that
there was no sound, no exhaust, no vapor trail, no contrail and no other, that the
distance between each object appeared to be approximately two wing spans of a B-29.
He further stated that so far as their luminosity is concerned, they were extremely
brilliant on the upper side and their bottom sides were extremely dull. They had
no projections, such as fins, wings, rods, antennae or canopies, so far as he ob-
served. Their maneuvers were described above, as well as their manner of disappear-
ance. He stated that there was no physical effect on the clouds, inasmuch as
there was probably only approximately 2/10 coverage, the day being clear with high
Cirrus clouds. Weather conditions and light at the time of sighting the objects,
as stated by Municipal Terminal Weather Station exactly with the observation made by
the Boise Municipal Air Terminal to correspond exactly (see par. 9, supra).

14. ********* name was verified by his AGO Card and by his employer, the
Lewiston Tribune. He stated that at present he does not have a residence address
inasmuch as he has been in Lewiston, Idaho, only a short time, but that he can be
reached in care of the Lewiston Tribune as Assistant City Editor-Reporter. He
stated that at present his occupation is that of a newspaper reporter, and that his
hobbies are photography and flying. ******** first observed by this agent as wear-
ing glasses, but stated that they were used only for work and that they were not
needed. He did not recall whether or not he had them on at the time of his observa-
tion of the flying objects. He did state, however, that on the date the objects
were viewed the windows of his car were rolled down and that the objects were not
viewed through any transparent material, unless he happened to have had his glasses
on at the time, which would be unlikely.

                                                              UNCLASSIFIED
```