There is no photograph present in the image of the document.

Here's the text from the document as per your request:

```
Memorandum for Record                                                15 December 1952

SUBJECT: Call to Los Alamos, New Mexico

1. On the evening of 15 Dec 52, Capt E. J. Ruppelt called Mr. Homer T.
Gittings, Jr., of 1537B 14th Street, Los Alamos, New Mexico (Telef 2650).
The purpose of the call was to contact Mr. Gittings in regard to some pre-
vious data that Capt Ruppelt had obtained about a correlation between the
visual sightings of UFO and radiation from unknown sources. Previous to this,
Capt Ruppelt sent Mr. (redacted) as a registered letter refilesting the data, but
the letter was returned as unclaimed. Mr. (redacted) explained that when the
letter arrived, he had been out of town and the post office had gotten mixed
up on his instructions to hold any mail and had returned the letter.

2. Although not too much data could be obtained over the telephone, Mr. (redacted)
(censored) did shed some light on some of the questions that had been asked in
regard to the correlations. In the first place, a Mr. (redacted) from
Los Alamos, New Mexico, Phone (redacted) was the person who knew pee-
ple at Mt. Palomar who had also seen uncontradictory aerial objects at the same
time they had detected some radiation. Confirm to previous beliefs, Mr. (redacted)
was not there at the time and only heard of the incident through personal sur-
faces from these people at Mt. Palomar. Mr. (redacted) stated that he was sure
that Mr. (redacted) could give us the names of the people at Palomar and then is
a possibility that they are still there. The other gentlemen involved in the
incident at Los Alamos is a Mr. (redacted) who reportedly lives at 192
(remainder of text on line censored) and (remainder of text on line censored)
of radiation from unknown sources and that several of them had correlated with
newspaper articles within two hours. He was not sure how many Mr. Carter
obtained.

3. In describing the nature of the radiation which had been picked up,
Mr. (redacted) stated that "they picked up a vertical component - a particle
that penetrated three thin walled tubes and the roof of the building". The
tubes are 5/8 inches in diameter and 2 inches on center. He stated that they
had checked all sources of radiation from the laboratory and that this type
of radiation was far out of line for any cosmic activity.

4. Mr. (redacted) was asked to obtain more information on the type of equip-
ment that was used to get the radiation, the exact dates and time of all indi-
cated radiation, and a little bit of background on each of the people. He was
also told that personnel from Blue Book would try to contact him personally
within the next two or three weeks to obtain all of this information.
```