The image provided is a text document and does not contain any photographs. The text in the document reads as follows:

"JET PILOT REVEALS FACTS OF EARLIER UFO SIGHT
The following UFO report—though one of the early sighting cases—has particular value because of the identity of the chief witness, Commander M. D. Taylor, USNR Retired. Commander Taylor, a former Navy pilot, was officer-in-charge of guided missile work under Rear Admiral Delemer S. Fahrney. This report was forwarded to NICAP by Commander Taylor after he saw press coverage of Admiral Fahrney’s views on ‘flying saucers’ and NICAP’s Board of Governors. “My good friend Admiral Del Fahrney has suggested that I write you the facts in regard to our experience in the flying saucer field,” Commander Taylor told NICAP. “During World War 2 we had extensive experience in the actual handling of guided missiles and pilotless aircraft by means of radio control, using television and radar direction, target kites, etc.
“We flew the first jet and rocket powered piloted missiles successfully launched in this country and accumulated many hours of flying aircraft of various types by remote control. We believe this experience qualifies us somewhat for the remote observation of aircraft and flight phenomena.”
The details of Commander Tayler’s report follow: Date — July 13, 1949
Location — Longview, Washinton
Weather — Clear with bright sunlight, poor visibility unlimited
On this particular date an Air Show was just getting under way at the Longview Fair Grounds. Approximately 200 persons of quality had gathered, including a number of retired pilots, parachute-jumpers, and charge of the public-address system, was commenting on the sky-writing maneuvers of a Stearman at 10,000 feet when a brilliant, round object suddenly appeared from the west.
“The object definitely was not with an advertising month,” Commander Tc.studles. The sharply tips as were rec. approximately 30 degrees above and below level—through a 60-degree angle.
“Many of the viewers were qualified airmen, all whom agreed on the local wind direction, against which the object moved in periods of undulation its metallic apperancy its maneuverability and seemingly light-insensitive control it could move through the speed across the sky high above the skywriting apparent aize in comparison with the Stearman and other observations which definitely precluded the possibility of its being a conventional aircraft, balloon, or the like.
The bottom appeared dark, Commander Taylor reported, and observers who saw it with 8x30 glasses cold it looked much like a disk used in ten ox events. The object appeared like brilliant metal when the sun finally reaches the right angle to flash off the rim.
“On top of it separated tiny domes on top of it.” the Commanders’s report continues. "My own observation as to size would be that if it were 10,000 feet level it would be about 50 feet in diameter.
“The object, when almost directly overhead, turned to the south. When it was about 60 degrees above the horizon it turned abruptly to the northeast. Then it disappeared behind a column of smoke which areas from a nearby paper mill at a height of 20,000 feet. This height we estimated on the basis of the direction of the smoke column curvature, and from later reports by the skywriting pilot. The object was well above the skywriting.”
Commander Taylor stated when the object was approximately around the 10,000 level, in “plan form,” its speed was slow as it neared the south, but after this it moved away rapidly.
“No noise," stated the former missile officer, “did anyone here a sound. Those of us at the Air Show saw only one such object, but others who arrived shortly afterward reported seeing up to a dozen or approximately the same time. Everyone agreed that the single object (seen at the Air Show) disappeared in apparent pursuit of the group.
Summing up the UFO report, Commander Taylor reaches this conclusion:
“The sighting was definitely of some flying objects unlike any thing here ever presently known. It appeared to move without causing a shock wave or after noise, although its speed during the latter part of its flight was such that one would expect to hear some sort of noise from it."