There is no photograph present on this page; instead, it contains only text. Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

---
21-39

as the result of the emergency landing, four fence posts went completely
out of shape, and forty-five feet of a civilian hay mowed, torn down
and scattered. As a pilot was observed in the matter was referred
to the F.B.I., and the report submitted from San Antonio Field Unit
of that organization indicates that pilot to have been a member
of that Field Unit at 1316 Wallace Street, Taylor, Texas. The aircraft
was a Bellanca Iconowing, red in color, T…NC 1703. Investigation by
the F.B.I., indicated nothing unfavorable regarding subject's loyalty
to the United States.

7. On 6 June 1949 "C" Battery, 749th AAA Bn.,
44th AAA Bn, and Texas .............. "H" Battery, 4th AAA Bn., 
Camp Hood, Texas, observed aerial lights. Observers were at artillery 
OP No. 2, Camp Hood, Tex., in coordinates 513-755-7300. Time of ob-
servations was approximately ..., last from .... to in shift, for two
minutes and forty seconds. Object was discovered as being initially one,
disintegrating into similar objects as last sighting. The size was 
2 to 3 miles in a E to SE direction. Object was approximately on mile above
the surface, described as being round emitting a dull glow, orange in
color, similar to a ball of fire. Object obscured through fog scope,
and initially appeared stationary, then moved in level flight, being
tracked with constant turn on EC scope. The object seemed to disinte-
grate into smaller objects which disappeared in a fraction of a second.
The sky was overcast, but the object was described as being dull as a
flashlight with black-out disk. No sound or odor was observed.

8. Same object was observed by "H" Battery, 749th AAA
Battery, 92d AAA Bn, on 2... June 1949, at 2307. Position at that time was
Bn, Camp Hood, Texas, from ....... coordinates 591-550 - 557-7000. The second set of observers
indicated the object to have been one or perhaps two side by side, round
in shape and yellow or orange in color. Size was about that of a dime
held at arms length. Observers stated object was fairly dull until
it burst, and upon bursting parts went up and down and faded out. OP
No. 1 observed object on an azimuth of 2510 mls, and OP No. 2 obser-
ved on an azimuth 2771 mls. Report on form "Guide to Investigation,
Unidentified Aerial Objects" furnished by both sets of observers to 
AA:C through Fourth Army. Copies of these reports are on file in D.O.
No. 10.

9. On 13 June 1949, at headquarters, 924th AAU,
Bn, Camp Hood, Texas, observed aerial light at approximately 2015 hours.
Observer was walking south on 162nd Street, near intrsection of Hq.
Avenue, Camp Hood, Texas, and saw one bright light in the sky, the size
of a flare; described as being round, white in color with a pink trail.

UNCLASSIFIED
---