There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the text output from the document:

---

2&-9&

10. On 13 June, **** at Camp
Hood, Texas, at approximately 2000 hours, observed a brilliant litt;
in the sky. Observer was studying in his room in the rear of the
Camp Hood Officers' Club and saw this brilliant light similar to a
meteorite. Estimated size 300 to 700 feet in width, extension to
the rear 1000 yards. The object was glowing with color, white to a
solidus-yellow and green. Observed object for 5 to 10 minutes
miles distant, moving at a tremendous speed from east to west. Direction
of flight was west to southwest. Object was in sight from 5 to 10
seconds. Object was described as being three times the brilliance
of a meteorite. Weather was clear, ceiling and visibility unlimited.
Complete report on certain data due to unwarranted, then official
Objects furnished to I.O. by Fourth Army and a copy is retained in
the files of D. O. No. 10.

11. This same object was also observed from the rear of the
the size of the Camp Hood Officers' Club. Observer could not estimate
rear of the Camp Hood, but stated it was round with a tail. Color
described from front to rear as brilliant green, red, dark red, purple,
with dark outline. Object was in sky approximately 30 seconds,
during which time it covered one-half mile in east to west direction
being rounded. This observer majored in Petrol and Geological
subjects at University of Oklahoma, and stated he definitely believed
object sighted was not a meteorite, and judging by the color of its
trail, observer believed object was consuming a fuel of hydro-carbon
base. Copy of report has been furnished to AMC, and a copy is re-
tained in the files of D. O. No. 10.

12. On 7 July 1949, 106th District OSIT was advised by ****
****2-Section, Headquarters Fourth Army, that a request
had been directed through channels for the assistance of a Technical
Intelligence Team from Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson AFB, in
determining the nature of the aerial phenomena in the vicinity of Camp
Hood, Texas.

PENDING

UNCLASSIFIED

5

---

Please note that some parts of the text are redacted, indicated by asterisks (****), and some letters are not completely clear due to the quality of the document.