The image does not contain any photographs, it is a scanned document page. Here is the text from the document:

---

GUIDE TO INVESTIGATOR
UNCLASSIFIED
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

Incident No. _____

1. Date of observation 15 Aug 1949 Date of Interview 19 Aug 1949

2. Exact time of observation (local) Between 1615 and 1630

3. Place of observation:
(Map Coordinates)

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldgs, location or - give details):

On porch at home, approximately e. of above the ground.

5. What attracted attention to object: Saw fluttering object in sky with the a— its m— and 
numbered to be flying.

6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping: Two, in trail - one ab, t 
line, one following the other.

7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or fist
at arms length): Approximately size of ordinary dinner plate.

8. Color of object: All objects were completely visible and were a bright silvery
color.

9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object): 
resemble a perfect flat round disc.

10. Altitude (angle of elevation above horizon - 00 at horizon, 90° overhead):

Approximately 45 degrees above horizon.

11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from north): Approx 135 d-.

12. Distance from observer (distance to town, bldg, etc., over which object
disappeared to be): Approx 2 1/2 miles

13. Direction of flight of object (s): From southwest to southeast SE

14. Time in sight: Approx 5 Minutes

15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Moved approx 10 Degrees in 5 Min.

16. Sound and odor: NONE

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.): NONE

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of
brilliance): Very bright reflection from sun.

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.): NONE

20. Manoeuvres (turns, climbs, dips, etc - sketch of flight path): Went in straight 
level path, maintaining comparative speed. Each object appeared to cr— 
wheel through the air but not in unison.

---

Please note that due to the quality of the scan, some words are illegible or partially cut off.