The image does not contain a photograph; it is a page from a document with typewritten text. Here is the content transcribed from the document:

```
DETAILS (cont’d)

- Degree of fatigue and duration of flight at time of
  sighting in cases where observer is airborne: Not
  applicable.

9. Witnesses: None

10. Comments of interrogator regarding the intelligence and character
    of person interrogated: Witness was the quiet, sober type and
    appeared to be sincere. This Intelligence Officer, after considering
    the witness’ background and experience and apparent sincerity,
    believes there is a possibility of truth in his statements.

               Relative to Radar Sightings

1. Radar equipment of the Denver Bomb Plot was not in operation on 20
   August 1949. Radar observation with APQ/13 were made at 1500 and
   1700. Nothing unusual was reported.

                               General

1. Teletype sequences of local weather conditions. (For Lowry AFB and
   U.S. Weather Station, Stapleton Field, Denver, Colorado, attached
   report of Lowry AFB Weather Officer.

2. Winds aloft report

   a. Activities of Det 19-2L, 19th Weather Squadron attached to Lowry
      AFB, is as follows:

      (1) Surface observations (teletype sequences) indicate scattered
          cumulus clouds at 7000 to 8000 feet and an occasional
          thunderstorm were prevalent in the Denver area. Visibility
          was excellent with no obstructions. (Copy of weather
          report attached).
      (2) Upper Air Observation consisting of radio son SCR-658
          tracking transmitter attached to a balloon was conducted
          from 1415 to 1442 when run was terminated due to a failing
          signal. Set was operated on 403 megacycles with some
          interference. Cause of interference was undetermined. Copy
          upper wind report (RAWIN) attached.
      (3) Radar observations with APQ/13 were made at 1500 and 1700.
          Each report lasted approximately 20 minutes and nothing
          unusual was reported.

   b. Activities of U.S. Weather Bureau weather station at
      Stapleton Field, Denver, Colorado

      (1) Surface observations (teletype sequences) indicate
          scattered cumulus clouds in the general area with
          visibility unlimited. Copy of reports attached.
      (2) Upper air observation consisted of tracking of a weather
          balloon through optical means(theodolite) from 1400 to 1435.
          Run was terminated when balloon burst. (A white balloon
          was used.) Copy of report (PIBAL) attached.

UNCLASSIFIED
```