The document contains two photographs:

1. The first photograph shows a street view of a village with a line of buildings on one side. The architectural style appears to be traditional, possibly in the UK, based on the appearance of the buildings and the visible chimneys. There is no significant vehicle or pedestrian activity visible in the image.

2. The second photograph shows a relatively featureless landscape with a series of small bumps or mounds, which may be hills or formations in the distance. The image is somewhat grainy, and there is no clear indication of the scale or location of this landscape.

Here is the text from the document:

---

VILLAGE OF Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgog..ychw..rndrobwlllantysiliogogogoch  

FARAWAY PLACES WITH Strange Sounding Names

The lyricist in a current Hit Parade favorite confesses there are certain faraway places with strange-sounding names that he simply is burstin' to see. He goes on to mention such familiar disyllabic names as Siam and China. But the strangest sounding places of all he completely ignores and with good reason: they are the longest (above) and second longest (below) names of localities in the world and (next page) the longest reported in the U.S.

The pretty, gently curved hill (top center in the picture below) of Taumatawhakatangihangako..auau..amataeapokaiwhenuakitnatahu contains 57 letters, is the heart of New Zealand's sheep-raising country, and its name means to the herders down under, a son, a son with hereditary nasal catarrh has played his flute to his loved one. The hill is a "that-hill." In the original Maori it means, "The place where Tamatea known as Land Eater played on his flute to his loved one." The little village of Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwlllantysiliogogogoch is on the Island of Anglesey, North Wales. In a splendid demonstration of democracy in action no one of its syllables is accented over the other—Nature vs. P.C. finally shown it down to 10 letters. The name gives our tongue twisters plenty of action but the Air Force personnel who pass through such names even once prove trim, there are wonderfully relaxing places like the village of A. in Sweden and Holland's admirably simple river Y. 

HILL OF Taumatawhakatangihangako..auau..amataeapokaiwhenuakitnatahu

CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE  167

---