There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS 1st FIGHTER WING
March Air Force Base
DIRECTORATE OF INTELLIGENCE

2 May 1949

SUBJECT: Investigation of Unidentified Flying Objects

TO:
Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. In compliance with 1st Indorsement to basic letter, File
AMC 360.112, Subject: Information of Unidentified Flying Objects,
dated 1 March 1949, the following report of investigation is sub-
mitted:

a. 1st Lt. ——— , Air Force Reserve Pilot,
stationed with 704th Air Reserve Unit, Fresno State Teachers College,
Fresno, California, was interrogated and submitted a written statement
concerning his observation of an unfamiliar flying object. This ob-
servation was made in the vicinity of Sandberg Pass, forty (40) miles
North of Bakersfield, California, at approximately 20 PST, 25 Feb-
ruary 1949. No other persons were found who had witnessed the flight
of this object. Guide to investigation of unidentified aerial ob-
jects, which was furnished this office by Air Materiel Command, was
used during the interrogation.

b. Lt ——— is a student of Industrial Arts at Fresno State
Teachers College, Fresno, California, appeared to be an earnest young
man, rather quiet and reserved, with no particular aptitude for self-
expression. He is regarded as sober and respectable and enjoys a
good reputation among his associates. In the school. In the opinion
of the Investigating Officer, Lt ——— would have neither the inclina-
tion nor the ability to construct this report in a wild flight of
fancy.

c. Lt ——— was first interviewed on 22 March 1949. He re-
ported that at the time of the observation he had been seated in the
left pilot's seat of a P-61 aircraft, flying the return leg of a round
robin cross country proficiency flight from Fresno Air Terminal to
Los Angeles and return. The object which he observed was roughly

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
```