The provided image contains no photographs; it is a page of text. Here is the text transcribed:

---
January 14, 1950

Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright Field
Dayton, Ohio

UNCLASSIFIED 

SUBJECT: Project Saucer

On May 12, 1949 at approximately 5:00 p.m., Central Daylight Time I was flying on course from South Bend, Indiana to Sky Harbor Airport, Indianapolis and was at a position approximately halfway between Westfield and Cicero, Indiana, marked "C" on the accompanying chart, As I remember it, there were light widely scattered clouds between 5000 and 6000 feet. I was flying at 10000 feet, approximately due south heading, by myself in a Cessna 120, NC7714, owned by Sky Harbor, Inc.

At that time, I had 155 hours of solo, 28 hours dual, 56 hours cross country, and 2 hours of night flying logged; at present, I have 208 hours solo and 82 hours cross country logged. I am a photographer, and have been for the past 13 years; was a photographer during most of my five years of army experience.

At the above mentioned time and place I saw at a heading of approximately 130° what I thought to be an airliner. Upon watching it further as our course seemed to be converging I saw it was moving at a speed more rapid than an airliner normally travels. It was larger than a jet, so when it crossed over McCordsville (marked "A" on the accompanying chart), I started my chronograph and kept the object in sight until a degree heading of approximately 250° was reached. At that time it vanished into the sunlight at a point I plotted on the map, marked at approximately "B".

I definitely saw the object cross on a westerly course from "A" to "B", approximately crossing over Castleton and Nora, which are two prominent landmarks in that area. When it approached McCordsville I tried my chronograph just to see how fast it was going and kept it in sight from position "A" accurate to approximate position "B" for a period of one minute and twenty seconds. I immediately tried to raise Indianapolis radio, but the transmitter was not strong enough to raise them.

On arriving back at the airport I waited until my instructor, Gordon Schwartz, CFI #74980, who resides at Lawrence, Indiana, employed by Sky Harbor, Inc., Indianapolis, Indiana, returned from an instructional hop, and discussed the incident with him. He suggested that I forget about the incident as the papers and magazines had carried it as a hoax, hallucination, publicity, etc. I proceeded to forget about the incident. Upon reading the article in the current issue of True Magazine, I discussed the incident again with my instructor and with other peoples. So I have decided to make this report in spite of denials in the papers and the fact that there is no evidence but my own to substantiate it.
---