The image provided contains text but does not appear to contain any photographs. The content of the text in the image is as follows:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

(2) Absence of traffic except in a few instances which the
object apparently was operating under high perform-
mance conditions.

(3) Circular or elliptical in shape, flat on bottom and
domed on top.

(4) Several reports of well kept formation flights varying
from three to nine objects.

(5) Normally no associated sound, except in three instances
a substantial rumbling roar was noted.

(6) Level flight speeds normally above 300 knots are esti-
mated.

f. It is possible within the present U. S. knowledge — pro-
vided extensive detailed development is undertaken — to construct
piloted aircraft which has the general description of the object in sub-
paragraph (c) above which would be capable of an approximate range of
7000 miles at subsonic speeds.

g. Any developments in this country along the lines indicated
would be extremely expensive, time-consuming and at the considerable ex-
pense of current project and therefore, if directed, should be set up in-

dependently of existing projects.

h. Due consideration must be given the following-

(1) The possibility that these objects are of domestic
origin, the product of some high security project
not known to AC/AS-2 of this Command.

(2) The lack of physical evidence in the shape of crash
recovered exhibits which would undeniably prove the
existence of these objects.

(3) The possibility that some foreign nation has a form
of propulsion, possibly nuclear, which is outside of
our domestic knowledge.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YR. INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

3. It is recommended that:-

Headquarters Army Air Force issue a directive assigning
a priority...REQUISITION...with the...detailed study of
this matter to include the preparation of a detailed technical 
AND pertinent data which will then be made available to the ARMY, NAVY,
Atomic Energy Commission NHB...the Air Force Scientific Advisory Group,
NACA and the RAND and NEPA Projects for comment and recommendations
with a preliminary report to be forwarded within 15 days of receipt of 
the data and definite report to be completed within 30 days of the data.

UNCLASSIFIED

V-39552
```