The image you have provided does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page with typewritten text, some of which has been redacted. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

---

DEPT/TZ:

1. Headquarters Fourth Army on 9 June 1949, furnished report of unidentified objects which [REDACTED] in New Orleans, La. Three separate reports were submitted on incidents which occurred on 16, 19, and 25 May 1949.

2. At [REDACTED] hours, 16 May [REDACTED], observed an object while sitting on the back doorstep of her home. Incident occurred the object to a single engine naval training craft, estimate time it was silver in color, but missioned an ordinary circular plate. The object was in sight for ten minutes and was approximately 1-1/2 miles distant, moving in a generally east to west direction. Object flew on a level plane and made no maneuvers, but was unobstructed on its easterly flight, at a slow and comparable to that the naval training plane. Observation and which informant advises was made 1210 hours, 16 May 1949, making report contented that this incident may have been influenced by a discussion with [REDACTED] which is set forth in the following paragraph.

3. On 19 May 1949, at 1615 hours, [REDACTED] attention when it was attracted to a distant edge one spouse aloft. Her attention was attracted by the sun's reflection from it. The object appeared to be a flat, round disc, comparable in size to that of a small airplane, the informant giving the object for approximately five minutes, during which time it moved in a direction from east to west. The object veiled the object to be between 250 and 170 miles per hour in speed, and the object travelled on a level plane made no maneuvers. In both of this observation incidents the weather was clear and the light conditions were good, both interviews were conducted on 23 May 1949, and reports were submitted directly to HQ. Copies of original "guide to Investigation - Unidentified Aerial Objects" on file at DO #10.

4. On 23 May 1949 at 1350 hours, [REDACTED] St., New Orleans, La., observed an object at a distance of approximately 1-1/2 miles. Informant's thirteen-year-old soon first noted the object and attracted his mother's attention. The object appeared to be round, compared to a weather balloon, gray in color, and was moving from south to north-east. Object was in sight for approximately 30 seconds, and informant compared the speed to that of a small observation plane. No maneuvers were noted. Informants considered to be reliable, and not in the habit of telling falsehoods, or exaggerating. Report furnished directly to AMC by Fourth Army. Copy is on file at DO #10.

2 UNCLASSIFIED

--- 

The redacted portions are marked with black boxes and some annotations such as "A/C" have been made on the document, presumably by someone reviewing the document at a later time.