The document does not contain any photograph. It consists of typewritten text on a form. Here is the text as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) would output it:

```
Page 2 Incident 375

Name and address of observer: [REDACTED] TSXGF, WPAFB

Occupation and hobbies: U.S. Army Liaison Pilot with 2000 hours credit

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

NARRATIVE SUMMARY
On 23 June 1949, this agent, accompanied by [REDACTED] Maj. USAF, Special
Analysis Section, Technical Intelligence Division, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio, interviewed [REDACTED] TSXGF, [REDACTED] Air Force Forces,
Liaison Section, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio. [REDACTED] stated
that on 24 June 1949, at 1745 hours, while flying alone in L-17 (Ryan Navion)
heading north at five thousand feet altitude and directly over the Urbana, Ohio air-
port, he sighted what at first appeared to be a rocket powered guided missile. How-
ever, on taking a second look, [REDACTED] stated it appeared to be a meteor like
body. The object: first noticed by the long trailing flames, seemed to spurt out of
a bright bank which was building to the northwest. It was [REDACTED] round in shape,
a cloud orange: ball, with a tail of flame which was mixed orange and blue and a
pale blue at the trailing end, when first seen the object was about 15째 to the west
of north, and traveled for three to-cl at in a straight path with a slight down.
When directly north of [REDACTED] it was about 10째 above his gyro level and he judged
it to be about fifty or more miles distant. In a period o. three or four seconds
the object covered an angular distance of 90째 to 120째 at which time it disappeared,
apparently burning out. There was no marked change in its intensity; or of the diameter of
the object up to the time that it disappeared. [REDACTED] judged the tail to be
between two and three finger widths, at arms length, in length; and the tail to be 
roughly ten times the diameter of the object in length. The tail appeared to become
shorter as the object progressed. There was no sound, odor, or radio interference
noticed by the Major. Visibility at the time of the sighting was about fifteen
miles. There was no cloud background for the object other than a haze at the horizon.
In flying; over no glasses but viewed the object through the canopy of the plane.
In flying over the general area in which the object disappeared, Major [REDACTED] could observe
nothing unusual in the terrain.

The Major has flown for approximately two thousand hours over a period of ten
years. He has witnessed the firing of such rockets as the V-2, the JB-2 or V-1, and
the WAC CPL. The Major's hobbies are flying, photography, and sports.
```

Please note that some parts have been redacted.