There are no photographs in this image. The image contains a page with text. Here is the transcription of the text:

```
STATEMENT                                            UNCLASSIFIE

At approximately 5:45 P.M., on 28 April 1949 I sighted an object in the 
sky NE of Tuscon, Arizona, just over the rim of the Catalina Mountains. This 
object was very brilliant, appeared to be reflecting the sun shine. From 
my point of observation, this object was sighted at approximately a 
30 degree angle of elevation and I would judge it to be at that time about 
300 miles NE of Tuscon. This object was in sight for approximately 2 minutes 
after which time it disappeared to the SW, just suddenly fading from view 
in the distance. It appeared to be traveling in a curved trajectory, but 
I believe this to be deceptive, traveling in a straight line and from my point of 
observation, the illusion was curved. I would judge this object to be traveling 
in excess of 500 miles an hour at an altitude from 5 to 10 miles up. 
It appeared to assume like in shape, with no fins, wings or protuberances 
of any sort. It seemed to be revolving similar to a slow roll of the sun? 
It was most visible when it reached a position where it reflected a strong 
light, it was also evident upon shine of the object when no reflections were 
visible. From the hight and size of the object in the air, and if it was 
placed on the ground, I would judge it to be the size of a city block. I did 
not hear any noise nor were there any exhaust trails.

I was in the company of Mr. Campbell and Mr. East and the three of us 
were standing in the open car topside area, and hadn't notice me while 
this object was in sight. There were no condensation visible, window or any 
other identifiable marks. The only way I can describe is that it was 
shaped like in shine. I assume that this was not a conventional aircraft 
and to the best of my knowledge and belief I can give no reasonable explanation 
as to exactly what this object was that I saw.

                                              [signature redacted]
                                                 1st Lt.      USAF

Tuscon, Arizona

                                                                                 UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
```

The specific signature and the name of the person are redacted as per the instructions provided.