The document contains no photograph or visual image; it is all text. Here is the text from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

Subject:     286

Observation and Following:
Former Pilot -Major in active USAF
Has 2200 hors [sic] Flying time

Questions re Interesting relative to intelligence and character of
[Redacted]

I had occasion to stay from home, located approximately
my attention was diverted to a clicking noise of considerable intensity. I stopped
on the sidewalk about 20 feet from the steps and stood facing in a southerly direction
to be in this lay in an area about 400 ft from the surface of the earth in an easterly direc-
tion. The sky condition was 20,000 thin broken with 12 miles visibility and surface
winds were reported as North 9 mph at Castle Air Force weather station. My home is
approx. 7 miles south of Castle and in an area somewhat sheltered from surface winds
and no appreciable surface wind was apparent at the time the aural observation was
made. After about ten seconds of looking into the area described previously as being
the source of this sound, an object was observed blanking out stars in describing
a flight path in a west or northwesterly direction. Only one object was apparent;
this object can be described as only a solid mass. Its size can be estimated as a 4 or 5
foot in diameter resembling in relative size a round solid ordinarily less than
1,000 ft. away from my home which are estimated to be two miles or so in diameter,
and appear to be of dull surfaced, light colored metal. The only ground lights of
intensity was a row of street lights behind me one half block which had the same to
build the under surface of this object to be curved in shape.

This object when first sighted, was moving very slowly in a West or Northwesterly
direction. I would estimate that I had it in my range of vision for 35 seconds,
after having heard it about ten seconds before locating it. It passed on beyond the
house and maneuvered through an arc turn to the left of about 90°, this clicking
sound was continuous throughout this turn, however, it became louder on the object
heading of south or southwest. On its return the clicking sound became louder, but
I was unable to see it at this time. The clicking sound stopped zzz when it was at
its greatest intensity and appeared to come from a position directly overhead. I was
unable to tag the object after the sound stopped.

This clicking sound sustained the same pitch and speed throughout the entire
course observed, but intensity varied. The zzz was no whistle or roar, but only the
clicking noise which might be compared to bearings of a home mixer that runs with pro-
per oil and no light on planes of zzz or observed during this entire time nor was any
action of the previous described reflections from its entire full aspect of shininess
of any normal part.

[Redacted] was in the back yard maybe, asleep in a kennel at a distance of
[Redacted] ft. throughout its course, she had been romping with me on coming out of
the house, was attentive when word to go by the zzz stopped her attention to the pre
viously described area. The clicking sound might have been unusual to the dog, but
there is a possibility of sounds on wavelengths disagreeable only to the dogs being emitted.

UNCLASSIFIED

---

(Note: "zzz" represents parts of the text that are either redacted or illegible.)