The document does not contain any photographs, it only has text. Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
CALDWELL, et al - 24-993

was not worth taking away, and left empty-handed. ------ remembered that
the engine was missing at this time, but stated that he knew nothing about
it.

AGENT'S NOTES: ------- was very reluctant 
to talk to this Agent. He continually made the statement, "I don't know 
nothing, I always mind my own business, and this thing is no business of 
mine, or my ideas."

On 18 August 1949, Mr. ------- was confronted with the al-
leged information that the engine to the Gray Goose had been repaired in
the shop of his Glen Burnie Airport within the past year by Trooper HARDUIGH.
Although ------- had denied in a previous interview any knowledge of the
engine, he suddenly remembered that an IRA LOUIS S. CRISWELL, a student of
------, had approached him to buy a Mercury engine. Mr. ------- stated
that CRISWELL was employed by the Glen Burnie Post Office.

AGENT'S NOTES: During this entire investigation, Mr. --------

On 18 August 1949, Mr. --------, Carrier, was interviewed
at the Glen Burnie Post Office, and stated that he had removed the engine,
fuel tanks and wiring from the Gray Goose about a year ago, with the per-
mission of ------- and now had the engine in his basement. The engine
was completely disassembled. Trooper HARDUIGH instructed ------- to re-
assemble the engine and bring it to his house as soon as possible.

On 18 August 1949, Mr. -------, 924 Wilmont Court, Baltimore
2, Maryland, was contacted concerning an artist's conception of flying
discs reported seen by him on 29 June 1949. The 4th District, OSI, con-
ducted an investigation of this incident and rendered a Finding, report,
dated 18 July 1949, under Case #24-786. Special Agent BULK described the
Glenn Lourcle models to ------- and he made a drawing of both models from this
description. A photograph of this drawing is enclosed as an exhibit.

On 19 August 1949, a detail of Five (5) men and driver, accompanied
by Special Agent VON MACHLER, proceeded from Camp Holabird, Baltimore,
Maryland, to Aviatron Crossing, Maryland, and an Army truck, 1-1/2 ton,
2 x 4, loaned to the Baltimore Detachment, 4th OSI District by the Camp
Holabird Motor Pool. The truck departed from Camp Holabird at approxi-
mately 1250 and arrived at the home of State Trooper JESSE J. HARDUIGH,
Maryland State Police, near Glenn burnie, Maryland, at 1350 hours.
Details, accompanied by Trooper HARDUIGH, went to the tobacco shed on the 
property Farm and loaded and removed the "Gray Goose" to a place in the rear
of the garage at the home of Trooper HARDUIGH. HARDUIGH had received per-
mission to remove the objects from the property by the tenant, owner.

UNCLASSIFIED
―6―
```

Please note that redactions are indicated with dashed lines (-------) to represent the removal of personal information or sensitive data in accordance with the standards of document classification.