The image does not contain any photographs. Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Page 2                                         Incident      321

Name and address of observer:            National Parks Assse,          

Occupation and hobbies:                          National Parks Association


Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

At 2015 p.m., at Olney, Maryland, I glanced at the sky and noticed a fairly
wide streak of ribbon or luminosity, perhaps a degree in width, which seemed to be
extending itself irregularly downward as I watched. I focused my 7 x 50 binoculars on
this light, and saw what was reported as a long cloud of luminosity, with no sharp 
boundaries. The first few minutes, I saw that the cloud extended no nearly
and seemed to glow or scintillate about as much as the zenith to about 15 degrees of the
southern horizon. The ends were thin, evenly toward across the entire band, but the
central portion assumed the feature of two parallel lines of light, marking the edges
of the ribbon, then became increasingly bright.

The whole mass in motion, for in about a minute it turned toward the east,
and the bright portion in mashed up, with a distinct curl of light rising from its
while the edge of the fainter part of the ribbon broke into two arms, one upward to
the east, the other downward to the south. Finally, about two minutes later, the 
brighter portion, moving fairly rapidly eastward, but at about a constant altitude,
had ceased to form a broad, bluntly pointed head (somewhat like a large comet), 
with two dimmer tails curving upward and downward. In another minute, the whole had
faded, but did not entirely die out for perhaps three minutes more.

I am sufficiently familiar with astronomical occurrences to be sure this was
not a meteoritic phenomenon nor a display of aurora borealis, and it certainly was not
a comet. It may well be something quite normal of occurrence, and if so, I should 
appreciate your kindness in laying one of the staff of the observatory subject to me
what it may have been.
```