There are no photographs present in this document.

Here is the text from the document:

---
7. In interview on this date, --- ---- Street, Dallas, Texas, stated that at 0200 hours, on 7 
1949, from the front yard of 1205 Elm - Dice Street, in attic Astrat was 
objects of the si... size, evenly spaced, followin like a ...'s tail. 
Objects were described as being about half the size of a man's fist 
at arm's length, were fluorescent white in color, with silvery occlus - 
tion. Shape of the objects were circular, with comparatively mone-
like a clam shell. The objects were 2-1/2 to 3 miles from this observer 
when first seen, and were in sight for approximately 20 minutes. A very 
good estimate, as the objects rose perpendicular until they were a 
faded glitter, being about 10 miles directly above. The objects made a 
spiral climb, being slow in circles per outward time. --- --- agreed 
in his estimation that objects rose to a fall out in any one spot like 
Office Department, and a close-clos man. Interrogator stated what is is 
sincere and appeared interested in the matter and expressed himself very 
well.

8. On 25 May 1949, Mrs. --- --- --- Street, 
Dallas, was interviewed and stated substantially then ... as her husband 
had in the interview set forth above. The interrogator expressed the 
opinion that Mrs. ----'s intelligence seemed to be below average an 
the character of her information was questionable.

9. On 25 May 1949, 1r. --- --- --- Barrott Street, Dallas, 
Texas was interviewed and stated that at 2045 hours, from the front yar-
of --- --- Barrott Street, he saw four to eight or more objects in the air 
an estimated 30,000 feet. The objects were described as being a sorce- 
head with a round object in the cncter, and were about the size of a 50¢ 
piece held at arm's length. Color varied from that of red and orange and 
the objects were in sight from three to six seconds. The objects did 
not reflect light, but appeared to be translucent, all were moving at an 
estimated speed of 1,500 to 30,000 miles per hour arily flying in a fixed curve 
toward east, south-east. Ir. ----, has an iq ... ... made in question and 
and according to the interrogator, has an intelligence and character in keep- 
Ing with that of his profession. Copies of report form 'Guide to Inves- 
tigation - Unidentified aerial Objects' furnished to A:C by Fourth Army. 
Copy of these reports retained in files of I/O #10.

10. On 1 June 1949, this office received a letter from Asst. Chief 
of Staff, G-2, Fourth Army, which attached a report of an unconventional 
aircraft observed at Fort Bliss, Texas. Object was observed by thirteen 
enlisted men and was in sight for approximately five minutes. Copy of 
the letter as received from Fort Bliss in attached. Copies of sketches 
referred to in cited letter retained in office file #10.
[UNCLASSIFIED]
---