There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Below is the text found in the document:

```
Page 2

CONFIDENTIAL
                                             (Unidentified)
Name and address of observer:          UNCLAS1FIED
                                       Los Angeles, California

Occupation and hobbies:                Private Pilot over 2,000 hours (1300 Navy)
                                       Jet & In Univ. (Inactive)

Comments of Interviewer relative to observer and character of
observer(s):  appears conservative, sincere, absolutely reliable and very
competent.

NARRATIVE SUMMARY: On Friday, 27 May 1949, ------------
---------------, Los Angeles, California, was flying his privately owned SNJ-type aircraft from
Red Bluff, California, to Burns, Oregon. He departed Red Bluff at 1552 hours P.S.T.
and arrived at Burns at 1644 hours P.S.T. At 1615 hours, same date, 1.3 hours before
sun reflecting on an object, or objects, at a considerable distance ahead and a few
points to the starboard. He continued to watch the course taken by the reflecting
material, expecting it to materialise into a conventional aircraft as the distance
lessened between him and the object or objects. As the objects reached the long bluffs
(shown on the Boise (V-2) aeronautical chart swing in a mountain) which run for a number
miles along the east side of some dry lakes (Swan, Flagstaff, Campbell and Stone
Corral Lakes), he observed that instead of a single object there were several which
seemed to be flying in formation as the point of the object appeared to have changed
their course so that they were parallelling his course and were following the bluffs'
rim at about 1000 to 1500 feet below him. He did state that at a distance which he estimates
to have been 5-10 to 7-1/2 miles, all trace and dirt roads no where to be seen as
to ten (10) miles into the bluffs were less than ten (10) miles away and he could see
the objects outlined against the bluffs.

The objects that ------------ saw are described by him as follows:

Size of each object: Considerably smaller than a fighter plane, probably less
than 20 ft in length. All of the separate objects appeared to be the same in size.
Shape of object: There was no truck in the outline. ---- is certain he would
have recognized conventional aircraft, they had a solid configuration, and no great
thickness. They were elongated ovals, perhaps two among and twice as think.
he observed the objects from an angle from above and could not easily estimate their
thickness they could possibly have been egg-shaped, and could conceivably have been
perfectly oval. The objects seemed definitely solid objects - there was nothing
ethereal about them.

Speed of objects: ------------ is confident they were traveling at least as fast as his
own plane (MPH 125) as they had a trail wind of 15 to 18 MPH and the objects would
therefore have been doing over 230 MPH air speed. The objects were traveling south/
southwest, opposite to ------------'s course. Calculating the speed of the objects, several
different ways from the facts at hand, the speed of the objects varies between 150 to
260 MPH. Slight contrails at the time of observation the he could not possibly have turned
around and caught up with the objects. They were definitely traveling faster than
a group of birds, and slower than Jet planes. No trail of smoke or exhaust was observed.
The speed of the objects appeared to be steady.

                                                   UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the quality of the document, some parts of the text are illegible or uncertain, which are indicated by dashed lines (-------) where appropriate.