The image contains no photographs, only text which appears to be a scanned copy of a typed document. I'll transcribe the text for you:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

19 OSI 2L-2-21

DETAILS: (Cont'd)

Aircraft Commander 1st Lt. GLENN D. MILL
Pilot, 1st Lt. WESLEY HAMILTON
Navigator 1st Lt. JOHN HAYT
Weather Observer 1st Lt. PHILIP L. HALE
Flight Engineer T/Sgt CURTIN E. PREIBACKER
Radio Operator S/Sgt ERIN CRANMORE
Radio Operator S/Sgt LEONARD SPIEMAN
Radar Observer T/Sgt CHESTER ARFORD
Scanner S/Sgt VICTOR POULIN

On 27 August 1949, 1st Lt JOHN HAYT, AO-769496, Navigator, 374th Recon Sq. (VLR) Weather, Fairfield-Suisun AFB, California, was interviewed and stated in substance: On 2 august 1949 while on a "Lark Dog" Weather mission out of Fairfield-Suisun AFB, California, at approximately position number six (6) 44 degrees 15 minutes North and 132 degrees and 57 minutes West at 1729 hours he observed an unusual formation of what appeared to be either contrails or clouds at a clock position of 10 o'clock high. When the formation was first sighted, segments of a cloud-like trail were observed coming out of the clouds which formed an undercast of approximately five tenths (5/10) and coverage at fifteen hundred (1500) feet. MIT stated that after first observing the formations he had directed turrets in that additional segments of the cloud-like strewn had been formed and had joined together with the first segments, behind the aircraft covered portions of the undercast. The streaks appeared to have been formed out of the tops of clouds coming up undercast at approximately 1500 feet, and ascended at an angle of approximately 35 degrees to an altitude of approximately fifteen thousand (15,000) feet and continued at an angle of approximately 17 degrees to the horizon to approximately seventeen thousand (17,000) feet. The aircraft of "Lark Dog" mission was turned off course and photographs were taken by the aircraft commander. MIT advised that in his opinion the head of the formation was bearing towards the western coasts of the United States which was approximately four hundred (400) miles distant. MIT further advised that in his opinion if the aircraft of "Lark Dog" mission had assumes the track of the cloud-like formation, the approximate landfall would have been Eureka, California. MIT stated that the intense of the trail were broken in several areas and at one the formation end that the period of observation the cloud did not disappear through evaporation but was lost to sight after "Lark Dog" mission continued on the scheduled flight. MIT further stated that there was approximately 1/10th to 2/10ths scattered cloud coverage above fifteen hundred (1500) feet, MIT stated that estimates concerning the altitude, and distance from observation, of the unusual formation were difficult to make because there were no known objects for

-3- UNCLASSIFIED
---

This document is a declassified report from Project Blue Book relating to an unidentified flying object sighting.