The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text as an OCR system would transcribe it from the document:

---

Of course, if we allow the Martians to refiol, the vehicle
could have only two stafes* and the gross wei^t would be only
(10^2)* times the payload, i.e., 250,000 pounds. This would
require bruntinf; electrolytics and refrigerating equipment and
sirma at the South Pole lon¿ enouph to extract fuel for the journey h^re,
since they have not asked us for supplies. Our oceans (electrolysis
to make R^) would be obvious to Martion telescopes and they might
conceiv^iislv follow such a plan, particularly if they came harp without
foreknowledge tVitt Earth has a civilization.

Requirements for a trip from a planet attached to some star
other than the Sun can be calculated in a similar manner. Here the
enerpy (or velocity) required has more parts: (a) escape from the
planet (b) escape from the star (c) enough velocity to traverse a
few light years of space in reasonable time (d) deceleration toward
the Sun (e) deceleratoon toward the Earth. The nearest "eligible"
star is an object called Wolf 359 (barnes name), 4°2t9 L*, at a
distance of 8.0 light years. It is small, havinq an absolute maq-
nitude of 16.6 and its typical of "red dwarfs" which make up more
than half of the eli»ible populations. By comparison with similar
stars of known mass, this star is estimated to have a mass ?nly
1/03 as great as the sun. since the sun starts has a low luminosity (being
much cooler and smaller than the Sun) a habitable planet would need
to be in a small orbit for warmth.

Of the chan^es of energy required as listed ln the preceeding
paragraph, item (c), velocity to traverse intervening space, is so
large as to make the others compatible nealible. If the visitors
were long lived and could "hibernate" for 30 years both coming and
going, then velocity of speed of 1%'' would be required, i.e., the
enormous 'V of the 19, 29, or 39 that some theories imple
beyond the reach of any predicted level of rocket propulsion.

If a race were far enough advanced to make really efficient use
of nuclear energy, then a 1% pa^'t of the mass of the nuclear ma-
terial might be converted into jet energy, We have no idea how
to do this, in fact perfacet??, Jet.id.ees that the attaljas required
to withstand the temperatures encountered by tne extremely h^to-
able. Let us start from a Je_t propelled inte^-mass-weiqht ratio of
75. If the total amount of expendable material (nuclear plus prooell-
ent) can be .85 of the gross weii^ht, then the nuclear material expended
can be .10 of the gross. Using an effclency of .5 for converting
nuclear energy to jet enrez and neglectinq rolstiviitic mass cor-
rections, then a rocket velocity of half the velocity of 1:ht would
be attained. This would mean a tran^stime of 16 years each way from
the star Wolf 359, or longer times from other eligible stars. To try
to go much faster would mean spendinq much energ;r on relativistic change
in mass and therefore opera-ing at lowered efflcency.

* Actually three stages. On the trip to Earth, the first sta"e would
be filled with fuel, the second sta:^' would contain partial fuel, the
third would be empty. The first sta^ge would be thrown away during
flight. On the trip back to Mars, the second and third stages would he
filled with fuel. The gross wei^ht of the Initial vehicle would be of
the order of magnitude of a two-stage rockQt.

35

---