The image does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. Here is the text output from the document:

COPY
Box 481
Wilson, North Carolina
October 24, 1949

UNCLASSIFIED

From: LCDR
To: District Intelligence Officer, 6th ND
Subj: Unexplained aerial object, Sighting of -

The undersigned officer sighted an unexplained air borne object at 1638 o'clock on the 23rd day of October 1949, from his premises in the Town of Wilson, North Carolina, under the following circumstances:

The undersigned was out of doors in the company of four children from eleven to twelve years of age. The sky was cloudless. Surface wind was from the north, moving approximately four miles per hour. From official weather reports secured later, the surface winds maintained the same direction in the upper atmosphere and gradually increased in strength to about forty-two miles an hour at ten thousand feet. The sun had just dipped completely behind a screen of trees and the entire western segment of the sky was brightly illuminated.

At the time mentioned, the undersigned heard the sound of an airplane going to ther northwest. A military plane, appearing to be a P-47, was sighted in the northwest traveling from north to south at an altitude of from 5,000 to 7,500 feet on a course which it is estimated would carry it from two to three miles west of the position occupied by the writer. At approximately the proceeding, at maximum speed. Upon their attention being called to the plane, the children, in looking for it, sighted an object which was not an airplane in the southwest sector of the sky. This writer and all of the children then directed their attention to this object. At this instant the plane previously referred to was north of the sun. The object was south of the sun with the angle between the plane and the object from the writers position, being estimated at from a 45 degree to a 60-degree arc measured on the horizon. The object was round, white, and shiny. It is estimated that it was at a height of from 20,000 to 30,000 feet. It appeared to be traveling in a southerly direction on the same course as the plane referred to but was at a much greater altitude and appeared to be traveling with much greater speed than the plane. Although the object was round, it was impossible to tell whether it was disc shaped or spherical. This object remained in the writer's view for a period from 30 seconds to one minute. It maintained an even course and constant rate of speed. It is emphasized that it was apparently much faster than the plane. No clouds were observed in the sky. Its comparative size is estimated to be one-half the length of the fuselage of the plane previously referred to.

UNCLASSIFIED

COPY

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10