There is no photograph present in the image provided. It contains only text. Here is the OCR output of the text present in the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED/CONFIDENTIAL

NAD 67512

The Source, ███████ while interned in Pi camp 7786/10 A, was
working as a handyman in an auto repair shop at Moscow (55/45 N - 37/35 E).

Reference is made to inclosure #1, this report, a memory sketch of an
unknown flying object which was observed by Source while he was interned in Pi
camp 7786/10 A at Moscow. Source observed the object on two occasions. The
first time, he worked at a marshalling yard where he unloaded construction
material from freight cars, pinpointed as point #1, inclosure #1, report #827 A.
The second time, he saw the object from his place of work at Ts AVIAVO on the nor-
thern outskirts of Moscow, when he worked as a handyman on the construction of
an apartment building, pinpointed as point #3, inclosure 1, report #827 A.
The area over which the object was seen is pinpointed as point #3, inclosure #1,
report #827 A, which was restricted to the best, of Source's memory. Source
could not give a description of the area as he was too far away from it, both
times the object was seen above the same site. The attention of the P's at
work was attracted to the object when suddenly a fellow P exclaimed: "Look,
there is that over there in the sky." When looking in the direction in which
the PW was pointing, Source got sight of an unknown flying object which he had never
seen, and of which he had never heard before. The Russian workers were as sur-
prised as the German PWs and discussed what it could be. They could not find
an answer to it, and were of the opinion that it was something new and that it
had nothing to do with a meteorological station. As there was no advertising in
Russia, it was impossible that it was something of that kind, especially as the
strange arrangement of the parts of this object would not have been of any sense
for advertising. Source stated that there were cumulus clouds in the sky the
first time he saw the object. He estimated that the object had an altitude of
about 5,000 meters, judging from its distance from the surface of the earth and

Fall of 1999                 CONFIDENTIAL
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.        
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

---