The image contains no photographs. Here is the text from the document:

---
"Flying Saucers—There Aren't Any, AF Decides

WASHINGTON, Dec. 30—After chewing up on 35 rush orders over the holiday weekend, the Air Force has concluded there aren't any flying saucers. 
"It took just three special agents from the USAF’s air materiel command, nine top rank university consultants to track down the rumors of strange disks whizzing through the air. 
"Last night the Air Force said through military spokesmen The "investigation started by the Air Materiel Command at Wright-Patterson on June 24. 1947, has come to a definite conclusion—there is nothing and never has been, proved nor indicated. There were not the results of anything man-made, experimental devices or natural phenomena. 
"Rather, the investigation of various conventional phenomena made from -as far as the service can ascertain—the flying saucer mystery was the figment of a vivid or inexperienced imagination of those seeing them, or various conventional objects. 

Probe is Ended

AF Concludes Flying Saucer Is Just a Myth

The Air Force yesterday exploded the "flying saucer" myth. 
It said in no abusive terms, investigating disk-like objects reports and strange occurrences proved a colossal error of some optical habits established is real. When the reports on 35 rush turned conventional interpretation of things from... (text is obscured by paper damage) "The interstellar is so monstrous of the hysteria oroduced that mass hysteria see ideas."
The Air Force has said it has discovered a notable "automatic buyer" set up at Wright Field at Dayton, 0., to study the phenomena. There is no evidence the reporta are not the result of natural phenonemena. 
The statement was is issued after Truman made said in his current issue that "informed authorities" believed the saucers are interplanetary spaceships manned by half-pint civilized beings.
     
"Flying Saucers Are Interplanetary Spaceships, Says 

Stearman Says Saucers Are Interplanetary Spaceships

NEW YORK, Dec, 27—(HTNS)—Emery Tittel, syndicated Skygazing columnist, declared flatly tody that "flying saucers" are devices piloted by unknown inhabitants to penetrate a formidable "blind" in cosmic radiations which baffles earthbound moonwatchers. 

He made his announcement on Long Island just before Dr. Craig Hunter Stedman stated flatly that his study is of the "metaphysical." Assistant Editor of Flying, Otto Binder (A) said USAF personnel flatly that the saucers are religious in particle by the perfected theory has able. (text is obscured by paper damage)
What would otherwise be possible, I'd put flatfoot this, how would The Air Force Magazine Carry. The Air has been working very choicely within Defense skyline over some major kinks left on the (a few) problems they have. 
While the saucer sources most remote to go back on and the mystery quotes, all the hide a nothing there or something to these late the re- saucers are to interpretation by the viewers ?"


 FLYING SAUCERS STUDY !? WHAT IS A FLYING SAUCERS?

 BASING ITS conclusions on an original investigation by John D. Kraus, a former Navy flyer and former official of the Department of Commerce at its Aeronautics branch. There seems to be that "considered conclusive that the 
"One"—"Flying saucers are real."
"Two"—The systematic chase even under private Earth job range observations from other planets are shown by "Flying, The Flying Saucers that has less 175 years Earth's atmosphere by the to the obtain - The What Was These temporary retaliatory "things" developed. That they - solar cycle, in mid-century, readings have found no real "flying saucers." 

"Two"—The research squad put that investigation "have shoved off the shore and retrieve" — limited time capsule.

* * *
Flying Saucer Report Denied In Kentucky
More flying saucers.
Last minute Command (AJDC) officials last night of the US flew surveillance reports They would disclose details "suddenly and an Air Force-Sponsored The Wright-Paterson, spokesman Flying Island has taken in. 
A spokesman for the base Wright-Patterson. Air Force has announced. 
The AJDC position that no denied instead of more tapes clear when (A) last summer that a ten meter 
Air Force base. Louisville, Ky. .

According to the report of the Observer at radome (A radar 1515 p. m.) opulent sight of a "discharged their array stored in glove harder than any star," at an altitude of about 700 feet.
However, the Fort Knox belief first sight the object had "later enough holes of reported -tele-nicely" Later identified as Venus, which is undoubtedly bright now. 
The Fort Knox office attributed the weather report to an "unusually brilliant observation," the official said to have seen (A) At AEC incident said similar reports had been received yesterday from North Virginia.

* * *

Those Flying Saucers! Somebody in His Caps! 

It seemed to more than The... 

WASHINGTON, Dec. 27—The U.S. Air Force continued today one the same time of "flying saucer story" range that there were flying saucers lights and other United States Activity. Which, noticing, they may see strange brighter burning predominance through the skies and still keep correctly.
The Air Force used in "Flying Saucer Phenomena" tests of the reports that the unique statement stand up of interest, cosmic array. The reported unexplained phenomena equality of materials were reported, says that polarization.
A relief of acres of mass hysteria (A) Mills (name of magazine, likely cut off in image).

--- 

Please note that the image shows signs of damage and wear, and some words are obscured or incomplete due to paper damage, making full transcription difficult and potentially containing errors.