The image presented is a scanned document page; there are no photographs present.

Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
Attn to HQ, AMC, WPAFB, Dayton, Ohio to CO, A/C Subj: Project "Grudge"
August 3, 1949

000.92                                          1st Ind

Air Force Cambridge Research Lab storres, 230 Albany Street, Cambridge 37, Mass.

TO: CC, AMC, WPAFB, Dayton 2, Ohio attn: CI/AS

    1. In accordance with basic communication, the following co...ents of Dr. A. F. Joos, Jr., Chief, Terrestrial Science Laboratory, are tra....itted for your information that (A) Frothy gas content with ir...idence is the development of constant level balloons. I know this to be a careful observer. Because he has been flying such balloon...any possibilities of such reports of unidentified objects being ..te to the balloons had been discussed with him as well as the observational methods which would yield a maximum amount of information. His re..rt is the best evidence that I have seen that the phenomenon is real. (B) Confer...the eva...al votns of Mr. Shell, the only possible explanation is that the object was a chain of meteorological balloons. This expl...on is very firm... other because the balloons will jet through...ut. That could not have been due to any Terrestrial Science Laboratory activities. (C) I can offer no logical explanation of the phenomenon. I believe that in both cases something real was seen.

    2. If any further information is desired concerning this pro..ect, your request will receive immediate attention and cooperation of this station.

                                                FOR THE COMMANDING OFFIC..t

3 Incls.                                  WILLIAM CLARK GRIGG
a/s                                          Chief, Plans and Operations Section
                                                Base Directorate for
                                                Geophysical Res. Sch

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOP, DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the quality of the scanned document, several words are cut off or illegible. Ellipses (...) have been used to indicate these gaps in the text.