The image provided is a black and white scanned document page and does not contain any photographs. The text on the document reads as follows:

Page 2 [Redacted] Incident

Name and address of observer: Mr. & Mrs. [Redacted] Union, Ohio

Occupation and hobbies;
National Cash Register employee
Housewife

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

[Redacted] of Union, Ohio, housewife, was interviewed on 15 June 1949 and stated that she observed an unidentified aerial object between 1400 and 1500 hours on 5 June 1949, from the rear of their farm, which is located approximately one and a half miles north of Union, Ohio, on route 48, Mrs. [Redacted] was looking for airplanes from the naval reserve, Columbus, Ohio when the object arrived at a forty-five-degree angle in the northwest, traveling southeast. The object went directly overhead, and disappeared from sight at approximately the same angle. The object was described as shiny as polished aluminum, twenty to thirty-feet in diameter, and in color, described the object as being approximately two feet in diameter, probably half the speed of a jet plane, between five and eight thousand feet, with the naked eye forward. The object was in sight for less than two seconds. Mrs. [Redacted] called her husband's attention to the object. [Redacted] an employee of the National Cash Register, Dayton, Ohio, saw the object just after it had passed over the farm. His description of the object corresponded with that of his wife except that the object appeared to be two feet in width, three to four feet in length, did not leave any trail or have any projections. The weather was clear, no wind was blowing, and no planes were in the vicinity at the time, although planes from the airport at Vandalia, Ohio; Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio or the Naval Air Station, Columbus, Ohio, had flown over their farm that day.

(Note: The text contains some redacted information, likely for privacy reasons as it was common practice to remove personal identifying information in declassified government documents.)