There are no photographs present in the provided image.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, here is the output of all the text found in the document image:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

3 November 1952

Subject: Trip to Los Alamos on 23 October 1952

FACTS AND DISCUSSION

1. On 23 October 1952, Col D. L. Bower and Capt E. J. Ruppelt of ATIC
presented a briefing at the Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory. After the briefing
Col Bower and Capt Ruppelt met with seven people from the lab who were interested
in the subject of UFO's.

2. Previous to this meeting, several of the members of the group had met
Capt Ruppelt and Maj I. H. Hearn at a meeting of the Civilian Saucer Investigators
in Los Angeles. At that time these people mentioned having some data on a corre-
lation between the detection of some type of radiation and visual sightings of
UFO's.

3. At the 23 Oct 52 meeting at Los Alamos more details on the above mentioned
subject were obtained. The first incident occurred several years ago at the Mt.
Palomar Observatory in California. A series of green counters had been set up
to study cosmic ray activity. One person involved in the study happened to be
outdoors when he saw a V of V's of shiny objects go over. He immediately went
inside the observatory and found that the counters had just "pinned" (i.e. gone
up to a maximum reading). This naturally aroused the curiosity of the people on
the project and they agreed that if it ever happened again they would look outside.
Some time later it did happen and they looked out and observed a dark object passing
over head.

4. The Navy, it was a Navy comdo ray contract, supposedly investigated,
wrote a report, and concluded that this was all due to a circuit failure.
The people operating the equipment also checked and are claimed to have flatly
denied this saying that due to the circuitry it would be impossible for similar
failures to occur in all the circuits at the same time.

5. Shortly after this occurrence, one of the persons involved in the in-
cidents at Palomar moved to Los Alamos. He continued to be interested and also
interested some friends in setting up the same type of equipment on their own
time. They did this and they also detected unknown radiation. In two instances,
they were able to correlate these with newspaper reports of the sighting of an
UFO. In these instances the people could not get outside to observe and had to
depend on newspaper reports of UFO's for correlations.

6. Similar observations of radiation from an unknown source were made on:

2 Oct 50 - 1921 MST
4 Oct 50 - 1401 MST
9 Oct 50 - 2305 MST
9 Oct 50 - 0855 MST

The equipment was kept in operation until December 1950 with no more mix-ups.
At that time the equipment was dismantled. [Note The above was checked in

UNCLASSIFIED
```