The image you've provided appears to be a scanned textual document, with no photographs present. Below is the text contained in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
AFFIDAVIT

STATE OF NEW MEXICO)
                     ) ss
COUNTY OF CHAVES)

     Personally appeared before me, the undersigned, an officer to admis-
ter oaths in cases of this nature, Staff Sergeant , 
Flight Squadron, 509th Air Base Group, Walker Air Force Base, Roswell,
and, upon being warned of his rights under the 6th Article of War and upon
being duly sworn according to law, deposes and says:

     I was the engineer on AT Airplane No. 49-2656, a C-47 enroute to
Keesler Field, Mississippi, from Roswell Air Force Base on the 4th day of
December, 1949. Major  was the pilot of the afore-mentioned
airplane and I was riding as the co-pilot. While I was occupying the
navigator's seat, approximately 1535 hours, approximately
140 miles west of Keesler Field, at an altitude 9,000 to 10,000 feet,
approximately six to eight miles in front of us at approximately 1000 feet
altitude, S/Sgt.  and I, from a C-47 saw a silver, shiny object
to traveling at a high rate of speed in the same direction our aircraft was
going, I.E., about an azimuth of 92° from this object to the 9 o'clock position
of the aircraft. I watched this object for approximately two minutes before
it disappeared. It was white and can be described as teardrop shaped without
object was. I believe it could have been a reflection.

     Further deponent sayeth not. 

                                  /s/
                              
     Subscribed and sworn to before me this day of December, 1949,
at Walker Air Force Base, Roswell, New Mexico.

                                  /s/ [signature]

                                  PAUL S. CIVIS
                                  Captain, USAF
                                  Summary Courts

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

Incl 1/3
```

Some parts of the text were redacted; therefore, they are not included in the OCR output.