The image does not contain a photograph. Instead, it shows a scanned page from a document with text and a small graphic representation at the bottom. This representation appears to be a simple drawing or a sketch, possibly associated with the UFO report described in the text. The graphic includes three shapes that seem to resemble the descriptions given in the report (a disk body, an edge, and sparks). Here is the text as an OCR output:

FROM: 7050th A.I.S. Wing REPORT NO. 39092-15-485 C
PLACE: DNIEPROPETROVSK EVALUATION: F - 0
POLITICAL LOCATION: Ukrainskaya SSR

PREAMBLE: From Aug 29 to 15 Oct 49 SOURCE worked as a general laborer in the
building combine K.P.P. DOK. in DNIEPROPETROVSK (48/27 N - 34/59 E) from 1800
hours until 0200 hours. At the beginning of Oct, 49 he observed the following:

Reference is made to Inclosure #1, this report, a memory sketch of missiles
observed flying near DNIEPROPETROVSK, on which SOURCE was able to give details
on the following:
Point #1, BODY. From the distance SOURCE saw the body, it appeared to be a
large disk, the center of which was almost black. It became red towards the
outer edge, but the edge itself appeared to be white hot.

Point #2, FLAMING ARCH. A flaming arch was observed on top of the disk, but the
upper edge of the body could still be seen.

Point #3, SPARKS. Sparks emerged from the edge of the disk, white hot, with
a tail similar to the one of a falling star.

SOURCE observed these missiles 4 nights between 0000 hours and 0200 hours,
describing a wide arch on the southern perimeter, from East to West. The
distance or height was not known to SOURCE. The missile was seen to 1½
minutes, each time. SOURCE heard no noises whatsoever and stated that the
same observations were made by other PWs. To confirm his statement he gave
the address of a fellow PW in AACHEN (50/47 N - 06/17 E) who made the same
observations from another location, but during the same nights.

GROUP 4
Dowmgraded at 3 year
intervals; declassified
after 12 years

-------------------------------------------------. UNCLASSIFIED.

(Note: The text at the bottom of the page appears to be about classification and declassification guidelines, but it's poorly printed or badly scanned, making it difficult to read accurately.)