There are no photographs present in this image. This is a scanned document page.

Here is the text output from the document:

---
The Roanoke World-News
Mid-cut N/C 1949

Mysterious Cigar-Shaped
Object Observed in Skies

A cigar-shaped object with a glowing red tip in front and a trail of fire or sparks from the rear was reported over Roanoke and other parts of Western Virginia and Eastern Tennesee [sic] last night. No official source would venture a comment on the object except that police in Kingsport, Tenn., were reported to have said the "phenomenon" was a group of jet fighters at 35,000 feet.
The first Roanoke report came from J. S. Mays, 1504 Chapman Ave., S. W., who said he saw the object about 8 last night while he was driving a few miles north of Boones Mill. He and a companion, W. F. Mullins, 1101 Williamson Rd., S.W., the object pop over the horizon.
"It was going straight up when we saw it," Mays said, and was stepping on it." He said the glow in the nose of the object was "redder than an ordinary light bulb" and it was trailing a streak of sparks. "We could see nothing of the body," he added.
Mays said he and his companion watched the object for about ten minutes as it appeared over the west horizon, traveled upward and then headed east. They heard no sound.
Other similar reports came in from Kingsport, Bristol, Pulaski, Christiansburg and points east of Roanoke.
L. B. Graybeal of Christiansburg, a former Air Force pilot, reported the object came in at about 6,000 feet and that he heard a "roaring sound." There was a light in the object and a streak of sparks, he said.
Mrs. C. L. Phillps who lives on the Radford road about a mile west of Christiansburg, said she was standing in her yard with some friends when "the thing sprung up over the horizon."
"It was neither lightning, meteor or airplane," she was quoted as saying, but was "straight along the sides, but at the head and narrowed down." There was a shower of sparks from the front end, she added.
The Civil Aeronautics Administration communication center at Woodrum Field reported "a couple of calls" about the object last night but said nothing regarding it had been entered on the official log.
In Atlanta, the CAA was asking for reports on the object, but said it was "just routine." "Wherever we hear of anything like that," a spokesman explained, "we ask for reports, no matter how strange or queer it may seem."

AFTER FIVE DAYS RETURN TO

[Blackened out address]

ROANOKE, VA.

---

Please note that there is additional text at the bottom of the page, including an address, which is largely obscured and illegible in the provided image.