The image contains a page from a document but does not contain any photographs.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
-*UNCLASSIFIED
SUMMARY AND OBSERVATIONS

UNCLANW1$ED

In the opinion of the personnel of ONR, Pasadena, the objects sighted
were probably conventional aircraft which appeared to be abnormal in design
due to lighting conditions.

The tripping of the Geiger counter mechanism is unexplainable. Ordinary
circuit interruptions, mechanical and/or electrical disturbances, in the
vicinity of Mt. Palomar are apparently not the cause. It is physically
possible for someone to operate the controls on a Geiger counter so as to
have the recording pen go off-scale. It is thus possible, but most unlikely
that some member of the Observatory staff has been playing a practical joke.

The attached graph (Encl. 3) showing frequency of these Geiger counter
off-scale motions, is of some interest. It will be noted that there was a
definite peak of these occurrences on the 17th October. The graph (Encl. 2)
showing the time of occurrences during the day gives a random distribution.

At the time of preparing this report, none of the scientists who have been
interrogated (ONR, Pasadena; California Institute of Technology, and the Naval
Electronics Laboratory) has been able to offer a satisfactory explanation of
these phenomena.

In the appended reports the question arises as to the degree of reliability
of the three persons whose stories are reported. This is a difficult thing to
do, but the evaluation of ONR, Pasadena, is as follows:

Mr. ------------ - Moderately reliable

Mr. ------------ - Highly reliable

Mr. ------------ - 

The personnel of the Observatory and of the California Institute of
Technology who jointly operate the Observatory with the Carnegie Institute,
have made urgent requests that no publicity be given. They are afraid that
if stories were published, it would give adverse publicity to the Observatory,
which they are most anxious to avoid. Accordingly, it is strongly urged that
these stories not be made available to the press.

UNCLASSIFIED

ENCL. (4)
```

Note: The document has redacted names, represented by lines "------------" in the transcription above.