The image provided is a textual page, and there is no photograph present on it.

The text contains redactions and is somewhat difficult to read due to the quality, but here is the visible and legible text from the document:

---
Page 2           RTC                    Confidential         Report: 392

Name and address of observer: [REDACTED]

Occupation and hobbies: [REDACTED] Los Angeles, California

...

private pilot over 5,000 hours (1,500 navy)
Let J? in W.n..r. (inactive)

Co...t, J[REDACTED] relative to intelligence and character of observer(s).: Very conservative, sincere, absolutely reliable in every
co..Lcon.

---
Narrative section: "A" : On Friday, 27 May 1949, [REDACTED] Los Angeles, California, was flying his privately owned Ercoupe aircraft from
Medford, Oregon, to Burns, Oregon; he departed Medford at 1522 hours [REDACTED]
and arrived at Burns at 1640 hours P.S.T. At 1425 hours, Sa....(Name ..Serial Observed the 
sun reflecting on an object, or objects, at a considerable distance E.N.E. His .... & ....
point was to the starboard. He continued to watch the course taken by the refl.......
material, exce....omit it ... conflicted ... to conventional aircraft, and c.... ._..m....
[REDACTED] Showed no contrails, had no ....tual exhaust ... ..it .. .. .. which run for a number
(less than E) ... it... ... approximately Ch...t ... as it functions reached .... t... ... ...Er
normal lakes, flying in formation. At this point our object was for...row to have cl...d
seemed to be flying in formation inside of a single object the,... where several which
their course so that they were paralleling his course and were following the cliffs
L... at about 1500 to 1500 feet below all altitude at a distance which he estimates
rive to been 5-1/2 - 7-1/2 miles. Observes that the could move in E .. E.. at least
as ten (10) miles since the bluffs were less than ten (10) miles away and he could see
the objects outlined against the bluffs."

1. The objects that [REDACTED] saw are described by him as follows:

"j...t each object was considerably smaller than a fighter plane, probably less
than 20 ft in len.... All of the separate objects appeare to be the same in size.
All of the objects were so n.. you in the ..filled ... is clear and ...e had
two recognized conventional aircraft. They had a solid configuration, ..... to VW's
thickness, they were elongated oval, perhaps two as long as thick. Sw.... points out
he observed the objects from an angle from above and could not easily estimate their
a..cross view could possibly have been disc-shaped, and could conceivably have been
reflecting they. The objects seemed definitely solid objects - there was nothing
etherally about them.

The speed of objects [REDACTED] is confident they were traveling at least as his
own plane (120 MPH)... had a tail wind of 15 to 18 MPH and the objects would
therefore have been doing over 220 MPH air speed. The objects were traveling south/
southwest, opposite to the course. Calculating the speed of the objects, several
different ways from the facts at hand, the speed of the objects varies between 190 to
260 MPH. Concluded at the time of observation that he could not possibly have turned
around and caught up with the objects. They were definitely travelling faster than
a group of birds, and slower than jet planes. ... tail of smoke or exhaust was observed,
the speed of the objects appeared to be steady.

UNCLASSIFIED 
---

(The document contains UNCLASSIFIED stamps, signatures, and other markings which are typical for an official report but are not transcribed here for clarity and brevity of the main content.)