The image provided is a text document. There is no photograph present within the document. Below is the text extracted from the document as accurately as possible:

---

Incident:            250 H
Page: 2

Name and Address of Observer: Winter Park, Florida

Occupation and hobbies: Patrolman, Winter Park, Florida
                        Photography - Model Airplanes

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of
observer(s):
Answered questions intelligently and with apparent sincerity regarded as
a reliable patrolman

---

STATEMENT NO. 457

On 3 March 1949, Patrolman [REDACTED], Police Department, Winter Park,
Florida, was interviewed. [REDACTED] stated that while coaching shop doors
at a point on Fairbanks Ave, approximately 200 feet south of the inter-
section of New York and Fairbanks Avenues, Winter Park, Florida, between the
hours of 0130 and 0200, his attention was attracted by a light in the sky
which he thought to be an aircraft about to crash. He observed a single ob-
ject approximately the size of an automobile wheel, but slightly egg-shaped
and greenish blue in color, which appeared to be about 30° above the horizon,
over a place approximately 3/4 miles from his point of observation at an
angle of 270°. [REDACTED] fixed the point over which the object appeared as the
intersection of Fairbanks and Orlando avenues, Winter Park, Florida. This object
was traveling in a slightly South Southwesterly direction at a speed which
appeared to be greater than the speed of aircraft usually seen in flight.
It remained in sight for approximately 15 to 20 seconds. There was no sound,
odor, or projections in or around this object. It appeared to be solid
and the light within it was a dull pulsating glow. While in sight, its
flight path appeared to have a slight angle of descent. [REDACTED] lost
sight of the object when it disappeared behind trees in his line of vision.
There were no clouds in the sky, the weather was clear with good visibility.
[REDACTED] did not wear glasses and is not color-blind but did view the
object through the windshield of his police cruiser.

---