The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED April 25, 1949

Dear Sir:

I am writing to you because you happen to be the only person of whom I know in the service of our Armed Forces. In the interest of science, laboratory manuals and Doctors New Mexico I am forwarding to you and discussing the meteoric that fell in Roswell and of your interest in that field.

Dr. La Paz I am 25 years old and do consider myself a mature young man, but the strange sights I have just seen make me wonder.

I am writing you for information about certain "objects" which have been reported from time to time and have been called "flying saucers".

On the morning of April 24, 1949, at 6:30, Mr. ______and myself were in the process of guiding our minnows to use for fishing. We were in a Chevrolet which was (¼) quarter mile from the town of Springer, N.M.

We had just finished putting the minnows we were going to use in the buckets that we heard a peculiar sound, sort of a high-pitched whistle. We both thought it was some high flying ducks coming in fast in landing and we looked up in the air. What we saw was certainly not ducks, but what it was we don’t know.

We saw "objects" which were silvery white, in color and to us what looked like balls, sort of like Christmas tree ornaments. They passed us at a very high altitude and going very fast. They were out of sight in a very few seconds.

I was in Army Flats during the war and I know they were not "Jet Planes" or "guided missiles". Whatever these "things" were they were traveling faster than sound. I know that because we were hearing the sound of the objects we had not seen misleading at others whose sound had not yet reached us.

This may sound a bit on the fantastic side, but it is what we actually observed. We saw these things for over an hour. I am enclosing a sketch of the behavior of the "objects", just as to how we saw them.

I’m wondering if anyone else has reported seeing these "things" on or coincidentally the date mentioned? I might add that this day was CATU calling and visibility unlimited and you would never have seen the objects except for the sound we heard.

Dr. La Paz I would like an answer from you if you can make the time, all this is very strange to me and maybe you can supply the answer to it.

UNCLASSIFIED

nc1 + 2 - OSI H9
---