The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned document text page with redactions. Here is the text from the document:

OBJECT REPORT UNCLASSIFIED

On 24 April 1949, at 3 miles north of Array, New Mexico, (107° 19'W 32° 53'N) 
4 Navy enlisted men from White Sands Proving Ground (Chief 
simmons and ___ ) and I saw a rapidly moving object while making a Pibal wind run. We had released a 350 gram balloon at about 1020 MST and were following it with a standard ML-47 (David White) Theodolite. After the 1030 reading, which we took over the theodolite, and Alkon when I looked up to find this balloon with naked eye. We thought we had the balloon end we saw a whitish spherical object right along the direction the theodolite (45°elevation and 210° azimuth) was pointing. The object was drifting east rapidly (5°/sec. as estimated by stopwatch and width of fingers) but we had thought to encounter sster linds on the balloon since when the difference in angle between the theodolite end supposed balloon became appreciable, I took over the theodolite end found that true balloon was still there, (The spot I abandoned it had picked up as object after it came out of the sun. I was moving toward of sun was 127° azimuth and +9° elevation 60°). The object was crumpoint too fast to streak the theodolite around, therefore one of the man painted the theodolite and I looked.

The object was an ellipsoid about 2½ : 1 flares/light ratio, length about 20 subtending angle, and whit in color, except for a less yet whitish glow of one side as though that was in shadow. I could not spot and light source on object due to the speed at which the angles changed. Therefore I saw no god detail at all.

The azimuth angle maintained to decreases as the object continued on a north heading, slowing small - 1 div. sec. Apart round 20 - 25° azimuth the azimuth held constant and the elevation angle began increasing from this 25° minimum to about 29°. The length on of span slowly disappeared due to distance after a total time of observation of about 60 seconds.

The object was not a balloon and was some distance away. Assuming escape velocity, a track was figured which put the elevation above the station of about 300,000 feet over the observed period. If this is true, the flight would have probably gird the orbits the White Sands Proving Ground, Holloman Air Force Base and Los Alamos.

We made another pibal wind run 15 minutes latar. This balloon burst after an 88 minute flight 93,000 feet only 13 miles due south of us. Therefore this object could not have been a free balloon moving at such angular speed below 90,000 feet.

Information is desired if this was some new or experimental aircraft or for any explanation whatsoevre.

NOTE:
No clouds in sky, no haze.
No niosy very quiet in area
(No crops, planes or other engines running)
No trail, no exhaust visible.
No plot—— UNCLASSIFIED

[There are redacted sections in the document, visible as black blocks covering the text.]