The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page of a document from Project Blue Book. Below is the text extracted from the document:

```
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND ACT/9
3160 Electronics Station
Cambridge Field Station
230 Albany Street
Cambridge 39, Mass.
April 18, 1949

In reply address 
both communication
and envelope to the 
Commanding Officer 
and attention of 
following office
symbol. SRH

SUBJECT: Analysis of Project "Grudge" Reported Incidents

TO: Commanding General
      Air Material Command
      Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
      Dayton, Ohio
      ATTN: MCIAO

1. Reference is made to the letters from your Headquarters to 
this station of 22 November 1948, 6 December 1948, and 14 January 1949,
Subject: "Project Sign", requesting that reported incidents I
through IV be analyzed to determine whether or not these might have
been caused by balloons launched by these laboratories.

2. A listing has been compiled of all balloons launched by these
laboratories and its contractors for special atmospheric research pur-
poses, from the first such launching to No. 101 on 17 November 1948.
Each of these launchings has been compared with the reported incidents
1 through IV. Factors of comparison were date of launching and date
of recovery with respect to date of reported incidents; place of launch-
ing and place of recovery with respect to the place of reported inci-
dent; and possible deviations from the known flight path with respect
 to the place of reported incident. So that your office may make an
independent analysis, three copies of the launching list are inclosed.

Incidents No. 5 through No. 16 reported on 4 July 1947 
throughout Oregon, Idaho and Washington gave, in general, descriptions
of clusters or groups of objects. The 3 July 1947 balloon launching
No. 8 at Alamogordo was a cluster of balloons and was not recovered,
and so might be suspected of being the cause of these reports. However,
although not recovered, this flight was terminated in the New Mexico
Tularosa Valley only a few miles northwest of Alamogordo. That the
balloons were downed was determined both by airplane spotting and by
radio direction finding upon the balloon cluster's instruments.
Recovery of the balloons and instruments was prevented by the im-
passibility of the terrain.

b. Balloon release No. 11 of 7 July 1947 could compare
with respect to date with Incident No. 1 through No. 4, and again
with Incident No. 10. This balloon flight was again a cluster.
```

The page appears to be a communication discussing the analysis of reported UFO incidents and their possible correlation with balloon launches conducted by the Air Material Command’s contractors.