The image contains no photographs, only typewritten text. Below is the text as an OCR would produce:

---
To summarize this section of the discussion, it can be said
that a trip from Mars is a logical enterprise for another over our own
present technological status, but that a trip from a starry system
requires improvements of propulsion that we have not yet conceived.

Combining the efforts of all the science-fiction writers, we
could conjure up a large number of hypothetical methods of transport-
ation like gravity shields, space warps, teleporta, stimulators,
enzym homs and so on. Conceivably, gravity shields might act as solar
sayers in the Galaxy, once we manage to discover the 'reverse' throttle of
travel that would be fantastic by our standards. Yet the larger the
volume of space that must be included in order to strengthen this
possibility, the lower will be the chance that the race involved
would ever find the earth. The Galaxy has three hundred billion
100,000 light years and a total mass about two hundred of fifty times
that of the Sun (see reference 4), Object 51 is a giant spiral, roughly
and estimated in numbers of several hundred billion (reference 5),
p. 4) at distances up to billions of light years (see Fen 7, p. 2, 18a).
The number of stars in the known universe is enormous, yet so are the
distances involved. A super-race (unless they occupy relatively would
not be likely to stumble upon Planet III of Sol, a fifth-magnitude
star in the rarefied outskirts of the Galaxy.

A description of the probable operating characteristics of space
ships must be based on the assumption that they will be rockets,
since this is the only form of propulsion that we know will function
in outer space. Below are listed a few of the significant factors of
rocketry in relation to the "flying objects".

(a) Maneuverability. A special-purpose rocket can be made as
maneuverable as we like, with very high accelerations either along
or normal to the flight path. However, such a hyperformance space ship
will certainly be large and unwieldy and could hardly be designed to
maneuver favorably year round in the Earth's atmosphere. The only
economical maneuver would be to come down and go up more or less ver-
tically.

(b) Fuel reserves. It is hard to see how a single rocket ship
could carry enough extra fuel to make repeated descents into the
Earth's atmosphere. The large number of flying objects reported in
quick succession could only mean a large number of visiting craft.

Two possibilities thus are presented. First, a number of space
ships could have come as a group. This would only be done if full-
dress contact were to be established. Second, numerous small craft
might descend from a mother ship which coasts around the Earth in
a satellite orbit. But this could mean that the smaller craft would
have to be rockets of substantial performance, and to concerns them the
mother ship would have to be truly enormous.

(c) Appearance. A vertically descending rocket might well
appear as a luminous disk to a person directly below. Observers at
a distance, however, would surely identify the rocket for what it
really is. There would probably be no reports or oblique views
than of end-on views; of course, the "shape reports" not typical of
our rockets; yet the exhaust should be easy to see.

31
---