[stamp: RESTRICTED]
GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION
[stamp: UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS]

Incident No. ____

1. Date of observation 12 Sept 1949  Date of Interview  23 September 1949

2. Exact time of observation (local)  approximately 2100

3. Place of observation:  [redacted]
(Map Coordinates)

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location or - give details):
On an open front porch at 2301 21st street, Lubbock, Texas looking
due north.

5. What attracted attention to object: Looking up and seeing the objects

6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping: seven or eight groups
with 30 or 40 in each group.  Each group was in formation similar to ducks

7. Attempt to identify to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or fist at arms length): The size of ducks

8. Color of object: gold in color

9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object): The first
two or three groups were a rough round shape but the last groups were noticed
more closely and appeared as ducks.

10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
Were first observed at an angle of 30° and passing overhead; disappearing
at an angle of approximately 120°.  Were flying at an altitude of several
hundred feet.

11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from north): coming from due north.

12. Distance from observer (distance to town, bldg, etc., over which object
appeared to be): first appeared three or four blocks away when the object
could be seen by the reflection of lights from a highway two blocks north.

13. Direction of flight of object (a): from due north to straight south.

14. Time in sight: 10 to 15 seconds for each group, but it took about half an
hour for all the objects to come over.

15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): It took 10 to 15 seconds for
each group to fly from 30° to approximately 120°.

16. Sound (loud, faint, etc.): The group sounded as ducks flying.
A highway was only two blocks away so it was difficult to distinguish any noise.

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.)  none

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of
brilliance): The color was gold such as light reflection.

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antenna, canopies, etc.): None

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, [redacted], etc - sketch of flight path): All
remained in formation [redacted]

[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED] RAC