The image does not contain any photographs. It is a document page with typed text.

Here's the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Sgt Donald E. Ledger—Weather Observer
Pfc Richard G. Dumphy—Tower Operator
Pfc Richard E. Pettermen—Weather Observer
Cpl Chareleo L. Rogers—Occupation unknown
Addresses: Ft Knox, Ky.

NOTE: Base Intelligence Officer believed the object to be "Sirius"

This star will appear in the southern horizon during the time indicated and
is usually bright due to its extreme heat and closeness to time earth. It is
relatively small and will appear to change color every few mins when at an
altitude of less than 30° above the horizon. Observations thru binoculars will
increase the color effect. Low elevation could account for the fact that it
appeared relatively

NARRATIVES SUMMARY:

LEDGBETTER Statement: At 01500 I saw a bright object SW of the field
resembling a star except that it seemed much brighter, so much so that
it caught my eye the second I saw it, even using binoculars the object
seemed to be rotating and the object did display a green vere with very
distinguishing blue. At 02100, the object, reappeared moving were from
the pole. Position of the object was determined roughly as the edge of
top of the hanger to be 22.5° horizontal and a vertical angle of 07.6°.

PETTERMEN STATEMENT: I, Richard E. Pettermen, was called to the tower on the
night of 7 Feb 49. Sgt Ledgerbetter pointed out a bright object in the sky
which appeared to be about the size of a golf ball. The object was changing
colors from red, green to yellow. The elevation was 05.6°. The object
was observed by the southwest crew following the drones. It was be be
appeared to be great. The object was followed form 20 minutes. I was unable
to tell what speed the object was using, and could not hear any noise or
sense any odor. There was no trail left behind. There were no projections
from this object. It was just turning around in a small eye so and changing
colors. It changed color once and disappeared. There were no clouds, the
weather was clear with approximately 10 miles visibility.

DUMPHY STATEMENT: I Cpl Richard G. Dumphy, AF 11172359, 1꜡614—AAES Det.,
Godman FId, Ft Knox, Ky, was on duty on the night of 7 Feb 49 when an
unidentified object appeared in the South West skies. Sgt Ledgerbetter had
first noticed the object end brought my attention to it. The object at that
time appeared to be about the size of a soft ball, with flashes of red, green
and yellow. The position of the object was taken and logged. The object
appeared to be traveling in a straight line away from our position and getting
dimmer from the time it was first sighted until the time it disappeared which
was exactly 20 minutes.

ROGERS STATEMENT: On the 7th of Feb 49 I was on duty at the Weather Station,
Godman Field and at 0150C Sgt Ledgerbetter called me from the Control Tower.
He stated that he and Pfc Dumphy had sighted a strange object in the sky
and that he wanted me to come up and take a look at it which I did.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
```