The image you provided is a scanned page from a document. There is no photograph present on this page—only typed and handwritten text. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and provide you with the text content of the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED                    19 Apr 49
SUBJECT: Report on Flying Discs

TO: Major Forrest D. Blanks
    Intelligence Officer
    San Bernardino AFB,
    San Bernardino, Calif.

1. On the afternoon of April 7, 1949, between the hours of [1415] and 1500, Lt. Edwin N. Leesser and I, were in a National Guard F-51, working the radio range at Riverside. I was in the front seat acting as observer, and Lt. Recser was in the rear seat under the hood making his approach down the northwest legs towards the high cone. We were at approximately 8000 feet, and just before we got to the cone of silence, I told Lt. Reser to look off towards to the northwest hills. In the middle of a cloudy layer which was hanging over the range station. In three or four minutes, out of my order, Lt. Reeser missed the cone so he continued out to the southeast leg to make a procedure turn and to attempt once more to hit the high cone.

2. It was while we were going away from the range station on this southeast leg at no more than 7000 feet that I noticed what I at first took to be a tin tank falling at what appeared to be about 1000 feet below us. The reason for this assumption was that it appeared to be red and gray in color and was tumbling in a forward direction. In our own judgement at San Bernardino we have some gray and red tip. tanks, and I believe our first though was the result of this association. I watched this object for about four or five seconds, then realizing the possibility that maybe some ship had peeled apart overhead, I looked up and saw what I immediately took to be four parachutes floating about 1000 feet apart, but at an undetermined altitude. I could see no shrouds lines or bodies, but these objects looked just like the canopy of a chute, reflecting a puck white color, not a metallic silver. By this time, we switched back towards the high cone and [illegible] rather close so [I / LT] Leesser hit the cone, then called him out from the hood and told him what I'd seen. He then scanned the skies and spotted the four white objects in nearly the same position previously seen and immediately told me that they [must] be parachutes, this confirming my first reaction. We then began to climb into the mess that we then felt sure restricted from 7000 feet and by this time we had reached 9000 feet, the objects had vanished in a more or less severely direction. By this time, our period was nearly over as we returned to our base.

3. I would like to emphasize that all this took place directly over March Field, and that the four objects which we both saw, and have been [type], but they maintained this same distance of about 1000 feet apart, and they reflected a pue white color, not the silver metallic color

UNCLASSIFIED                    DOWNGRADED AT 3 YR. INTERVALS
                                 DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
                                 DOD Dir. 5200.10
```

Please note that there are sections of the text that are either difficult to discern due to the quality of the scan or redaction, which is indicated by [brackets] and/or words such as [illegible] in the transcription above.