There are no photographs in this image. Here is the text output from the document:

---

(5) Speed: Faster than an F-51 and estimated by Mr. to be at least six (6) hundred miles per hour.

(6) Heading: Mr. reported that when first sighted the formation was heading approximately two (3) hundred degrees. The formation passed by him and then made a one hundred and eighty (180) degree turn to approximately one hundred and twenty (120) degrees.

(7) Maneuverability: Mr. reported that no maneuvers were noted other than the one hundred and eighty (180) degree turn. The objects did not appear to bank during the turn. When the objects were first sighted and before the one hundred and eighty (180) degree turn was made, the outer wing surfaces appeared to move slightly.

(8) Altitude: Mr. reported the formation between eight (8) thousand five (5) hundred and ten (10) thousand feet. When the formation was first sighted Mr. was cruising at ten (10) thousand feet and the objects were slightly below and one-fourth (1/4) of a mile to the left of his position. When the formation made the one hundred and eighty (180) degree turn Mr. descended to eight (8) thousand five (5) hundred feet and was below the formation when they came back.

(9) Sound: No sound was noted from the formation.

(10) Exhaust trail or not: No exhaust trail was visible.

6. General remarks: Mr. was enroute from Burley, Idaho, to Nampa, Idaho, in a Cub Cruiser when the objects were sighted. When the formation was first sighted they were going in approximately the same direction as Mr. and were approximately one-fourth (1/4) of a mile to his left and below. Mr. was cruising at ten (10) thousand feet at this time. He observed the formation until it made the one hundred and eighty (180) degree turn at which time Mr. descended in his aircraft and made a ninety (90) degree turn to the left in an effort to intercept the formation. He was able to get below the level of the formation at eight (8) thousand five (5) hundred feet at which time he noticed the dark circular bulye on the bottom side of the objects. Because of their speed the flying objects soon became lost from the sight of Mr. who proceeded on to his destination. Mr. who states that in his opinion Mr. is a reliable witness.

EARL J. LIVERSEY
Lt. Col., USAF
Commanding

---