There is no photograph in the image provided; it is a text document. Here is the OCR output of the text in the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS: CLEVELAND, OHIO

1. I, XXXXXXXXX, Aviation Safety Agent, Department of Com-
merce, Civil Aeronautics Administration, Office of Aviation Safety, Munici-
pal Airport, Cleveland, Ohio, submit as follows:

On March 8, 1949 approximately 1415 while enroute from Toledo, Ohio to
Cleveland, Ohio, via aircraft, I had an unusual incident occur.

When approximately four miles west of Vermilion, Ohio over the lakeshore at
2500 feet in altitude, an object was suddenly observed approaching head-on
at the same altitude. I immediately pulled up into a steep climb to
avoid a collision and continued to turn to the right to observe the object
which I had nearly collided but very much to my amazement, I was unable
to locate anything, while so doing suddenly and spectacularly a polished
shining object flashed into the sunbeam naturally severely blinded my 
vision for a few seconds. This object was approximately 500 feet above me
altitude so I finally dived 90o away not to be collided into the cloud.

My first impression was that I had nearly collided with a reversed model air-
plane but after giving it long thoughts, I realized that its wings were not
the fixed-on type of the fuselage was too large to be that of a model since
it was very near and compared to be having a 10-inch wingspan and as the
sun beamed on its sides, it was very near and to be containing no less than 
and supposed to measure not 39 inches from tip to tip, none of the following
of a model was painted red. Wings were mounted in the center of the fuselage or
six to eight feet and appeared to be about three feet long or a total span of
six to eight feet and were polished light gray.

After landing at Cleveland, Ohio, I discussed this incident with a few close 
friends and last ditchwater drop as it was so fantastic, but after careful
consideration, I now think this information should be on record.

As a matter of information, I have been flying for twenty years with approxi-
mately 5900 hours and hold an Airline Transport Pilots Rating Certificate with
all ratings. The foregoing is not the result of a vivid imagination but an
explanation of the facts to the best of my knowledge."

CLOSED

UNCLASSIFIED

---