The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page of a document with text. Here is the optical character recognition (OCR) output of the text:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

The Ohio State University has contracted with Air Materiel
Command to supply astronomical services in effort to identify
meteors, planetoids and associated phenomena. Professor Hynek,
Ohio State University Astro-Physicist and head of the University
Observatory has undertaken to review the incident summary sheets.
While this work has not yet been completed, Professor Hynek has
reported verbally that he is satisfied that a number of the re-
ported observations represent astro-physical phenomena.

Members of the Scientific Advisory Board to the Chief of
Staff, USAF, who have provided consultant services to Project "Sign,"
include Dr. Irving Langmuir, Chief, General Electric Research
and Dr. G. E. Valley of MIT.

A preliminary type of interview has been held between Dr.
Langmuir and personnel of Project "Sign" during early stages of
the project. It is intended to consult further with Dr. Langmuir
in an effort to supplement present technical efforts toward iden-
tifying the reported objects.

Dr. G. B. Valley has displayed an active interest in Project
"Sign", to the extent of reviewing the reports and incidents and
writing an overall type of analysis in which he groups the various
objects and then analyzes each group from the standpoint of scien-
tific feasibility. This analysis is provided as Appendix (C) to
this report.

Inasmuch as various surmises have been advanced that some of
the reported observations may have represented "space ships" or
satellites vehicles, a special study has been initiated with
the Rand Corporation, under the Rand Project, to provide an analysis
from this standpoint and also to provide fundamental information,
pertaining to the basic design and performance characteristics
that might distinguish a possible "space ship."

As a preliminary undertaking, the Rand Project has submitted
a study by Dr. Klipp in which the possibility is explored of any
plant in the known universe being in a physical and cultural,
position to allow the development and use of the "space ship".
This study has been prepared in the form of a report that is pre-
sented as Appendix (D).

The Weather Bureau Library of the Department of Commerce has
supplied information on "ball lightning". This was requested be-
cause of the belief by some persons that some of the observations
may have represented "ball lightning". It appears that the sub-
ject of "ball lightning" occupies an undetermined status and
authorities are not at all convinced that such a phenomena actually
exists.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation has assisted Project "Sign"
in a number of instances, both by investigations of the character
and reliability of witnesses of incidents and by providing other
investigative services.

- 3 UNCLASSIFIED S-11750
```