The photograph in the document shows a large, approximately round object with some damage such as bending and warping. There's texture to the object that suggests it might be made of metal, and there are patterns that resemble the spokes of a wheel or some kind of framework.

Now, I will transcribe the text from the document:

---
SEATTLE POST-INTELLIGENCER
20 AUG 49                 SEATTLE SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1949

Real Flying Saucers Found
At Last--Inventor Missing

DADDY OF DISKS—This tattered contraption, found by Maryland state police Friday in a copse near Westminster, is all that's left of a 10-year-old flying experiment. The big disk was round and was designed to lift the flying saucers inventor likened to the hummingbird at two years of age. The inventor, Jonathan Caldwell, dropped out of sight eight years ago.

Air Force Official Says Improved Models
Are Now Being Sent Up Into Sky

BY THE BALTIMORE SUN
BALTIMORE, Aug. 19.—(AP)—The Baltimore Sun tonight quoted an air force officer as saying that two battered old aircraft found near here are—
"definitely the prototype of the flying saucer."
The Sun quoted the air force official as saying that he believed greatly improved models of the two planes found in an abandoned barn are flying now, and are the source of the flying saucer reports of the past years.
State police found the old machines, two largely a collection of junk, in the barn near Glen Burnie, about 11 miles south of Baltimore.
Their inventor, Jonathan E. Caldwell, dropped out of sight eight years ago.

NEW PLANES — 
The official declined the use of his name, the Sun said, but he claimed air force authorities had given him permission to make a statement confirming the Glen Burnie discovery.
The officer explained that air force uses the term "prototype" to denote the first model from which an airplane develops.

The Sun went on to quote him as saying:
"I personally think the inventor went to some other part of the country and developed newer more — that he has new saucers among us now."
Dr. Kinzel, a fiber mechanic who worked with Caldwell on the string of craft back in 1936 and '37—-riding Caldwell's 104 and 105 years ahead of his time in developing the planes.

STOCK TROUBLE—
Caldwell had a hard time with them back in 1939 and 1940. The crate with the disc inside them, buttonholed to make a dangerous crash landing.
Caldwell got into legal difficulties in Maryland, New Jersey and New York about the same time for selling stock in two corporations he set up to develop his inventions.
Two officers from the air force inspector general's special investigations staff brought about discovery of the old planes, now falling apart.
---