The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from a text document with the header "UNCLASSIFIED." I will now provide the text as requested.

```
UNCLASSIFIED

the objects were the approximate size and shape of an automobile tire, and at
the time of sighting were not flying in formation. Mr. ███████ stated that
they were definitely not balloons, having the appearance of being constructed
of metal and were grayish white. At the time of the sighting, Mr. ███████ 
was standing on a boat siding at the edge of Hebgen Lake, the objects came
across a ridge on the eastern shore of Hebgen Lake, just barely skimming the
top of the ridge, (This ridge is approximately 1500 feet higher than the
surrounding terrain) and were proceeding rapidly in a southwesterly direction.
Two of the objects in the first flight crashed, the one which crashed in the woods
lake threw up a large geyser of water, and the one which crashed in the woods
on the opposite shore (a distance of two miles from the point at which the
was standing) raised a large cloud of dust as it hit into the woods. No fire,
explosion or smoke of any kind accompanied the crashes. The remaining five
objects disappeared rapidly from view across the ridges which are two miles
from the western shore of Hebgen Lake. Mr. ███████ could not estimate the speed
of the objects, however, he stated that none of the objects were visible to
him for more than five to ten seconds, and the objects that crashed were visible
for about two (2) seconds. From maps of the general area this would place the
speeds of the objects at approximately fourteen hundred miles per hour. Mr.
████████ stated that at the time of the appearance of the first seven objects,
there was no one in his immediate vicinity who actually saw them. Then the
next one appeared, one-half hour later, he attempted to call the attention of
his assistant to them; however, it had disappeared before the Assistant could
view it. Mr. ███████ further stated that he had not intended to make an
official report of the sightings, but that when he told his employer, Mr.
███████, Mr. ███████ took it upon himself to call the Federal Bureau of
Investigation relative to the matter.

5. An attempt was made by this AGENT to contact other witnesses of the
same phenomena as reported by Mr. ███████. In this respect all employees
and guests of the █████████████ were interviewed with negative results. It
was learned that there was possibly one additional witness, a camper who had
camped on the shore of the lake overnight and had since moved on. In addition
to the employees and guests of the Lodge, attempts were made to find witnesses
among residents in the immediate area, residents in the town of West Yellowstone
(17 miles away) and from the U. S. Ranger Station, West Yellowstone, Montana.
No witnesses were able to be obtained.

AGENT'S NOTE: There seemed to exist an apparent attempt by a number of individuals
to convince this AGENT that the ███████ was absolutely reliable, trustworthy
and beyond question, that if he said this incident occurred, it did. The
statement was made by the █████████, Mr. ███████ that if anything was found,
the ███████ might become a "mecca" for tourists, and it was this AGENT's impression
that whether anything was found or not, Mr. ███████ would have welcomed the
attendant publicity. Frequent conversations with the ███████, Mr. ███████
clearly indicated that he had a decided tendency to exaggerate, and that
his conversation was often made up of grossly exaggerated stories.

UNCLASSIFIED

3
```