The image you provided does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. I will transcribe the text as requested:

---
UNCLASSIFI[...]

Page 2                       Incident [...]

Name and address of observer; 1st Lt [...]

7th Bomb [Wing...] E., Carswell Air Force Base, Fort Worth,
Texas

Occupation and hobbies;
Pilot
Aircraft [...]nder

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):
Possesses formal AEC clearance. Considered reliable.

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

Comments of Interrogator: Based upon the fact that a rawin balloon was in the
vicinity at approximately the time of sighting of the object, and the similarity
in description, too much credence cannot be attached to this report.

STATEMENT

On the 7 July 1949 at 1350 hours, I saw an unidentifiable object from a position
on the horizontal stabilizer of a B-36. I was assisting in the installation of a
control lock at the time, and from the position that I was in it was necessary for me
to look skyward for a period of ten or fifteen minutes. I feel that I would never
have seen the object had I not been in such a position. When I first saw the ob-
ject, I thought that my eyes were blurred or that I was seeing a reflection, there-
fore I closed my eyes and opened them again, and the object was still present.

The object was flying South to North at approximately 300 MPH, and appeared to
be approximately 3 inches in diameter. I was unable to judge either the size or
the altitude of the object with any accuracy. I feel certain that this object was
not a balloon, as it was flying in a horizontal plane and the speed was too great,
although it did resemble a child's soap bubble, being spherical in shape and semi-
transparent, silver in color. There was no sound or exhaust trail. Visibility at
the time of sighting; the object was good, there being scattered cumulus only.

I certify that the above statement is true and correct to the best of my
knowledge.

[Signature]             1st Lt., USAF

UNCLASSIFI[...]
---

Please note that some text is redacted or occluded, which I have indicated with [...].