The image does not contain any photographs; it is a page of text from a document.

Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSI RESTRICTE
GUIDE TO INVESTIGAL,
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS                                Incident No. ___
                                                                                       
1. Date of observation 12 Sept 49 Date of Interview 23 September 1949

2. Exact time of observation (local) between 2130 and 2200

3. Place of observation Lubbock, Texas
   (Map Coordinates)

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location or - give details!)
   On an open front porch at 2301 21st street, Lubbock, Texas looking
   due north.

5. What attracted attention to object: Looking up and seeing the objects.

6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or group: Nine groups with
   10 to 50 in each group except the second group and there were only three in
   this group. Each group was in formation SIMILAR to ducks flying in formation.
   Approximate size (compared to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb of fist
   at arms length): approximately the size of a saucer.
   
7. Color of object: bright silver

8. Shape (Give graphic description - compare with known object): They were
   a rough round in shape.

9. Altitude (Angle of slope, elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
   Were first observed at an angle of 30° and passing overhead; disappearing
   at an angle of approximately 120°. Were flying at altitude of 5000 feet.

10. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from north) coming from due north
    and going straight south.

11. Distance from observer (distance to town, bldg, etc., over which object
    appeared to be): first appeared approximately one mile away which is the
    north edge of Lubbock.

12. Direction of flight of object (s): from due north to straight south. ___

13.

14. Time in sight: Each flight was visible for approximately 10 seconds, but
    it took half an hour for all the objects to come over.
    Speed (time to cover given angular distance): It took approximately 10
    seconds for each group to fly from 30° to approximately 120°.
    
15. Sound and odor: There was no sound or odor, but being only two blocks from
    a highway would prevent any sound from being heard.
    
16. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.): none

17. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of
    brilliano): The color was bright silver and appeared as a very bright star.

18. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.): None

19.

20. Manouvers (turns, climbs, divings etc. - sketch of flight path): one object of
    the second group went directly south East, but rest remained on straight
    course of going south.

```