The image provided is a scanned document text and does not contain any photographs. Here is the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

STATEMENT

My name is [REDACTED] assigned to [REDACTED]
California. I live at [REDACTED] which is approximately five (5) miles due South of the center of Sacramento. Last night, 31 August 1949, at approximately 2200 hours, my neighbor, Lt. [REDACTED] also assigned to this base, called me and asked me to help him identify a particular star.

After doing this, we then proceeded to identify and locate various stars that were out. The night was clear, visibility unlimited. There was about a 3/4 moon. Apparently there was some haze because there was a bright area around the moon.

As we were looking at the Star Polaris, I had noticed an airplane flying a course of approximately due East at about 10,000 feet and I judged it to be slightly South or two (2) miles South of Sacramento. I could see its lights and hear its engine. Suddenly Lt. [REDACTED] punched me and said "look!" and almost at the same instant I saw what he was pointing to. I recorded my observations within twenty (20) minutes after this experience happened and I will give the facts as recorded.

This object first attracted my attention in the direction of Polaris. It was a dark shape against the sky. I believe that it had wings; it had no flapping or inner-motion. It made no sound before, during or after I saw it. I lost the object, after tracking it for approximately three (3) seconds, in the glow below the moon.

In other words, this object went from the direction of Polaris which is due North into the sky Southwest of the moon's direction, which at this time was Southwest, in approximately three (3) seconds. I recorded my feelings as follows: Large object, very fast, noiseless.

I had a definite uncanny weird sensation probably due to not knowing what I was looking at. I thought of a possibility of a shadow but this thing had body to it. It was hard to distinguish clearly but it blached out the stars under which it passed. I have no way of guessing its altitude but as a comparison of size, it appeared to be of the same relative size as a C-54 at 3 to 5,000 feet.

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

CONFIDENTIAL

[Handwritten text at the bottom:]
Dec ('71 34/96
---