The image does not contain any photographs, it is a text document. Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

```
Page 6                                                           UNCLASSIFIED

1. Teletyye sequences of local wther conditions Temp.-81°, Est. ceiling 
   30,000', thin broken cirrus clouds; dewpoint 76°, wind from SE
   Winds aloft report 9 M.P.H.; altimeter setting 2989.

2. Local flight schedules of commercial, private and military aircraft 
   flying in vicinity at the time.(Ckeck Canadian activity if close to the
   border.)

4. Possible releases of testing devioes in vicinity sent aloft by Ordnaoc,
   Navy, AirPorco, Army, Wather Units, Research Organizations or any other

5. If object contacted earth, obtain soil samples within and without de-
   pression or spot where ob'oct landed (and then presumably departed) for
   purpose of making comparison of soils

6. If object came sufficiently near other aircraft or known objects check
   surfaces with Geiger counters for possible radioactivity. Make comparisons
   with other unaffected aircraft objects, etc.

7. Obtain photographs (or original negatives) where available; if not, secure
   sketches of
   
   a. Object
   
   b. Surrounding terrain .where observed
   
   c. Place where it contacted earth (if this happened)
   
   d. Manouvers
   
   e. Formation if objects were more than two

8. Secure signed statement

9. Obtain fragments or physical evidence where possible

10. Was any radio antenna to be observed, i.e., (any projections or extensions 
    that might presumably be construed as such)     None evident

                                                                 UNCLASSIFIED
                                                          8-3801-TC
```

Please note that there are some apparent typographical errors in the original text (for example, "Teletyye" should likely be "Teletype," "Wther" should be "Weather," and "Ob'oct" should be "Object"). I've transcribed the text verbatim, including such errors.