The image provided is a scanned document page with text but does not contain any photographs. Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
al-39

with a slight lateral motion right and left. Object was described as being dull in luminosity; weather was clear with mild winds from the south. No optical instruments were used in observation.

4. On 23 May 1949, at approximately 1000 hours, Sgt. JACKIE E. PARKER, 66th Medium Tank Battalion, 6th Company, Camp Hood, Texas, and PFC JOHN T. OWENS, "B" Company, 66th Medium Tank Battalion, Camp Hood, Texas, were on duty at Observation Post No. 1, map coordinates 910-95650, and observed an object at about 45° an angle between the size of a star and the moon, described as being mobile and light. It was round with blurred edges and had a yellowish tinge to its color. Object was more than a mile away and was north-east of the observers; remained in sight for one or two minutes and moved from left to right at a slow speed. Obs object was dull like a flashflight covered by yellow paper". weather was clear with a light wind from the south, with a small amount of haze. No optical instruments were used. Object moved in level flight, top middle directly to ADC by Fourth Army, and copy retained in files of O. O. No. 10.

5. On 23 May 1949, between the hours 2330 and 0030, three observers saw a revolving light, colors were white red, orange, blue. BERNARD, Jr. Hq & Sv Co., 142 AIC, Camp Hood, Texas; Pvt. MILTON SHUBIN, Company I, 7 ARB, Camp Hood, Texas; and Pvt. IVAN E. FISCHER, 111th M. D., Company, 12 ARB, Camp Hood, Texas, and upon re-appeared several times. Described as being the size of a light bulb when held at arm's length, revolved in shape, and with a color of that of a light bulb at a distance. Time of sighting was approximately one minute, and movement was straight up and down at slow speed, weather was clear with southerly winds and a slight haze. No sound or odor was observed, no trail noted, and no projections seen on object by observers. Individual reports from each of the three observers furnished ADC by Fourth Army with copy being retained in the files of D. O. No. 10.

6. On the night of 3 June,1949, at 2200 hours, a civilian type aircraft circled Camp Hood at an altitude of from 200 to 300 feet. At completion of second circling, airplane was headed due east. Pilot in attempting to land on patrol road which he had mistaken for an air strip, struck the No. 1 fence of the restricted area and caused the plane to crash, but did not burn. Pilot stated he was enroute from Paris to Taylor, Texas, when his plane developed engine trouble requiring him to make an emergency landing. The plane was searched thoroughly and no evidence of cameras or explosives determined.

UNCLASSIFIED
3