There are no photographs on this page of the document. The page contains only typed text. Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
One or two additional general remarks may be relevant to space-
ships as "flying objects". The distribution of "flying objects" is
peculiar, to say the least. As far as this writer knows, all inci-
dents have occurred within the United States, whereas very similar
events could be expected to scatter their visits more strongly over
over the globe. The small area covered indicates strongly that the
flying objects are of Earthly origin, whether physical or psychological.

The lack of purpose apparent in the various episodes is also
puzzling. Only one motive can be assigned; that the spacemen, if so
they must have been satisfied long ago that we can't catch them.
It seems fruitless for them to keep repeating the same experiment.

Conclusions:

Although visits from outer space are believed to be possible,
they are believed to be very improbable. In particular, the actions
attributed to the "flying objects" reported during 1947 and 1948
seem inconsistent with the requirements for space travel.


                                                                Very truly yours,
                                                               J. S. Lipp
                                                               Missiles Division

JSL:sp
References
1. "Earth, Moon nd Planets", by F.L.Whipple, Harvard Books on
    Astronomy, Blakiston, 1941.
2. "Atoms, Stars and Nebulae", by Goldberg, Aller, Harvard Books
    on Astronomy, Blakiston, 1943.
3. "The Story of Veritable Stars", by Campbell and Jacchia, Har-
    vard Books on Astronomy, Blakiston, 1945.
4. "The Milky Way", by Şok and Bok, Harvard Books on Astronomy,
    Blakiston 1941.
5. Calculated Properties of Hydrogen Propellant at High Temper-
    ature. Data provided to RAND by Dr. Altman, then at JPL. Unpublished.
6. "The Use of Atomic Power for Rockets", by R. Serber, Appendix
    IV Second Quarterly Report, RA-15004, Douglas Aircraft Co., Inc.,Project
    Rand.
7. "Galaxies", by Shapley, Harlow; Harvard Books on Astronomy,
    Blakiston 1943.
```