The image does not contain any photographs to describe.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
PROJECT "GRUDGE"

1. This investigation was predicated upon receipt of a Newswire and
newspaper sheet, dated 10 May 1949, from Colonel W. T. Clingerman, Chief,
Analysis Division, Intelligence Department (T-2), Headquarters, Air
M-material Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, requesting
an investigation be conducted of the "flying saucer" seen at Sidney, Ohio
and reported by a newspaper article in the 8 May 1949 edition of the
Dayton Daily News, Dayton, Ohio.

AT DAYTON, OHIO

2. Mr. [REDACTED]of the Dayton Daily News, Dayton, Ohio, was contacted
on 17 May 1949 and he stated that the publisher of the Shelby Daily
News, Sidney, Ohio, had furnished them the information for their newspaper.

AT SIDNEY, OHIO

3. Mr. [REDACTED] of the Shelby Daily News, Sidney, Ohio was interviewed
17 May 1949 and also stated that the only information that he had on the
"flying saucer" was contained in their paper on 9 May 1949 and 6 May 1949.
Attached are copies of the two newspaper articles, see sheets one, (1) and 
two (2) of this report.

4. Mr. [REDACTED], 805 Wall Street, Sidney, Ohio was the "flying saucer"
observer. He was interviewed on 16 May 1949 and he stated that
he had observed an unidentified aerial object at approximately 0900 hours
on 3 May 1949, just as he was opening his jewelry store for business.
He stated that he was watching some birds on a wire that crossed the street
in front of his store when the bright shiny object drew his attention. He
stated that the object, traveling at a high rate of speed from northwest to
southeast, appeared to by cylinder like an ice, cylindrical in shape
and approximately thirty-five degrees off the horizon and was travelling northeast.
It was lost sight of the object when the buildings obstructed his view.
He stated that the object appeared in sight, climbed and descended slightly and
was in sight for approximately two minutes. The weather was clear, no wind
was blowing, and no planes were in the vicinity at the time the object was in
sight. The object didn't make any sound or leave any trail. [REDACTED] did not
take any photographs of object.

5. [REDACTED] also interviewed on 16 May 1949 and he stated that
he saw the object when [REDACTED] called his attention to it. He stated that
the time was between 0900 and 0915 hours on 3 May 1949. The object was oblong
in shape and appeared to be about the size of a football. The object was in
sight for approximately two minutes and was travelling north in a straight line
UNCLASSIFIED
```