There is no photograph present in the image provided. Here is the text output from the document:

```
Engineering Division
Memorandum Report No. MEXBD-69-IED                        UNCLASSII-LED
28 April 1949
Reflection of the sun's rays may have given an unusual appearance to
the object. The second case illustrates the uncertainty of judgments
of height or distance. The object looked i.e. ft, but when it remained
in view for an hour the observer decided that it must be very far
away. Actually he probably had nothing on which to base an accurate
estimate.

Incidents 61 and 61a.

Two couples saw approximately 12 objects flying in formation at
what they judged to be 2000 or 3000 foot altitude over Logan, Utah at
22:30. They were judged to be about the size of pigeons and looked white.
All four observers agreed that these objects looked and acted somewhat
like birds but all thought they were not birds because they appeared to
travel much faster than birds.

As we have seen, it is not possible to judge speed accurately
under the conditions of these observations, i.e., when looking at
objects of unknown size and distance against a...lit sky. The
objects may actually have been a flock of white birds, flying at a
relatively low altitude and reflecting the lights of the city.

Incidents 30, 20b, 20c, and lg, lg_a, lg_b, lg_c, lg_d.

During the same space of time (about half an hour) on the n.:.ht
of 7 January 1948 observers at Lockbourne Air Force Base, observers at
Clinton County AFB and the pilot of an aircraft flying from Dayton to
Washington reported an unidentified object in the sky. All reports
agreed as to the color and general appearance of the object, and
as to the fact that its light at times visible through a light overcast.
All agreed also that it was seen to the southwest. However, persons
at all three locations judged the object to be only a few miles away.
To all of them it looked motionless at times, then appeared to change
and lose elevation. A very similar object was seen by numerous
                                                                UNCLASSIFIED.
```

Please note that the document contains redactions, indicated by dashed lines (e.g., "i.e. ft"), and some text appears to be incomplete or obscured, such as at the end of the document, where the sentence is cut off.