The image does not contain a photograph, but it is a typed document. Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Page 2                                             Incident 361

Name and address of observer:        614 West North St., Lima, Ohio

Occupation and hobbies:

                        Employee of Standard Oil Fuel Oil Dept.

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s)

Notes: This officer while interviewing this subject was much impressed by his
attitude. While it appeared to embarrass the subject considerable by telling
such a story with this thought that people would think he was crazy, never the
less he felt it was his duty to report it to proper authorities.
This subject appeared to be of average or above average intelligence, spoke
with good vocabulary and seemed to be of sound charactor.

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

   I was enroute from Bellefontaine to Lima, O. Saturday June 11, 1949 about 5:20PM
over route 33 and 117. When about 1 mile South of Huntsville, Ohio I noticed an
object in the air and it seemed to be six diving directly at the highway in front of
me and I looked out my right side mirror. I pulled the car to the side of the high-
way very quickly. I observed an oblong polished glass with my hands on and a little
better look. I observed an object a;/rooaring from high in front of me directly
to my right at what appeared to be a terrific speed. The object dove directly a
toward the highway and when about 1000 feet above the ground it turned to its
right and hugged north and west. When approaching head on it appeared to be
oval in shape with small short objects protruding from the lower half, much like
the appearance of a Sea Seri (See Diagram No. 1) Filppers.
When making its turn it appeared to be more of a square turn and not like an
airplane. It's actions could best be described th that it looked like a puppet on
a string with someone guiding same.
At this object made its bank or turn to the right it's form took of the shape of
being perfectly round or oval with a terrific, blinding light shining from it.
It possibly was the sun's reflection. I was wearing polaroid glasses at the time.
It then headed straight away from me to the North west at a very high rate of
speed and took the shape of a perpindicular line. (See Diagram)
As the craft was approaching me I looked about me to see if there was anyone
else about to see it. There was no one working in the fields nor anyone that I
could stop on the highway. I looked for any smoke, flames or sound but there was
none. I checked the area after the craft had left for any sound from nearby
tractors, trains etc. which might have covered any it may have made but there
was none. I proceeded into Hunstville and stopped at the filling station and asked
if the men there if they had heard an airplane go over head and they answered
negative. I then went on home and told my wife and no one else until this officer
appeared today.

UNCLASSIFIED
```