The image depicts a scanned page from an old newspaper. There appears to be no photographs, but there is an illustration of a fiery streak in the sky above some palm trees to accompany the article. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and provide the text found in the document:

---

YTON DAILY NEWS

Ball Of Fire
In Night Sky
Awes Florida

MIAMI, Fla., June 6.--(UP)--
Thousands of Floridians wondered today whether the explosive ball of fire and trail of light they saw in the sky last night was a meteor, a bomb, or something even more mysterious.

Residents in every section of the state saw the aerial explosion, according to the highway patrol, which was swamped with telephone calls from citizens demanding to know what had happened.

Police and authorities at military installations also reported seeing the “ball of fire” that streaked across the sky.

At MacDill Field in Tampa, the Army Flying Service acknowledged having seen the “phenomenon but clamped a “restricted” label on whatever further information it had concerning the flash.

Officers at MacDill Field said that since the “flying saucer scare” they had a practice of withholding statements until they could thoroughly explain the cause of such phenomena.

Officials at the Naval airport at Corpus Christi here reported that an explosion occurred with a tremendous burst of light across the sky at 7:50 p.m. (EST). A trail of luminous gases and particles streaked across the sky for 50 to 60 miles, they said, and was visible for 25 minutes.

Two forecasters at the Miami weather bureau were outside working with their instruments and described the phenomenon.

Lt. L. Moore said the sighted object “appeared somewhat smaller than a full moon. It lit up the sky to the northwest and fell vertical- leaving a luminous, weaving ail.”

W.R. Davis said he had never seen anything like it before. “A meteor usually flashes and is gone,” he said, “but this was a rather explosion than that of an ordinary meteor and the tail remained visible for at least 25 minutes.”

--- 

Please note, the accuracy of the transcription may not be perfect due to the image quality and any artifacts present in the scanned document.