There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
DETAILS:

CLEVELAND, OHIO UNCLASSIFIED 

Mr. T.P. HILLIARD, Aviation Safety Agent, Department Of Commerce, Civil Aeronautics Administration, Office of Aviation Safety. Municipal Airport Cleveland, Ohio, stated as follows:

"On March 7, 1949, at approximately 14:45 while enroute from Toledo, Ohio to Cleveland, Ohio, via aircraft, I had an unusual incident occur.

When approximately four miles west of Vermilion, Ohio. over the lakeshore at 2500 feet MSL altitude, an object was suddenly observed approaching head-on at the same altitude. I immediately pulled up into a steep right turn to avoid a collision and completed a turn to the right to observe the object with which I had nearly collided, but very much to my amazement. I was. unable to locate anything with the naked eye even after spending several minutes searching the area. There was an overcast approximately 500 feet above my altitude so I finally decided the object may have climbed into the clouds.

My first impression was that I had nearly collided with a powered model airplane but after giving it more thought, I realized this was impossible as the head-on view of the fuselage was too large to be that of a model as the front view of the fuselage appeared to have an oval shape the size as an P-80 and appeared to measure 18 to 20 inches from top to bottom and 12 to 14 inches in width and painted red. Wings were mounted in the center of the fuselage or as a mid-wing and each appeared be about three feet long or a total span of six to eight feet and were painted light gray.

After landing at Cleveland, Ohio, I discussed the incident with a few close friends and let the matter drop as it was so fantastic, but after careful consideration, I now think this information should be on record.

As a matter of information, I have been flying for twenty years with approximately 6500 hours and hold an Airline Transport Pilot Rating Certificate with all ratings. The foregoing is not meant to create a vivid imagination but an explanation of the facts to the best of my knowledge."

CLOSED

UNCLASSIFIED
```