The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page with typewritten text. Here is the text as requested for OCR output:

---
5.  3200th Electronics Laboratory, Cambridge Field Sta-
tion, studied all incidents by comparing evidence with research bal-
loon data, to determine which incidents may be attributed to various
types of research balloons.

6. Dr. P. K. Fitts, Psychologist, AMC Aero-medical Lab-
oratory was requested to review all material relative to sightings and
to provide psychological and illusory information and determine human
capacity for observing and remembering minute details of range, speed,
size, etc.

While these analyses were being conducted, the Swedish
Defense Staff was contacted through our Air Attache to learn the offi-
cial Swedish attitude toward the “ghost rockets”. The results of these
requests are contained in AA Reports, No. IP-1115-25, 30 December 1948,
and No. IR-47-49, 2 March 1949 (listed as Appendix “A”).

                             V.
         Discussion of Reports of Consulting Agencies

A.  Dr. J. A. Hynek, Final Report (see Appendix “B”). Dr.
Hynek’s report indicates the results of a concentrated study of all
flies up to and including Incident No. 212. However, as mentioned
above, Incidents 233 through 237 and all through 211 in the New Mex-
ico area will no be covered in this analysis. In addition to those inci-
dents were excluded by Dr. Fymek as explained in his summary on Page
4 of Appendix “B”, or the remaining 225 then treated, Dr. Hynek con-
cludes that approximately 33% were astronomical with varying degrees of
probability. He concluded that an additional 37% were not astron-
ical but suggestive of other explanations, such as birds, aerostats,
balloons, ordinarily aircraft, etc. The remaining 30% or so doctone
Hynek was concerned either listed insufficient evidence or evidence
offered suggested no explanation. In compiling these statistics,
Dr. Hynek cautiously associated each case at face value, without dis-
counting evidence that estimates hovered on the ludicrous and without
taking into consideration psychological factors. Dr. Hynek then stated
that “55% might conceivably be considered (although the likelihood of
their being so may be very small) as extra-terrestrial or astronomical
in origin”. These include those which either are definitely astron-
omical or can by suitable manipulation of the evidence be construed as
such.

B.  Hq, Air Weather Service, one indorsement and one letter
(see Appendix “C”). AFE Weather Service conducted an analysis simular-
aneously with Dr. Hynek tinging the same evidence, AWE attempted to deter-
mine whether a synoptic weather balloon could have been at the location
where a sighting was reported.

In this investigation consideration was given to the wind
direction and speed at the surface and aloft at the scheduled time of
balloon release, and the Location of the nearest weather station making
balloon observations. AWS used files of the first 233 incidents.

5
---

Please note the original text may contain typographical or OCR errors not corrected in this transcription.