The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a text-based document. Here is the text output as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS
Incident No. 249
1. Date of Observation 11 February 1949 Date of Interview 25 April 1949

2. Exact time of observation (local) 0555/L

3. Place of Observation: Lat. 48째57'30"N - long. 58째29'00"W (Curling East,
(Map Coordinates) Newfoundland)

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - giv details): 
On ground at Simmons and Furlongs Store, Curling East, Nfld, waiting 
for bus. Observer was looking northwest down the Humber Arm.

5. What attracted attention to object: Just looking down Humber Arm when 
object was sighted; Mr. Wells had 
called observer's attention to it.

6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or groupings: One - First 
observed as circular, then it faded and than flamed.

7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or 
fist at arms length): Compares it to a barrel or about the size of 
the morning sun. After it flared or flamed, the flame was described 
as very long about 10 to 50 ft., as one would look at such distance if 
it were directly in front of him. (HOW observer measures distances 
compared the the size of the fingers, thumb or fist for measurements).

8. Color of object: First observation - sort of red, dull not bright; 
second observation - when the object flamed it looked like oil on fire 
with little bits of flame on it.

9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object): First 
observation - Round like a ball; second - long elliptical flame, wider 
in the center than at the ends with little tits or flickers of flame 
in it.

10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - 0째 at horizon, 90째overhead): 
Looked 10 to 50 ft high over the land at about 20 miles distance.
(Observer not qualif'd to estimate the angular altitude).

11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from North): Approximate 
due Northwest.

12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, bldg, etc., over which 
object appearsd to be): 20-25 miles from observer.


UNCL
```