The image provided is a page from a document with text only; there are no photographs present in this image. Below is the text output from the page:

```
Engineering Division.
Memorandum Report No. MCREXD-69-14D
25 April 1949                                   UNCLASSIFIED

These conditions are largely lacking in the case of the data available
on unidentified flying objects. It is impossible to say with any
assurance what any particular individual in this series of 212 reports
was actually observing at any particular time. It is only possible
to examine the accumulation of available evidence or the accumulation
of all reports of a given class (i.e., all reports from supposedly
competent observers) and to consider them in a statistical sense. If
certain characteristics appear repeatedly in reports from different
people it may be possible to infer causal factors.

It will never be possible, on the other hand, to say with certainty
that any given observer could not have seen a space ship or an enemy
missile, or some other object. It will only be possible to estimate
the probability that he could have seen such things.

The principal hypotheses to be examined in the following discussion
is that reports of unidentified flying objects have the characteristics 
that would be expected if they were cases of failure, on the part of 
typical normal individuals, to identify common or familiar phenomena.
Possible Sources of Inaccurate Reports of Flying Objects

There are three broad classes of mistakes in human observations.
These are the following: 1. Misinterpreting the nature of real stimuli,
2. Mistaking unreal (imaginary) stimuli for real ones, and 3. Deliberate
misinformation. Each of these are considered briefly below.

(1) Errors in Identifying Real Stimuli. All normal,
intelligence people experience certain errors of observation. The
moon appears much larger on the horizon than when it is high in the
sky. A stick looks bent when one end is in water. Distant objects
appear relatively close in clear, desert atmosphere. A small point-
source of light, if viewed in a dark room, will appear to move about in 
a certain irregularity when there are no visual clues to its dist-
UNCLASSIFIED
```