The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document page.

Here is the text from the document:

---
Eng/neering Division
Macrosmann Report No. HCIVTVD-69-LTD 25 April 1949

UNCLASSIFIED

exposure to spot this type of person. Reports will be received by such
persons especially at times when the radio and newspapers carry accounts
of strange phenomena. Relatively few of the 212 investigations con-
sidered in this report are of this nature, probably because investigators
interviewed only the more reliable type of witness.

(3) Deliberate Falsifications. It is always possible that
some persons will give false reports. Circulation of false reports
has been a standard psychological warfare technique from earliest times.
This procedure might have some utility in wartime, but it hardly seems
likely that it would be resorted to at this time. Probably, however,
some individuals start false reports of "Flying saucers" for the same
reason that they turn in false fire alarms.

Some Consistent Points in the R.eports of Unidentified Objects.

The following section summarizes some significant facts that come
out of a tabulation of 212 reports of interrogations, by USAF Intelligence
Officer, of some of the individuals who reported seeing unidentified
flying objects. It is understood that these interrogations covered
primarily persons that were judged to be reliable. Most of the 212
reports were made by pilots, non-flying officers, professional men,
government employees, housewives and other supposedly dependable
people.

1. Number of objects. About 75% of the people who reported
on the number of objects seen said that they saw only one object.

2. Time the object remained in sight. About half of the persons
specifying time in sight saw the object for 60 seconds or less.

3. Altitude and distance of the object. Of those who estimated
the distance of the object, two-thirds judged it to be more than a mile
away. Ninety percent also thought that it was more than 1,000 feet high.

UNCLASSIFIED
---