The image provided appears to be a scanned document page, and there is no actual photograph present on the page. Below is the text contained within the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
GUIDE TO INVESTIGATOR
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

UNCLASSIFIED                             Incident no. ____________
Date of Observation 17 Feb 1949  Date of Interview 17 March 1949

2. Exact time of observation (local)

3. Place of Observation: 35 deg 8 Min N
   (Map Coordinates)        106 deg 35 Min W

4. Position of observer (air, or, bldg., location of - give details):
   Outside in height section of Albuquerque, New Mexico

5. What attracted attention to object; Light

6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping:
   One
   Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or
   fist at arms length): Too large for plane .. about as long near
   until end observation as one lunar disc.

7. Color of object: Brilliant white, shifting to peach color as it climbed.

8. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object):
   appeared round at first; then shifted to an ellipse, gradually lengthening
   until length was two times width.

9. Altitude (angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90°
   overhead): Was due to variation as object approached and rapid
   climb at and.

11. Direction from observer (angle clockwise from north):
   315° (taken by labs)

12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, bldg., etc., over which object
   appeared to be): Not ascertainable

13. Direction of flight of object(s): West to East; then North a little;
   then a sharp climb to South.

14. Time in sight: At least six (6) minutes.

15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance):

16. Sound and odor: None

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that some of the text in the document was obscured or not fully legible, and was therefore not transcribed. The document appears to be part of Project Blue Book, a series of systematic studies of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force.