The image presented is a text document and does not contain any photographs. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and transcribe the text from the document:

```
ESSENTIAL ELEMENTS OF INFORMATION (concl'd)

b. “Maneuver” - Interpreted.

c. Stability - Positive

d. Noise - No abnormalties in proportion or volume - distinct in
color in past cases; noise relative to observations of aircraft and radio signals.

b. Speed - Average estimation of speed.

c. Size - Estimation of size at distance based on comparison of
known aircraft wingspans. Estimation of shot distances is false.

7. Reliability of observer

a. Inquiry checks neighbor and fellow employee always reveal no
derogatory informatio9. Observer is considered truthful and reliable.

8. Objects were noticed occasionally and attention was not drawn to
them by any specific occurrence, but a cause of daily association with aircraft.

9. No other witnesses could be located.

10. No unusual notions, comments and discussion of incident during interview
would indicate an a - - - - - most average in intelligence. This was verified by
grades obtained while attending CAA classes. It was apparent that
observer at his property, but his description of the object observed in MPH was
his statement of size when viewed (one quarter of an inch) seems to indicate
initial C.O. was; since articles or radio reports, although this was denied. All
persons interviewed regarding SAIL stated that his character, integrity and
dependability were of the highest.

GENERAL

1. Local Weather Conditions, Elko, Nevada, 7 May 1949

a. 0928 PST; scattered clouds at 25000 feet; Visibility 30 miles;
Wind SSW at 8 miles per hour Temperature 63⁰F; Dewpoint 33⁰F

b. 1014 PST; scattered clouds at 25000 feet; Visibility 30 miles;
Wind SSW at 17 miles per hour Temperature 63⁰F; Dewpoint 33⁰F

c. 1027 PST; no cloud cover; Visibility 50 miles; wind W at 19 miles
per hour; Temperature 66⁰F; Dewpoint 29⁰F

d. 1105 PST; no cloud cover; Visibility 50 miles; wind WSW at 20
miles per hour; Temperature 65⁰F; Dewpoint 29⁰F

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that some words may be partially cut off or illegible in the original document, resulting in uncertain transcription, like "informatio9" which likely should be "information." Also, "C.O." seems to be a reference but is incomplete in the text.