The image does not contain a photograph; it's a scanned page of a document.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
2 May 1949
or
Subject: Investigation of Unidentified Flying Object

sausage shaped in that both the forward and trailing ends resembled a sharp nose. The object was on a heading approximately North to a 230-280 approximate return course when it was originally seen while he made his first observation. This object disappeared to the rear of the F-11 and then apparently it made a 360° turn around it as it made his second observation approximately fifteen (15) seconds later when the object appeared to his right and made a 180° turn in front of him, again disappearing to the rear. The total length of time for both of these observations was approximately twenty (20) seconds. The weather at the time was reported to be high thin scattered clouds at 20,000 feet, sky 10 miles. Temperature was 56, dew point 34, with a wind from the South at about eight (8) miles per hour. Visibility to the west was one (1) mile, with fronts closing in to the south at about three (3) miles with a few ships observing the scattered overcasts. Supper conditions 200’ visibility changing from time to time in dust swept about by the head gear as the objects in the faces were all between the index and third finger. The object had no definite color and no luminosity. There were no protrusions, no very minor appearance to the no effect on clouds as yet by layer of superstrates that its altitude was drawn to the object the city and a presumption from the objects trail. Investigation of experienced from pilots reveal that although slow it was atrial unlike our observed any objects behind the trail of the F-11 right the tail pipe. The pilot was in the blackouts, looking at the top of the operational envelope flying of the object. The pilot attempted to contact another pilot flying a similar mission who was approximately ten (10) minutes behind him to ask him to watch for the object. He was answered by an unidentified voice over the radio whose he believed to be the pilot he was calling. Upon landing however, he discovered that although other pilots had received his message he had not been able to contact them because of the interference created by the unidentified person answering his call. The other pilots likewise observed nothing of the object.

d. It will be noted that the original report of this incident was sent to Air Material Command from March Flight Service Center. Investigation revealed that March Flight Service Center was informed of the occurrence by a report from Los Angeles Control Center. This Control Center probably received its information from one (1) or more of four (4) Radio Range Stations in the vicinity. These are the Bakersfield Radio, Lancaster Radio, Newhall Radio or Los Angeles Radio. It is believed that it was the operator on duty at one of these range stations that answered his call, although he did not identify himself and no information of a more definite nature could be obtained.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
Air Force Form 61
```

Please note, there may be errors in the transcription, as the quality of the document and the clarity of the text may affect the accuracy of the OCR process.