There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the text output from the document:

24-48                                                      CHECK SHEET                                                     UNCLASSIFIED
UNCONNEIIONAL .AIRCRAFT - PROJECT .I.NQUIRY

1.   Date of sighting      14 September 1949

2.  Time of sighting (zonal by 24 hr. clock) 1630 hours

3.  Where sighted (observer's position)

    a. Ground    Standing in backyard of residence on edge of Scottsbluff,
                 Nebrask  
    b. Air                               N/A
    c. Sea                               N/A

4.  Number of objects. Formation type (if any), sketch if possible One

5.  Observable celestial phenomena or planets that may account for the
    sighting. (Local facilities or organizations which follow such
    celestial phenomena should be consulted for such information) No
    celestial phenomena or planets were observed in the area of Scotts-
    bluff, Nebrask, 14 September 1949.

6.  Distance of object from observer:

    a. Laterally or Horizontally First sighted coming out of a cloud on
       horizon in northeast approximately 20 miles away.

    b. Angle of elevation from horizon Object proceeded due southwest
       and disappeared behind hills.
    c. Altitude                          Estimated 3,000 - 10,000 feet

7.  Time in sight60 - 90 seconds.

8.  Appearance of object

    a.  Color     alumin(i)um with h i h reflective qualities
    b.  Shape (Sketch if possible) See Inclosure #2
    c.  Apparent construction (of what material or substance) aluminum
    d.  Size      Approximately 25' diameter with each wing and center por-
                  tion comprising equal parts.

9.  Direction of flight: Northeast to southwest

10. Tactics or maneuvers (Vertical ascent or descent, horizontal, scintil-
    lating, fluttering, evasive, aggressiv(ely), erratic, etc. Assumed level
    flight - center section stable with wings alternately oscillating at 300
    to 450 angle. As wings would oscillate, the space would appear
    to dim slightly toward the ground on opposite side of moving wing.

                                                               UNCLASSIFIED

                                                                  Inc #3
