The image you've provided does not contain a photograph. It is a page with typed text. Here's the transcription of the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS

1. Investigation predicated upon receipt of report by District Commander, 
17th District, Office of Special Investigations that a Fireball was reported to 
have fallen in the vicinity of Capitan, New Mexico.

AT CAPITAN, NEW MEXICO

2. Lt. PHIL BLAISE, Deputy Sheriff, Lincoln County advised the writer tele-
phonically on 5 December 1949 that a falling Fireball had been observed in this
vicinity by a Mr. --------.

3. Mr. --------, -------, was contacted on 5 December 
1949 and related the following information; At 1930 to 1945 hours while driving 
east from Carrizozo, New Mexico accompanied by his wife their attention was attrac-
ted to an intense bluish-green light at an angle of 40° as viewed from in-
side their car. This light appeared as one (1) object and in shape appeared to
resemble a teardrop or raindrop. As this object neared the ground it appeared to
increase greatly in size. The approximate object position at this time was 33° 37' North 
and 105° 45' West. This object disappeared at approximately 2° True at the horizon
from this position. No sound or odor was noted. A trail of bluish-green light in 
width the same size as the fireball and tapering off to a point was observed. The 
luminosity was very brilliant. The distance from the observer according to his es-
timation was about five (5) miles. The speed was very slow. No projections or fins
were in evidence. At the time of sighting the object was in a dive and disappeared 
either into or behind a mountain peak. The weather at this time was very clear, no 
clouds. The date of this observation was 4 December 1949.

4. The writer ascertained that the reputation of -------- is good in this 
community. The persons interviewed regarding --------
and it appeared from their remarks that his character and reputation for veracity 
are excellent.

5. In a check of the community for possible other witnesses to this phenom-
enon, Lt. --------, Patient, United States Marine Hospital, stated to the 
writer that he observed this strange light at the same time as 
-------- along with -------- elicited substantially the same information obtained from 
-------- of the exception of location. The location at the time of sighting 
was 33° 30' North and 105° 34' West. First seen at an elevation of about 40° and 
disappeared at 330° from his position. Inasmuch as -------- is a patient in the 
hospital and not known in Capitan, no attempt was made to check his reputation for
veracity.

6. A careful scrutiny of the location from where the object disappeared was 
negative in regards to any evidence.

AT CARRIZOZO, NEW MEXICO

7. The Lincoln County Sheriff's Office was notified to contact the writer 
upon receipt of any information pertaining to any object on the ground in this 
vicinity.

-2- UNCLASSIFIED

CONFIDENTIAL
```

Please note that portions of the text have been redacted.