This page does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text reproduced from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED  File no. 2-1-23

DETAILS:

1. This investigation was requested by Commanding Officer, Cra⬸er Hillss-
burgh Airport, Coraopolis, Pa., who on 10 June 1⥿49, telephonically advised 
the Detachment Commander, 3rd OSI District Detachment, Coraopolis, Pa., that 
Mr.⬤⬤⬤⬤, Chief Engineer, Pittsburgh Coal Washer Co., Ambriage, Pa.,
reported that at approximately 1015 hours 1⥿ June 1949 on Old Browns⬤⬤⬤
Road, about 1-1/2 miles southeast of Ginger Hill, Pa., he sighted an object, oval in 
shape and very thin with respect to its diameter flying parallel to Old Browns⬤⬤⬤
ville Road from northwest to southeast at an altitude of ap⬤⬤⬤roximately 1,000
feet.

AT AMBRIDGE, PA.

2. ⬤⬤⬤⬤, Chief Engineer, Pittsburgh Coal Washer Co, (residence
⬤⬤⬤⬤ ⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤ Pa.), was interviewed at his place of employment on 15 June
1949 and stated that on 10 June 1949 at 1015 hours ⬤⬤⬤⬤, while enroute to ⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤
ville Boro, Washington Co., Pa., accompanied by his brother, he was 
proceeding in a southerly direction on the Old Browns⬤⬤⬤⬤ Road, approximately
1-1/2 miles southeast of Ginger Hill, Pa., when he first saw what he thought was 
an airplane. The Glancing at the object again it appeared to be very thin in
respect to its diameter and traveling at least twice the speed of an ordinary
aircraft. He described the object as flying parallel to the road on which he 
was traveling, at approximately 4,000 feet and 1-1/2 miles to the right of Old 
Browns⬤⬤⬤⬤ Road, and further stated the object tilted approximately 15° and 
moved that it was oval in shape and appeared to be highly polished, similar to 
highly polished aluminum. Further advised that the object did not maneuver in any 
way and there was no apparent evidence of exhaust or vaporization. The object
appeared to be clean in its oval shape and there was no evidence of lights or 
projections. It made no sound. It ⬤⬤⬤⬤ Stated that the thickness of the object 
in relation to diameter at thickest point was approximately ten percent (10%) and
the diameter was comparable to the wing spread of a two-engine aircraft. The 
object was flying in straight and level flight, approximately twice the speed of
conventional aircraft, and was in line of sight for approximately thirty (30)
seconds. The object, according to ⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤ was lost from sight when trees along 
the road obscured the view. According to ⬤⬤⬤⬤ brother, who resides at 
350 Jefferson Drive, Mt Lebanon, Pa., and was a passenger in the automobile at 
the time did not see the object. ⬤⬤⬤⬤ advised he has been Chief Engineer 
for the Pittsburgh Coal Washer Co. for the past thirty-eight (38) years and has 
been interested, to a limited extent, in aviation. ⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤ Chief Designer has work 
which is engineering and drafting. ⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤ stated his ability to distinguish colors,
speed of objects and distances is a result of his everyday work requiring such 
knowledge.

3. On 15 ⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤ President, Pittsburgh Coal Washer Co., was inter-
viewed in ⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤⬤ office and advised that ⬤⬤⬤⬤ has been em-
ployed by the Company for the past thirty-eight (38) years and is a respected and 
trusted employee. He knew of no derogatory information concerning ⬤⬤⬤⬤

UNCLASSIFIED 2
```

Please note that due to redactions, some names and parts of the text are not readable and have been marked with ⬤⬤⬤⬤ symbols.