The document is a textual report without any photographs present. Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

COPY 

NARRATIVE OF FLYING DISC REPORTS DURING THE PERIOD OF 14-24 OCTOBER 1949 IN THE VICINITY OF MT. PALOMAR, CALIFORNIA

About the 16th October 1949, one of the scientists at the California Institute of Technology reported to the Office of Naval Research, Washington, that he had heard a fantastic story of flying discs being observed near the Observatory at Mt. Palomar; the unusual feature of the report being that a recording Geiger counter was so activated at the time of these sightings that it went completely off-scale. If true, of course, it meant possibly that the flying discs were powered by some form of atomic energy. Two different men at the Palomar Observatory had witnessed these incidents. Contact was made with Dr. ---------- Geiger of the Naval Electronics Laboratory, who was operating the recording Geiger counter on a continuing basis. Dr. ---------- went to Palomar to investigate the stories, and brought back. the tape showing the unusual oscillations of the pen. Dr. ---------- could offer no explanation although he was skeptical of any flying disc theory.

The eminent physicist, Dr. ---------- of the California Institute of Technology, was consulted and he gave his opinion:

(a) It was not likely that the reaction of the Geiger counter was the result of an atomically powered plane, inasmuch as the pen went off-scale and returned to scale in a matter of seconds; whereas the polluted air from an atomic engine would tend to linger in the vicinity for some minutes.

(b) It was most likely that the electrical relaying or amplifying mechanism of the Geiger counter had been activated by a plane's radio, altimeter, or radar mechanism. This was particularly true if the Geiger counter and amplifier were not shielded.

Dr. Pokey of MIT reported that the Geiger counter and its mechanism was not completely shielded, and he agreed that it was most probable that the plane's altimeter or radar had tripped the mechanism of the Geiger counter.

In the meantime, an effort was made to find out if planes from the Naval Air Station at San Diego had been in the vicinity of Palomar on the dates in question, i.e., the 14th and 17th October. A negative reply was received but this was not considered conclusive for any one of a number of reasons, including the fact that the planes may have been operating from some other field.

Arrangements were made for a plane to fly over Palomar and use its altimeter and radar to see if it would activate the Geiger counter. This was on/or about 21 October. Upon receiving a negative reply as to any unusual behavior of the Geiger counter, plans were made with Commander, Air Force, Pacific Fleet, for a series of flights to be made at various times and altitudes in the vicinity of Palomar, using radio, altimeter, and radar. Both conventional and jet planes were used. These tests were run on 9 November 1949. The results were completely negative, i.e., the Geiger counter made no unusual recording during any of these nearby flights.

UNCLASSIFIED

ENCL 5

--- 

This document details investigations into flying discs reportedly observed around Mt. Palomar, California in October 1949, including the involvement of a Geiger counter reacting during the sightings.