The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with text only. Below is the text present on the page:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

On the afternoon of 25 May 1949, I was in the Supply and Salvage 
Yard with Colonel Petersen and Mr. Shaughnessy of the Inspector's 
Office, and Lt Gable and Mr. Van Leeuwen of Base Salvage. While we
were standing in the yard discussing the condition of the Salvage Yard,
I heard an airplane overhead, which sounded to me to be quite high. I
looked into the sky in the direction from which the sound seemed to be
coming and could not discern the plane. However, in scanning the sky,
I observed a globular object traveling slightly east of south, at what
I estimated to be approximately the same speed that a C-47 travels. I
remarked to the company in general that I saw a globular object and Lt.
Cable, after asking me the general direction, stated that he saw it
also. He also remarked that he saw one a while ago traveling in the
same general direction. I only saw the one and did not know that he
had seen one previously until I called his attention to the one I saw.
We discussed the probability of its being a weather balloon.

With no basis for my judgment other than the fact that when I first
saw it, I expected to see a plane, I estimated it to be at least 40,000
feet above sea level. The first view lasted possibly 15 seconds, after
which I lost sight of it, then some 15 to 30 seconds later I saw it the
second time for possibly 10 seconds. With north as zero, I estimate
the first sight was at 1 o'clock. Mr. Shaughnessy stated that he glanced
at his watch when I mentioned it and the time was 1407.

The object seemed to me to be over the west slope of the Wasatch
Range and slightly south of due east of Hill Field, which if my impress-
ion of the height and distance was correct would indicate that the
object was considerably larger than a weather balloon.

[signed]
OAKLEY V. GORDON,
Asst
Air Inspector

UNCLASSIFIED
```