The document provided does not contain any photographs. It is a textual page with a header indicating that it is from the Kirtland Air Force Base and is unclassified. Below is the OCR output of the text present in the document:

---
AT KIRTLAND AIR FORCE BASE1 UNCLASSIFIED

On 13 January 1949 Dr. --------- provided a letter from one
of his students at the University of New Mexico, relevant to
an observation of 5 December 1948. The information contained in this letter
is summarized below:

At about 2000 hours, 5 December 1948, while walking along the west
side of Varsity Village, a University housing area, --------- saw a bright
green "meteorite." The color was a brilliant green, as in a traffic signal,
or a neon tube. There was a definite tail to the object, i.e., it was not
merely a point of light. Venus was very hard to determine, but was esti-
mated on the third that the gu title that planet - was visible in the daytime.
He discounted any claim of noc as to the size, however, saying
that ----- could not definitely say. The object appeared in the western sky,
vertically about five degrees. There was mi definite corona or halo effect,
but no sparks or trail were produced. The sky was hazy and there was a
cloud cover at the time of the sighting, but ---- did not recall any
extent of the cloudiness. No stars were visible in the part of the sky where
the "meteor" was observed.

NOTE: No other report of observation for 5 December gives a time element of
20D2 hours. ----------- will be contacted by Dr. LaPaz in an effort to obtain
precise measurement of his observational angle.

2. The report of observation by Lance SARL WILLIS, A333, was provided
by Lt. Col. JOHN A. CAROLIN, Chief Inspector, A333, Los Alamos, New Mexico on
17 January 1948. This report provided the following data:

Date: 6 January 1949 Color: Brilliant green
Time: 0310 Elevation: 3 to 5 degrees
Direction: Azimuth 30 degrees Trajectory: Flat
Speed: Slower than a meteor Observation 101

The object was visible for about two seconds, low in the sky to the
northwest. It moved in a straight line at high speed. It looked like a
bright green incandescent light. No estimate of size could be made. Direction
of movement was east to west, flew on a level course, disappearing behind the
mountainous horizon to the west. (Inclosure 1)

3. On 7 January 1949 the Chiet, Physical Security Branch, Sandia Base,
New Mexico, (S/ATH/S.J. DOYLE), forwarded a report of observation by Pfc.
------------------- 5450th MP. Group.
that on 6 January 1949, while guarding an aircraft near the Ordnance Area,
Kirtland Air Force Base, he had observed a bright object travelling across
the sky. The time was approximately 1730, and the APO specified, providing
a clear blue background. The object was aimed shaped, about two feet long,
bright white in color, and moving at a high rate of speed. Altitude was
estimated at 1500 to 2000 feet; altitude traverse was estimated at 500
feet. There was no sound or trail. Two other persons with -------- did not
see the object. (Inclosure 2)

UNCLASSIFIED
---

Please note that the image contains redaction marks as indicated by a series of dashes where sensitive information has been obscured prior to declassification and release.