There is no photograph in the document provided. Here is the text from the document, transcribed as accurately as possible:

```plaintext
1425 UNCLASSIFIED
"Flying Disc" incident in Dayton, Ohio
3 May 1949

Sighted by "Mrs. [redacted]" at 1655 hours, 3 May 1949. Mrs. [redacted]
"Mr. [redacted]" on te telephon. The sighting was reported b
viewed by the undersiend A-2, [redacted]. As the two witnesses were inter-
"Mr. [redacted]) the following information was presented:

[redacted]
Her attention was first called to the object by Mrs. [redacted]. It was
sighted almost directly north of their position in the back yard to heir
homes. (In elevation, it appeared to be just above the hose line the next
street (estimated by undersigned 25° elevation). The object was could not
be determined, it proceeded in an easterly direction climbing very rapidly,
seemly to level out for a short while, then climbed rapidly, disappeaaring in
the red twilight of the horizon, but firstly direction. The object was round in
shape when seen in full in the westward direction. The west side gave the
coloration "glinting over" silhouet, but when seen edgewise, it was concave
in color but not the other side plus brightness continuously. The side was dull
object could be estimated it did not appear very lar". "prett fast."
any size could not be estimated, it did not appear very large or the air
but could have been a room-sized object. There was no trail, no vapor or smoke,
minutes, but she had no idea what the object could be. This latter statement
was repeated several times. What the time in sight was described as two or threo
it was probably a much shorter time than made by the undersigned, she thought
"two or throu" minutes.

[redacted]
The location and direction of 'ovement coinciding exactly with the descript-
tion of Mrs. [redacted]. The also described the "flipping motion" stating that,
when it leveled off, then started its rapid rather leisurely, but picked up speed
golden or bronze in color. She could not estimate the shiny side seemed to be
when questioned about the size she was quite certain the it was away, however,
the size of the aircraft that were always flyin' around and move fast however
an airplane.' The time in sight was described as "two or three" minutes. There
was no trail of vapor or smoke and no noise. There was no other object of any
but not round in all directions. It appeared to be flat, when seen edqewise,
thus could hardly be seen in that attitude. Her son also saw the object and
described it as being like the lid of a large tin can sailing the air (i.e.,
the way a flat round object sails when thrown and spun, turning over gradually.)

A. B. Deyarmond

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3-YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

Please note that some text in the document may be redacted or indecipherable, which is represented by "[redacted]" or may be missing due to the quality of the scan.