There are no photographs in the image provided. It appears to be a text document. Here is the OCR output of the text:

Detach this sheet and keep it for future use!

Occasionally at night and less often by day a person has
the good fortune to see a great meteor or fireball. As the
number seen in the average lifetime is very small, great pains
should be taken to make as accurate observations as possible.
We must have the observer's name, the place from which the
object was seen (the position of the observer's station must be
given as exactly as he can find it, i.e., to within a mile if
possible), and the hour and minute when the object appeared.
Even for the fireball itself, the fundamental data are the points
in the sky at which it appeared, and the point at which it dis-
appeared. If it was seen at night, and the observer knows
the constellations, these points can at once be described ac-
curately with regard to neighboring stars. If, as usual, the
person seeing the fireball does not know any stars or constella-
tions, the beginning and end points can be fixed only by their
directions and their angular heights above the horizon. Every-
one knows what is meant by directions, but few can fix them
accurately. However, particularly with the observer in a
familiar place, he can fix the points if he regards trees, poles,
houses, etc. Then with the help of a friend who can determine
angles, he can measure off the directions and altitudes quite
simply. If no such friend is available, the best thing to do is to
use a compass or if possible to check up the directions from
some map of the surrounding territory. As for altitudes, it is
90 degrees from the horizon to the zenith; hence one must
make the best estimate of what part of 90 degrees each of the
two altitudes is. The Pointers of the Big Dipper are five de-
grees apart; the 'Belt of Orion" in three degrees long. Either
will help in estimating a distance in degrees.

Warning should be here given that the use of miles, yards,
feet, or inches to describe the heights or lengths of paths of
meteors or fireballs has no possible meaning and the words are
wasted. As a check on the direction of the path, it is always
useful to give the angle of the path—in degrees, or by a dia-
gram—with the horizon, of course saying which way the meteor
was going. The object's size should be compared with that of
the full Moon or some planet or bright star. Here again the
use of "inches" in describing diameters has absolutely no mean-
ing, nor has the comparison of the meteor with balls or fruit.
If possible, the duration of flight should be estimated in seconds,
and if an explosion is seen, one should time carefully how many
minutes or seconds elapse before it is heard. This is an excel-
lent check on other observations.

If the object is seen in daylight, exactly the same notes
should be made, except that here it is impossible to use the
stars as reference points. In all cases additional notes as to
color, trains left, peculiar motion, etc., are useful.

A report which has only part of the desired data may be
very valuable; please send us everything noted about the fire-
ball, whether it is much or little. Your observations may in-
clude just the one point lacking in reports from other people,
and so may make possible a solution of the height and orbit.

If a long-enduring train remains after meteor has dis-
appeared, the direction in which this drifts and its changes of
shape should be carefully noted, say at one minute intervals,
if it lasts this long. In any case, all drifts are of the greatest
importance for studies of the upper atmosphere.

UNCLASSIFIED