There is no photograph present in the image; it is a text document. Here is the transcription of the text:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS 93D BOMBARDMENT WING (H)
Castle Air Force Base, California    SPJ/SMC/tb
                                                       APR 7 1950

OIRG 000.92

SUBJECT: Report of Possible Intelligence Interest.

TO:       Commanding General
          Air Material Command
          Wright-Patterson AFB,
          Wright Field, Ohio
          ATTN: TIAAIO

1.      Mr.  , residing at  , California, appeared at this base of his own 'accord and made the enclosed statement. Mr.  is a member of the active USAF Reserve with rank of Major. He attained rating of pilot in August, 1941 and has approximately 2200 hours flying time. During his active duty period in World War II he states that he had considerable night flying experience in connection with his military assignment. Mr.  wishes to state that he did not hear Walter Winchell's newscast on the night of 3 April 1949. He states that the reason for reporting this occurrence is the unusual observation and was not prompted by anything written or heard concerning these objects because he thought that he might hear such news and thus be biased for a period of six months. An attempt to locate other witnesses in the area through the local newspaper proved unsuccessful.

2.      "I had occasion to step from my home, located approximately one mile west of the town of Merced, on the night of April 14, 1949, at approximately 2220. My attention was diverted to a clicking noise of considerable intensity. I stopped on the sidewalk about 20 feet from the front steps and recognized the source of this clicking to be in the sky in an area about 40° from the surface of the earth in an easterly direction. The condition was 2000' thin broken with light variable wind surface winds reported at the north nine M.P.H. at Castle as filed four thousand sky home is approximately seven miles south of castle and in an area somewhat sheltered from surface winds and no appreciable surface winds was apparent at the time the aural observation was made. After about ten seconds of looking into the area described previously as being the area of this sound, an object was observed blacking out stars in observed in a straight line in a west or northwesterly direction, The object, being a pilot, its shape can be described as only a solid mass. Its size can be estimated as four or five feet in diameter in keeping with an estimated altitude of considerably less than 1000 (one thousand) feet. Color not shown by the object and sound like the only two occasions, and recurring to the

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
                                               UNCLASSIFIED
```