There are no photographs in the image you've provided.

Transcription of text:

UNCLASSIFIED
means of producing lift for such a body, other than by aerostatic (simple buoyancy) means, would be by rotation of the sphere with translational motion relative to the air; or by discharging a stream of air vertically downward. Aerodynamic flight could be accomplished with a rotating sphere, provided the detailed design problems, including stability and control were worked out. The methods, using a blower system or jets, would require the use of greatly amounts of energy and while they could be used for flights of very short range and duration, would not ordinarily be considered as practical by aeronautical designers.

The obvious explanation for most of the spherical shaped objects is that they are meteorological or similar type balloons. This, however, does not explain reports that the travel at high speed or maneuver rapidly. It is possible that the movement of the objects was some kind of an optical illusion, or that movement for a brief period due to a gas leak in the balloon was exaggerated by observers.

Balls of Light

No reasonable hypothesis of the true nature of balls of light, such as that reported by Lt. Governor at Fargo, N. Dakota, has been developed that explains the observations reported. The most reasonable explanation is that the lights were suspended from balloons, or other means of support, not visible at night, and the violent maneuvers reported are due to illusion.

Probability of Scientific Developments In Advance of Knowledge In This Country.

Consideration has been given to the possibility that these unidentified aircraft represent scientific developments beyond the level of knowledge attained in this country. Since this is probably the most advanced of the industrial nations on the earth, and our interest in scientific developments throughout the world is very active, it would be necessary for any other country to conduct research and development work in extreme secrecy for any such project to have reached such an advanced state of development without a hint of its existence becoming known here. The only nation on earth with extensive technical resources which has such rigid security, is the U.S.S.R. An objective evaluation of the ability of the Soviets to produce technical development so far in advance of the rest of the world results in the conclusion that the possibility is extremely remote. Most of the successful Soviet aeronautical developments have been produced by utilizing experience of other nations, some of them being very close copies, so it is very unlikely that they have developed the propulsion and control devices necessary to make these objects preform as described.

Another possibility is that these aerial objects are visitors from another planet. Little is known of the probabilities of life on other planets, so there is no basis on which to judge the possibility that civilizations far in advance of ours exist outside of the Rand projection on this possibility by Dr. James Lipp. The comment in Appendix B indicates that this solution of the mystery connected with the sighting of unidentified flying

UNCLASSIFIED
- 9 -
S-11750