The image does not contain any photographs. As requested, here is the text extracted from the document using OCR:

```
DETAILS: UNCLASSIFIED

1. Investigation revealed an unknown OBJECT was sighted at sunset, 12-May
1949, in vicinity of Christiansburg and Roanoke, Va. OBJECT appeared as a long,
narrow, oblong; streak moving up;arr from a point on the horizon in the west to
overhead and disappeared in the east. OBJECT's size, height and speed could not
be accurately determined and in unusual weather or ELT conditions existed.
Air traffic reported as two (2) naval aircraft and some ic airlines flahts
over the area. Only other known object released over area was a weather balloon used for winds aloft reading's.

AT CHRISTIANSBURG, VIRGINIA

2. On 2 August 1949, Mr. ---- ---- was interviewed and stated in
substance: "That at approximately 1930 hours on 12 May 1949, he was standing
in the front yard of his home when his small daughter called attention to an
OBJECT in the sky. At first sighting, a single OBJECT appeared at approximately
30-45 degrees from North and traveled in straight line to disappearance by
south-east to north-east on a highfs from Tri-City Airport in Washington, DC.,
approximately over Johnston and Roanoke in a direction approximately 45 degrees from
north. The OBJECT was described as "a long streak of glowing light" leaving a
short reddish-yellow dull glowing trail; at first which then lost as it moved
to the overhead position. ---- stated over 40 miles per hour the OBJECT was
in view for ten minutes and the speed was tried the It would estimate to be could not
estimate the size o'er the light was not bright and the right was uniform. He
the OBJECT was overhead. ---- stated a deep far away roar was ueard when
could not say wether or not the sound came from or had any connection to the
OBJECT. ---- funished opinions to the effect that OBJECT is believed to
have had some connection with the sun—sunlight—and the atmosphere. The smoke or
vapor trail was seen and it is believed OBJECT was so high that no vapor trail
was left or could be seen. A powerful set of field glasses were used in an
effort to bring the OBJECT into view but no results were obtained.

OCCUPATION is manager of a Furniture Factory and his hobbies
are Golf and Baseball. Neighborhoods and police checks reveal no
record of drinking, or of a criminal nature. He is a man or average no
intelligence and has had a very good education. He and his family are held
thought of in the community for honesty and truthfulness.
to be an excellent physical condition, does not wear eyes-glasses, is 32 years
of age. is of average height and husky build. He was an Air Force pilot
with the Ferry Command and ATC during the war and has flown over the area in
vicinity of Christiansburg and Roanoke, Virginia.

3. On 2 August 1949, Mr. and Mrs ---- ---- were in-
terviewed and stated substantially the same in substance: On 12 May 1949, at
approximately fifteen (15) to twenty (20) minutes after sunset, they were in the 
front yard of their home located one mile west of Christiansburg, VI in on
---- Highway 11) when "ress ---- called attention to an UNIC7RING the 
sky. At first sighting, a single OBJECT appeared at approximately 260 degrees
from north and traveled in a straight line from west to east, fading from sight
due to height or behind a hill in the northeast approximately 120 degrees from
north. The OBJECT was described as resembling a flourescent light the color of
UNCLASSIFIED
```