The provided image does not contain any photographs. It contains text from a document that I will transcribe below:

---
Page & 3 Incident iou

Name and address of observer: Lafayette, Indiana

Occupation and hobbies:

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:
Saving Time; then disappeared for a few minutes and took up their paths in the original place in the heavens, where we first noticed them.
   We watched them as we cast for bass in the stone quarry until 3 A. M. Daylight Saving Time, at which time they faded from sight and we saw them no more. Through the entire time we viewed the objects they were continually flying.
   I might state that neither I nor any companion were in the last imaginative or neurotic. We had not partaken of any stimulants or narcotics whatsoever and so were able to view these objects in the full possession of our faculties.
   This we will attest. They were real, tangible objects, presumably of metal, aluminum or magnesium, as I have stated before, as we could plainly see in the combined spots of our flashlights, and the searchlights which were trained on the objects confirmed this.
   One idea is that. They might be a northern light phenomena. This we discard this theory since northern lights do not move in regular orbits in a regular directions.
   Then we speculated as to their being searchlights thrown out. I walked out in an open field and look, but could see no ray of I;ht which will shine up from the ground as a luminous band when a search-light or beacon is trained upward.
   They could not be landing field beacons. The nearest landing field is at Logansport, a considerable distance from Delphi.
   The thought that they might be large bats or birds, whose wings reflected rays of the city lights of Delphi as they flew, entered our minds. I went to the edge of the road, and placed myself between the nearest street light and the objects and they still showed the same glow as they spun around in their orbits.
   We took those precautions as there has been a lot of joking talk and news stories kept appearing about the "flying saucers" being xrrax various planets which shine brilliantly, due to favorable atmosphere conditions, or their proximity to the earth. Planets, while they move, their movement is only noticeable on the direction finder of a large telescope, and can not be detested by the naked eye alone.
   We make the statement that the objects we saw flying; through the sky of are solid construction. There have been so many reports on seeing; them that there is bound to be foundation of fact concerning them, Just as the rockets which not so long ago appeared over Sweden.

This statement is given to you for such evaluation as you see fit to make.
f/s/______ [Signature]
---