The image does not contain any photographs but is a page with typewritten text. Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCL
5D 2J-21V
PROJECT "GRUDGE"

While the one craft was on the ground he observed a "whinyin" sound, but c:uld
not determine whcter it came from the craft on the ground or the three craft
hovering above.

d. While the hatch was open he observed "a number of tubes running
at an angle of 70’ to 80’ down to the bottom o f the craft. The tubes were
located inside the hatch and seemed to be reaction chambers of some type, or
expansion chambers."

e. The craft "took off in a northwesterly direction with a 70’ angle
of ascent and was slow at the beginning with a sudden burst of speed upward."
After the craft had reached an altitude of "approximately 1200 feet" it joined
the three other craft which had been hovering above the island while the first
craft landed and the four aircraft then flew off, continuing in the northwesterly
direction "at an approximate speed of 600-650 miles, per hour, comparable to
an American Jet aircraft. Their speed increased at a rate which could not be
judged any further, but as a layman I judged the speed approximately 1600-
1900 miles per hour, or that of a super-sonic speed. The (four) craft dis­
appeared above the horizon at an altitude of approximately 5000 feet, and were
climbing at a steady rate" before they went out of sight.

f. From his observation, two of the three craft in the air were
made of stainless steel and the third was of a "bluish" cast, while the fourth
craft which landed was also made of stainless steel; the dimensions of these
objects or craft were "approximately 80 feet in length and 45 to 50 feet in
width; the profile of the craft resembled a flying section of an aircraft,
the thickness of which was eight to ten feet at the widest part", and the
weight of the aircraft was approximately 40 to 60 tone.

g. The control of the craft from a propulsion standpoint was
handled internally" and there was "no external trace of any jet or recip­
rocating engines."

h. The weather conditions were clear and the clouds were high, with
a ceiling of approximately 4000 feet.

i. He had called the city desk of the New York Daily Mirror, New
York City, at 0530 hours, 23 June 1949 and tried to relate his story to them
and was told that they were not interested in his story; he then called the
Research and Development Section of the Navy at Washington, D. C.

j. He held the rating of Fireman l/c in the Navy on an L.C.S. during
the war; his serial number was 7232106; he was discharged on 3 December 1947
with a 10% disability which was due to a nervous condition which he said had
improved since that time. He is a general machinist by trade but is unemployed
and is living on his disability pension.

3. During this interview, Mr. GASS was requested by this agent to make a
sketch of the object or craft which he claims to have seen. Mr. GASS fountered
UNCLASSIFIED
```