The image you have provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text document page. Here is the OCR output of all the text found in the document:

```plaintext
5th IND-Air
SUBJECT: SIGHTINGS

flying object leaving a purplish colored trail behind.

6. Mr. A. Williams reported that he observed the object at approximately
two hours on 7 May 1949, in front of his residence located at the intersection
of Broady and Hill Street, Port Jefferson, Sidney, Ohio. Mr. Williams
was called outside of his residence by his children who were watching
the flying object from the street below. The object appeared to be
approximately less than 1 in diameter. The object was moving along an 
east-west trajectory with a great velocity. The object hung in a flight
approximately ten minutes, appeared to be trailing not a smoke but some
very brilliant light on the exhaust. The object emitted a brilliant red and
orange light from the center. The object seemed to be at a great distance away
and left no trail. The object made no noise. The observation on the object was
too brief - not too far away. The observer saw none of the course steered by
the airplane and did not take any photographs of the object.

7. Mr. Z. reported that at the approximate hour of 0130A, while not inter-
ested on it that much as a object that could not be described or have been observed
which led him to see the object in the sky for the first time. The object
was an illuminated disk-shaped figure. The object traveled the west at a
rate of speed never witnessed before by this observer. The past
of the object corresponded to that of an airplane.

8. Mr. H, reported that on the same night, there existed time he saw
the object but could not offer any description other than that it was a round,
bright, light object traveling south through space at a fast rate of speed.

MAINBRIDGE, OHIO

9. Mrs. _____ reported that at approximately 1500 hours, 7 May 1949, while
she was working in the garden of her farm which is approximately three miles
northeast of Port Jefferson, she and four and a half miles west of Maplewood,
Ohio, she was attracted by the sudden glare of an unidentified object. The
glare reflected very bright-ish, almost the same left a small jet without trailer, and
a very fast through space at a rate of speed. The object was said to be
slivery in appearance, a bright, silvery color and had a faint trail or tail approximately
three or four hundred feet behind it, not noticeable, however; the exhaust.
The object was reported to be about six miles high and just over her neighbor's 
barn in flight for less than two minutes and disappeared by fading out in the sky.
The object did not make any sound or leave any trail. The weather was clear,
no wind was blowing and no planes were in the vicinity at the time the object
was in sight. No photographs were taken of the object.

UNCLASSIFIED
```