The document does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text from the document:

```
No. l6l. This obviously inaccurate report says in effect that
the object was seen about 30 minutes after pilot balloon sounding and
rawinsonde release time. From the known release points, wind direction
and speed at the level mentioned, this object or objects could not
possibly have been a weather balloon.

No. 162. Two balloons released within 120 miles of this position,
but if wind were from west it could have been a leaking balloon from
Norfolk or Lakeview which was not rising as it should. However, the
date of incident cannot be read from the questionnaire, hence no definite 
conclusion can be drawn.

No. 163. Purely a radar report. If this report is accurate, couldn't
possibly be a balloon.

No. l64 - 165. Very controversial accounts of speed (0 - 3 times that
of a Jet); closest fits sounds like a burning: pilot balloon sounding, with
lantern. However, nearest release was two hours earlier at St. Cloud.
Could have been this pilot balloon sunning, but likely the balloon too
keep it at a low altitude. Not at all probable, but possibly a balloon.

No. 166. Object reported moving directly into headwind of 20G. Only
possible weather balloon could be hours moving SE from Salt Lake City.
If speed is any criterion, this was definitely not a balloon.

No. 167. A heavenly body, Venus.

No. 168. No actual sightings; a radar report, if accurate, definitely
no weather balloon.

No. 169. Rawinsondes released at Montgomery and Atlanta 1 1/2 hours
earlier and would have been blown into sighted area by upper winds. Only
a faulty balloon, however, could have descended to that low altitude.
From description, balloon is most unlikely.

No. 190. Every indication seems to point to this object being a
rawinsonde balloon. Lawinsonde scheduled to be released from Munich
approximately one hour previous to sighting. Very light winds in Munich
area. Definitely a balloon.

No. 191. Only balloon released in wind pattern that would carry it
over Junction City was released at Dodge City approximately one hour
before sighting time. If reported direction and speed of object were at
all accurate, balloon not possible.

No. 192. Balloons released from St. Cloud and Duluth just prior to
sighting. Wind perfect for carrying balloon into observer's path. Wind
```