The image you have provided is a typewritten page from a document and does not contain any photographs. Here is the text as an OCR system would output it:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Method I -- Propulsion and support by means of "rays"
or "beams".

By "rays" or "beams" are meant either purely electro-
magnetic radiation or else radiation which is largely
corpusculous like cathode-rays or cosmic-rays or cyclotron-
beams.

Now, it is obvious that any device propelled or supported
by such means is fundamentally a reaction device. It is fund-
amentally the theory of such devices that a given amount of
energy is most efficiently spent in the momentum thrown back
or down as large. This means that a large mass should be given
a small acceleration -- a theorem well understood by helicopter
designers.

The beams or rays mentioned do the contrary, a small mass
is given a very high velocity, consequently enormous powers,
greater than the total world's power capacity, would be needed
to support even the smallest object by such means.

Method II -- Direct use of Earth's Magnetic Field

One observer (Incident 58) noticed a violent motion of a
hand-held compass. If we assume from this that the objects
produced a magnetic field, coimparable with the Earth's fiUeld;
namely, 0.1 gauss, and that the observer found that the object
settled in angle o at his position, then the ampere-turns of
the required electromagnet is given by:

                                  30R
                     where R is the range of the object.
                                  o2
For instance, if R is cne kilometer and the object is 10 meters
in diameter, then # of 1 billion ampere-turns.

Now, if the object were actually only 10 meters away and
were correspondingly smaller, namely, 0.1 m in diameter, it
would still require 10 million ampere-turns.

These figures are a little in excess of what can be con-
veniently done on the ground. They make it seem unlikely that
the effect was actually observed.

Now, the Earth's magnetic field would react on such a
moment to produce not only a torque but also a force. This
force depends not directly on the Earth's field intensity but
on its irregularity or gradient. This force is obviously
minute since the change in field over a distance of 10 meters
(assumed diameter of the object) is scarcely measureable,
moreover the gradient is not predictable but changes due to
local ore deposits. Thus, even if the effect were large
enough to use, it would still be unreliable and unpredictable.

                                    UNCLASSIFIED

S-11750
22
```