The image is a page containing typewritten text with the header "CONFIDENTIAL", which has been crossed out and replaced with "UNCLASSIFIED". There are no photographs within this image. Below is the text presented on the page:

---

CONFIDENTIAL UNCLASSIFIED

Case File #24-42
DO #20

DETAILS:

1. This investigation was initiated by the Acting District Commander, DO #20, subsequent to publication of a news item in the Tacoma News Tribune, Tacoma, Washington, on 29 Aug 49, which is quoted verbatim as follows:

DECLARE THEY SAW DISCS

"I had always doubted it, but now I know."

"This was the comment of after reporting that he and others had spotted flying discs soaring through the sky over Hansville on the peninsula.

said he and his wife and friends noticed the objects Sunday about 6 p.m. The couple was visiting with Mr. and Mrs.

"The discs were flying at approximately 10,000 feet, said. He added that they were plainly visible."

AT TACOMA, WASHINGTON:

2. On 20 Sept 49, Mr. was interviewed and stated in substance as follows: That on 28 Aug 49, he and his wife, were at the home of a friend, , Hansville, Kitsap County, Washington; that on that date, between 1800 and 1830 hours, they were sitting in the home, looking out a large double window to the North, when they observed unidentified flying objects at approximately 10,000 feet altitude, about one or one and one-half miles to the North of their position, flying horizontally at approximately a 450 angle above the horizon; that he observed only one of these objects, that he saw the least three times, but his wife states she saw three of the objects; that an object was in his sight approximately one and one-half to two minutes. He further stated that the object appeared to be aluminum or stainless steel; that it was flat like a silver dollar, and a conservative estimate would be that the object was twenty-five to thirty feet across; that nothing was noted projecting from the object, such as fins, tail, wings, etc. When the object was first observed, it appeared to be turning and was on an angle, and finally disappeared to the North. The object seemed to be turning on a slope, with no apparent purpose in mind. A slight cloud of smoke seemed to appear as the turn was being negotiated; the smoke was in a streak approximately six inches wide and four or five feet long from his position; there was no odor; the smoke was not in spurts, and evaporated immediately.

3. stated that there were no clouds in the sky; that the object was not luminous and had no lights, either attached or reflected; that the object did not seem to have any moving parts, such as propeller, rotating cylinder or

UNCLASSIFIED

---