There are no photographs present on this page. Here is the text from the document:

"5th IND
SUBJECT: Report

UNCLASSIFIED

8. (c. Continued Continued trail behind.

      Turned on 17 Jul 52 (AFR 200-2 not followed) to look at object, too hot to take
from burner on fryer. In front of globe is vent, object was sitting behind vent in
corner of south wall and West Grant Avenue, however, was in a hot, dirty air
with chimney from kitchen to attic. The object was bright and constant in color
and sky, object was distant and intermittent in color, no lateral motion
but remained in position in my rear. The object was brought to within one
and one-half car lengths from curator. The object was permitted to move
forward every ten minutes, appeared to be stalled in a front tree of cemetary and
remained ten to thirty sec. The object traveled at a moderate limbo and was
very brilliant transparent color, 13 yrs age. The object did not make any sound
or leave any trail as disappeared. The object was clear, translucent and enough
to be round and to form a round peak near the top of the cemetary where scared
the object remained and did not take any photographs of the object.

7. Place:

      Based on 17 July 52 on the street that the crew, observer, China was interested
and any attention to it. The object appeared to be five lines in distance,
placed on South Southeast and the Five Line left to move to the West in distance
on the overheard a jet, clearer emerge. Then a shift that the jet shot
at the object but object did it perurgence over the general location. Two callers
of UNIVERSE corresponding to this.

9. Time

      At night, started cycle, divine coincidence occur that at that time of my
and the object remained every rear (possibly other than think it was a round,
bright, shiny object travelling south through space not a fast rate of speed.

at First/OR, OHIO

9. Time

      My 1952 and am called out at a person-in-law's home, 17 Jul 52), while
on post earlier in the region of her front which was approximately three miles
Northeast of Fort Jefferson, Ohio and five and a half miles west of Pleasant, Ohio, she was attracted by the main glare of an unidentified object. The
object reflected a very bright light when she came into a small town of shrine and
a nearby company near an airfield to gas it spread. The object was small by the
color luminous amber light, similar color and had a flat summit or nothing
of the object appeared to be observing as the objected travelling very smooth.
The object move several hundred feet and went to floor. The object
was in sight for less than two minutes and disappeared by fading out in the sky.
The object did not make any sound or leave any trail. The weather was clear,
no wind was blowing and no planes were in the vicinity at the time the object
was in sight. No photographs were taken of the object.

UNCLASSIFIED"