There are no photographs present in the image. The image contains typed text, which I will reproduce below as an OCR system would:

-5-

to the crew and passengers. Just preceding the onset
of a lightning strike to an aircraft, pilots have re-
ported observing streamers of corona discharge build
up on the nose, propellers or other extremity of the
craft. The movement of the streamer accompanies that
of the aircraft and depends on the passage of a light-
ning stroke nearly or through the aircraft. Corona
discharges on sharply convex surfaces of aircraft have
also been observed during flight between masses of
clouds strongly charged with electrical charges of
opposite sign (positive and negative). Autogenous
charging of the aircraft by the so-called corona precip-
itation during flights through snow or other atmospher-
tation particles intensifies the corona discharges.
These are of the same nature as St. Elmo's Fire.

St. Elmo's Fire has been observed numerous times on
the mastsheads of ships and generally moves with them
during passages beneath thunderclouds or other meteor-
logical conditions where intense electrical potential
gradients exist.

(c) Effect on Surrounding atmosphere

1. Clouds

Lightning of any kind can occur in clouds only if the
dielectric properties of the air are broken down when
the sparking potential gradient is reached. In clear
air this amounts to about 30,000 volts per cm. at sea
level and about 21,000 volts per em. at 10,000 ft.
altitude. In clouds, or in the presence of precipita-
tion particles the sparking potential gradient is less,
depending on the size of the particles. For example,
in the presence of raindrops 1/5 inch in diameter it
is about 10,000 volts/cm.

As shown by Vonnegut, droplets of water suspended in an
electrical field sufficiently intense to induce break-
down will display sparking-over phenomena and will

₁. Harrison, L. P., "Lightning Discharges to Aircraft and
Associated Meteorological Conditions," N.A.C.A. Tech-
nical note 1001, (1946).

₂. Vonnegut, B. A., Proc. Roy. Soc. London, Ser. A, vol. 133,
pp. 565-587; (1931).