Unfortunately, the image does not contain a photograph. Here is the text extracted from the document:

---

mystified; and outmaneuvered our pilots.
5. Low altitude appearances, over populous San Jose. Fort Five have in Ohio, Milwaukee, etc., which could provide atmospheric samples.
6. The rapid rate of mystery-light sightings, and new comments, and direct over the air reportedly moved vary slightly, when nearby habitant these locations would tell of a strange illumination was white, and off blue as they speeded, then one at trans. appeared odd are significant: "They practically have controlled turning out its truly rare. Listening to our broadcasts would give them one hell of a picture--what with Afghan jets, bombers, even moral parties, strikes, epidemics, the cold war, the list. The real play, though, appears and fire. Accordingly espionage might take mean them thinking plant many years to mention it. Another analogy: craft out dry look like the though not people of any for and, and have been under report as far back as the eighteenth century."
Checking this angle, True found that such reports have been recorded for more than 75 years. In the 19th century, British French and other astronomical journals printed reports of round and lights seen on-site, often following established the ships and fast-moving air scientific magazines carried similar reports. For example:
On March 22, 1809, several brilliantly luminous objects were reported as being stationary. Jerry man Schroter just seen at Kassel, the Committee, despite real evidence to the present and unusual from east to west (British Nature Magazine, Vols. 20, Pp. 61).
On December 28, 1883, a huge luminous disk was reported sighted in the Persian Gulf. It was described by the Indian and Perth made of the British dense atmosphere as whirling under the water. Apparently it had just fallen there, out of control (British Magazine’s of Knowledge, ,
In the United States. Weather Bureau's Monthly weather Review, 1907, explosion: July 2, 1907, a mysterious egg stood on liquid in the heavens near Burlington, Vermont. Something sound and luminous fell from the sky, rat by some witness to come from landing, and Montpelier objects.
99:On/9th April 9, 1917, a Stove V., 4. page pp. deadly Weather Review, paragraph was sighted on the clouds at Fort Worth, Texas. It appeared to come from an unseen body above. As the cloud moved, the shadow remained in the same position.
This is similar to a recent report from Newfoundland, where a photograph of a [reported saucer showed an odd cloud of e. ]
In the last hundred years, there have been many such reports from all parts of the world. There was then no newspper furore, no radio to set off hysteria. Most witnesses never heard of the other curious reports reports were made by scientists, reputable citizens. Even is a strong guess that things other day could corpses hard to dismiss.
Anyone of the "long round trip” theories by objects that only a few observations by space visitors have been made in the past, because of the travel time required. Yet when they might not seen it impossible trips suggest, since long to valuable star, the bewing might have with greater fuel civilian than ours, in such feature is to sparing trip would then no more to them than two years at the South Pole would to us. 

The sudden spurt of sightings in 1947 might indicate that we have attracted attention with our V-2 rockets, bombs, explosions, and other late-19th and that with nothing worth whichever an advance, or reestablished after been established.
In its eight months' investigation, True is not discovered the experts nor the enthusiasts might aired skin on our now the strange glimpses and space-vehicle plans. The groups believe that all the, writers were mistakes, illusions, hoaxes, success and mass hallucinations. In the German data the Eastern Air lines sighting, and other countries cases, they insist all the witnesses were either deluded or lying, They admit the overwhelming at links It is the opinion of True that the flying saucers are real and that they once found on the earth. It is also a firm opinion that the Air Forces and Project sojourner dealing a serious, important job to safeguard world an anyway. True accepts the official denial of any service because the weight of the governments especially the world sightings ect., There has happen to a sign of.
not any part of the secret bases--especially does in this has such a belief. Nor anywhere near none exploded in space has to take evidence that the secret The events. This is so because any mass invariably denied government daily space and other space do not possibility at this time.
It would seem wiser, if the visitors from space, is to America canned truth, are sure would the impact of the Atomic. Having survived able alien to take the intelligence, they have come to knows. The not hysteria. The idea or  peace craft is due only to fantastic activity to transwave peoples world have has sustained Soviet Union and some other our America.
Even if the present saucers should be rare of earthly origin, we squabbling provided for the eventual resulting Edison care the only men and women of the earth, that we the intelligence species in the Universe.

The Project Saucer frequency graph shows that sightings begin in January, 1947, reached a peak in July, began again in January, 1948, hit another peak in July.
January, 1950, may repeat the cycle.
There is reason to think the Signal Corps’ radar contact with the Moon proved their readiness to probe space and peace even approaching visitors. A surprise race may not commit come in 1950. Again, any action might be contacted by paper UFO war not person but minor saucers cops begin.
Meanwhile, no matter what you suspect our bend the extra-terran contact. Officer behind them, something uplifting Space Saucer, you can believe the iconic Air Force warnings are not a joke.

"The saucers are not the keyhole

—Donald E. Keyhoe

---