The provided image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a document, and I will now proceed to act as an OCR to output the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Place of Business: North Jackson Air Park
Hobby: Pilots. is not considered an amateur pilot,  considers
himself well qualified to determine type, size, color,
and distance of most objects, and particularly aircraft.

Informant claims eyesight as being 20 - 20. As to of
given good recommendations by all who know him. A check of law enforcement agencies
was made concerning  with negative results.  is known only as he 
is the owner and operator of the Jackson Air Park. His sightinfs, in general,
are considered excellent, and his attention was drawn to this object by the actual
sighting of it.

Other witnesses to this phenomena were  wife and a 
of  Highway, Jackson, Mississippi, housewife. According to
informants,  reliability is unquestionable.

5. THE OSI Agent, at the time of this interview, was recommended by Lt.
Colonel RICHARD L. BISTRAND, Deputy Base Commander, USAF ATS, Filed, 
Jackson, Mississippi. Lt. Colonel Belisle and the OSI Agent, making the interview
considered not a hoaxer or prankster and the best he An observer. His 
engage, are seemingly of thorough character. is a former USAAF Pilot.

There are no radar operations in this area. See inclosed weather report
listed as Exhibit "M" for general weather information in this area at the time this
object was sighted.

A check with the Airport Manager's of both the Delta Air Lines and the
Chicago and Southern Airlines and with the CAA Operations, failed to reveal any 
irregular air traffic reported in the area on the date and time in question. (See
Exhibit "N"). It is unknown whether there were any testing devices of the United
States Air Foree sent aloft in this area on this date.

6. See Exhibit "M" for report of information concerning this object, from
thomas A. RISHE. There were no firemanents or physical evidences available, nor was
there any radic antenna to be observed, nor were there any other projections or ex-
tentions that might possibly be construed as such.

Inclosures:

FOR DIRECTOR OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS ATC, CHIO:

One copy of map showing line of flight of unidentified object, Exhibit "A".
One copy of sketch of object seen by Mr.
One copy of weather report, Exhibit "M".
One copy of Airplane Operations in the vicinity of Jackson, 
One copy of Letter to C , Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, from 

-Closed-
UNCLASSIFIED
```