The image appears to be a typed document page without photographs. I will now transcribe the text as an OCR system would.

---

CXU; CQQ.92
UNCLASSIFIED
SUBJ: Report of Possible Intelligence Interest

Sighting of a colored metal. The only ground lights of intesity were a row of street lights behind me one half block which leads me to believe the under surface of this object to be curved in shape.

This object, when I first sighted, was moving very slowly in a west or northwesterly direction. I would estimate that I had it in my range of vision for 35 seconds, a "bark" having heard it about ten seconds before locating it. It passed on beyond the house and maneuvered through an arc of turn to the left of about ninety degrees, the clicking sound was continuous throughout this turn, however, it became louder as it returned on its new zodiac, of north or northwest. In its return the clicking sound became louder, it was then no less than at this point. The clicking sound stopped when it was at the crab between cygnus and hercules to come from a position directly over head. I was unable to see the object after the sound stopped.

This clicking sound retained the same pitch and speed throughout the entire course observed, but intensity varied. There was no shrill or roar, but only the clicking noise which might be compared to louvers of a house trailer that were not properly meshed. No lights or flame were observed during its entire course with exception of the previously described reflections twice. No exhaust trail was distinguishable.

My dog was with me and directed her attention in the general direction of this object's flight throughout its course. She had been romping with me on coming out of the house, but without spoken word stopped and directed her attention to the previously described area. The clicking sound might not have been equal to the dog, but there is a possibility of sounds on wave lengths discernable only to the dog, being emitted.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

[Signature]
Col., USAF?
Adjutant

Info Oy to:

CG 15 AF
CG JAC

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS.
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

2

--- 

Please note that some words or phrases appear to be obscure or might contain typing errors from the original document (e.g., "the crab between cygnus and hercules"). If you need clarification on any particular part, feel free to ask.