The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a page with typed text, part of a declassified document from Project Blue Book. Below is the text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
Engineering Division
Memorandum Report No. HCREU-69jb-25D
26 April 1949

to fly a good pursuit curve on another aircraft in good daylight, for example, much less to close on a solitary light at night. The difficulty is due chiefly to the inability to judge distance or speed of a point source of light.

Suggestion: Suggestion works in various ways. Sensational radio and newspaper reports lead a few people to imagine they are seeing things they are not seeing. The effect on most people is to dampen their critical judgment. Under such conditions we are more likely to overlook certain factors, and find it easier to accept the suggested explanation uncritically. The expected result would be to make the reports of most observers slightly less accurate than if they had never heard reports of others seeing "flying saucers". Particularly when the stimulus object is fuzzy or ill-defined, persons tend to see it as resembling whatever is suggested to them. Carmichael et. al., for example (1932) showed individuals simple designs and gave them the name of an object. When the individuals drew the design from memory, they drew it to resemble whatever the object was that had been suggested to them.

Precedent: An historical precedent can be found for most errors of human observation. Although the writer has not tried to make an historical survey of reports of earlier unidentified aerial objects, he feels sure that there have been many such reports in years past, particularly during and after World War II.

Small Wind-borne Objects. It is possible that some observers may have seen small objects carried aloft by strong winds, or objects dropped from aircraft. Bits of paper, small cartons, etc., may occasionally be carried to a considerable height by strong winds. Aircraft may sometimes jettison small articles. It would be impossible to
UNCLASSIFIED

(Note: The brackets "[BLANK]" in the text represents an area where the text was not clear or missing, thus not allowing for an accurate transcription of that particular segment.)