The document contains no photographs, only typewritten text. Here is the transcription of the text on the page:

Page 2 Incident __367____

Name and address of observer:
N.A.C.A Ames Aeronautical Labs.
Moffett Field, Calif.

Occupation and hobbies: [Redacted]

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):
Appeared sober, well-rounded, very mature not easily swayed by someone else's opinion.

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:
(Map Oregon, in a boat anchored approximately midstream, about the same distance
East of the town of Gold Beach, Oregon, an object was sighted about 5000 feet
above the ground in a direction approximately 60° reading clockwise from North.
Object appeared to be about 1 to 2 miles away. Mr. [redacted] observed the object
about 30 seconds with the nakd eye at which time he could see only a bright
glitter, like a round mirror standing on edge with no apparent motion. Just as
the object began to move, Mr. [redacted] handed the pair of 7x50 Navy type bin-
oculars through which he viewed the object. With the binoculars the object
revealed to be a pancake-like thing, somewhat thicker in the center than in the
edges, perfectly flat on the bottom with a small fin or vane arising about mid-
ship and flowing gradually higher to the rear ending flush with the trailing edge
the ship coming almost perfectly into the pass parallel to earth. The object appeared
to be made of metal, aluminum or some other shiny material, and with its appearance
overall it could have been perfectly round in plan section. There appeared to be no
openings or protuberances of any sort other than the fin already described. Object
appeared to be 25 to 50 feet in diameter. It was traveling in a southeasterly
direction, about 170° clockwise from North. It executed no maneuvers; no lights,
no propellers, no landing gear or any method of propulsion that could be seen or
heard. There was no clouds and the sun was at the back at the time of
sighting. The trailing edge of the object as it traveled appeared to be somewhat
wrinkled and blurry looking, though enough that flags at the beam tends
to look in a still air. The small groups to say there was some, while others suggest
the sun. Conditions at the time was fair, wind from northwest at 3-4 knots
Beale, California; Hrs, [redacted] wife of a distributor at Gold
Beach, Oregon; and [redacted]