There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the text output from the document:

---
reported at 30K at about 60° to 110°. Steadily risin; is also in- 
dicative of weather balloon.

No. 193. No date given; very little information; cannot de-
termine 00/30ct.

No. 194. Definite identity established by N.I.I.

No. 195. Very little information, only radar blip; cannot de-
termine E weather balIoon or not.

No. 196. Radar scope observation only; object travelling directly
into wind. Cannot determine if balloon, but unlikely.

No. 197. Almost certainly the coaet discovered by the Sydney
astronomer. No balloon could have reached Richm.tnd at the time the
object was sighted inasmuch as the sighting trne and release time
were almost simultaneous.

No. 196. No visual observation; radar blip moving at high speed
and constantly ch1:mging direction. If radar report is accurate,
couldn't possibly be a balloon.

No. 199. Wind, time and numbr: of objects sighted.rule out pos-
sibility of weather balloons.

No. 200. Definitely not weather balloon. Course southerly, wind
almost due North at all levels. Orly station releasing balloon in this
area is North of Crescent City.

No. 201. Pilot balloon sounding released from Azores station at
0300 LT. Title of sight "bout" that time. Description sounds very much
like lighted pilot balloon sounding. Only discRrpancy is speed which
is reported from 25 M.P.H. to 500 M.P.H. If the lower speed is cor-
rect, ob,iect may be almost certainly assured to be a weather balloon.

No. 202. Time of sighting was five hours after last scheduled
release time for any rawin or pilot balloon sounding, thus discounting
a balloon leask, would put it far too high for easy sightings. Defir-
nately not a weather balloon.

No. 203. Again last scheduled release was over five hours prior
to sighting. Only possibility, and a definitely unlikely one, is a
lighted balloon falling in flames from an extremely high altitude.

No. 204. Venus.

No. 205. No date given on this, therefore, impossible to check
wind Flow pattern. Time, two hours after scheduled release time for.
Kansas City, Colymbia, and St. Louis, Mo. balloons.
---