The image displayed is a scanned page of an old, typewritten document with text but contains no photographs. Here is the text from the document:

---

21-39

as the result of the emergency landing, in two loose posts from cornfield, out of shape, and forty-five feet of concealed wire material, torn loose and streached. As the pilot lost altitude rapidly, the interior was subjected to the F. B. I., and a report couldn't be had from San Antonio Field Office of that organization indicates that this pilot has since been under observation while residing at 1515 Wallace St., Taylor, Texas. The aircraft was a Ballanca, known; red in color, No. NC 14105. Investigation by the F. B. I. indicated nothing unfavorable regarding subject's loyalty to the United States.

7. On 6 June 1949, "C" Battery, 740th AAA Bn., 4th AFA Bn, and HQ Battery, "C" Battery, 740th AAA Bn., Camp Hood, Texas, observed aerial light. The observers were at Artillery OP No. 2, Camp Hood, Texas, map coordinate 913-CCF-755.350. Time of observations was approximately 2155 hours. The object was in sight for two minutes and forty seconds. Object was described as being initially one, distintegrating into smaller particles as it lost sight. The size was 2 to 3 miles, in a BC Scope. Object was approximately one mile above the surface as described as being round emitting a dull orange in color, similar to a ball of fire. Object observed through BC Scope, and initially appeared stationary, then moved in level flight, being tracked with constant turn on BC Scope. The object seemed to disintegrate into smaller objects which disappeared in a fraction of a second. The sky was overcast, but the object was described as being dull as a flashlight with black-out disk. No sound or odor was observed.

8. Same object was observed by:

Batter, 92d AFA Bn, and Lieut. A. McD. JONES, "C" Battery, 92d AFA Bn., Camp Hood, Texas from Artillery Observation Post No. 1, Camp Hood, Texas, map coordinates 913-CCC 577.700. The second set of observers indicated the object to have been on or perhaps two side by side, round in shape and yellow or orange in color. Size was about that of a dime held at arms length. Observers stated object was fairly dull until it burst, and upon bursting parts went up and down and faded out. OP No. 1 observed object on an azimuth of ≈210 mils, and OP No. 2 observed on an azimuth 2771 mils. Report on form "Guide to Investigation, Unidentified Aerial Objects" furnished by both sets of observers to AA/C through Fourth Army. Copies of these reports are on file in D.O. No. 10.

9. On 13 June 1949, Hq. 92d AFA Bn., Camp Hood, Texas, observed aerial light at approximately 2015 hours. Observer was walking south on 162nd Street, near intersection of Hq. Avenue, Camp Hood, Texas, and saw one bright light in the sky, the size of a flare; described as being round, white in color with a pink trail.

UNCLASSIFIED

---