There are no photographs present in the image provided. It is a page of typed text.

Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

---

SUMMARY

While there are approximately 375 incidents on record, only incidents Nos. 1 thru 244 are encompassed in this report. Of the later incidents, many have not yet been investigated, few have been completely tabulated, and none have been submitted to the consulting agencies. It is certain that better overall results will be obtained in the analysis of the later reports, as these incidents generally have been more completely investigated.

Since 5 December 1948, a series of recurring phenomena described as "green fireballs" have been reported in the general vicinity of Albuquerque, New Mexico. Dr. Lincoln La Paz, noted meteoritic expert, has been directly, though unofficially, associated with the investigation of those sightings and has himself observed the phenomena. Dr. La Paz states he is convinced the green fireballs are not ordinary meteors. This group of incidents has little or nothing in common with other incidents on file with Project "Grudge", therefore, these incidents are not considered in this report. The School of Advanced Communications asked to investigate this matter and had advised that an independent investigation be conducted in the field of atmospheric research.

Upon eliminating several additional incidents due to vagueness and duplication, there remain 228 incidents which are considered in this report. Thirty of these could not be explained, because there was found to be insufficient evidence on which to base a conclusion.

Consulting agencies provided plausible solutions for 164 incidents, along with the following comments and findings:

Rand Inc. — (172 Incidents considered) "We have found nothing which would seriously controvert simple rational explanations of the various phenomena in terms of balloons, conventional aircrafts, planets, meteors, bits of paper, optical illusions, practical jokers, psychopathological reporters, and the like."

Ohio State University (Dr. Hynek - 24 Incidents considered)
Assuming evidences of observers and investigators to be correct, Dr. Hynek concluded that 33% could be explained astronomically, 35% could be attributed to balloons, aircraft, rockets, birds, etc., and 33% either lacked necessary evidence or a suitable explanation was not apparent. Hence disallowance was made for inaccuracies in observing and reporting, 53% might be explained astronomically.

Air Weather Service (233 Incidents considered)

12.0% apparently were weather balloons.

tv

---