There is no photograph present in the image you've provided; it is a text document.

As an OCR system, here is the output of all the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
Page 2 Incident 333

Name and address of observer: Mr. ------------------------, Shreveport, La.

Occupation and hobbies: ----------------------------------------, Shreveport, La.
      
      Paint Shop Foreman
      Housewife
      Loan Co. Employee
Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

--------- stated that at approximately 1700 hours on the 22 May l949, that he, his
wife, his son and some -------- while they were watching the F-82, MiG's
guest were on a fishing party at Caddo Lake when their attention was attracted to
an F-82 flying across the lake. While they were watching the F-82, MiG's
noticed the unknown object, and directed their atten::on to it.    -------- further stated
that when he first sighted this object, it was approximately two (2) miles away
at an angle of sixty (60) degrees, and at an extremely high altitude which he es-
timated to be eight (8) to ten (10) thousand feet. He estimated the object to have
remained in sight approximately four (4) minutes, and that it was silver in color,
oblong shaped, not contrasted much, and approximately the size of a baseball.
estimated the direction of flight as being Southeast. The flight path was a con-
tinued straight line, and there was no sound connected with the object. He estimated
that due to the high rate of the object, he was unable to see any details. He estimated
the speed of the object at five hundred (500) miles per hour, and stated it continued
in straight flight until it faded from view.

Agent's Note: At 1700, 22 May 1949, the reporting officer was in Bossier City, La.
which is approx. 15 miles from Caddo Lake when he sighted an aircraft positively
identified as a B-36 at an estimated altitude of 30,000 ft. It was very difficult to
identify as an aircraft due to the bright sun, but the distinctive sound of the B-36
was easily discernable.

In the opinion of the reporting officer, it is possible that the reported object
was the same or a similar aircraft as the ability of the observers to accurately
estimate altitude is doubtful.

UNCLASSIFIED
```