The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document. Below is the text from the document as an output from an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) process:

```
REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED
AERIAL OBJECT                                     UNCLASSIFIED

1. Date of Observation: 16 April 1949 Date of Interview: 21 April 1949

2. Exact time of Observation (CST): 1725 hours

3. Place of Observation:
Intersection of 11th Street and Grand avenue, Fort Smith, Arkansas,
(approximately four blocks from center of business district)

4. Position of observer:
Observer was travelling east along Grand Avenue (see attached sketch).
Object was first sighted from automobile while observer was wait-
ing for traffic light to change. Upon sighting, observer stepped
out of car and watched object until it disappeared. 

5. What attracted attention to object:
Immediately after traffic light changed to red, observer stopped his
car and glanced up at light. He noticed object in the sky at an
elevation of approximately 150 directly above the light.

6. Number of objects:
Only one object was seen.

7. Apparent size:
Object appeared to be the size of a five-cent coin held at arms length.

8. Color of object:
Object appeared to be colorless and bright.

9. Shape;
Outline of object was perfectly round. Observer stated that no details
of object could be seen and he did not know whether object resembled
a disc or a ball.

10. Attributes:
Observer believed elevation of object to be between 10,000 and 12,000
feet. Angle of elevation above horizon was approximately 30ยบ.

11. Direction from observer:
Object was first observed at a magnetic bearing approximately 85ยบ
from observer.

12. Distance from observer:
Observer estimated distance from object as being between 1/2 and four
miles.

13. Direction of flight:
Object was flying in a southeasterly direction while observed,

                           UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that there might be some inaccuracies in the transcription as some parts of the text are obscured or smudged.