The image provided does not contain any photographs; it is a page of text.

Below is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Case file #24-42
do #210

cone, rotor, aerodynamic vanes, etc., and did not have visible exhaust, slots, 
duct openings, or jet openings. The object did not appear to be controlled or 
stabilized and did not seem to be on any definite pattern or mission. It ap-
peared to be tossing around and turning quite slowly, and there faded from view. 
No motor or other sound was heard by ------ as coming from the flying object.

4. On 20 Sept 49, Mrs. ------ was interviewed and verified the 
statements made by her husband, with the exception that, in regard to the tactics 
and maneuvers of the three flying objects observed by her, they simply seemed to 
be fluttering in the breeze, going up and down, with no apparent course. She 
further stated that approximately a year ago, she had observed what she believes 
were flying discs near Yakima, Washington, but had never reported them inasmuch as 
she felt at that time that they were aircraft of some kind belonging to the United 
States. She did state, however, that on the occasion of subject incident she 
was certain that what she saw must have been flying discs.

5. Both Mr. and Mrs. ------ were very definite in their belief that they 
had actually seen some type of aerial phenomenon that was different than any-
thing they knew of or had heard about in the United States.

6. Mr. ------ works for the ------, located in ------ Mrs. ------ 
is a housewife. Mr ------, Tacoma, Washington, as a first aid man. Mrs. ------ 
wearing glasses at the interview and both stated that neither he nor his wife 
except when reading.

7. Mr. ------is described as being 57 years of age, height 5' 9", weight 
195 lbs, grey hair, grey-brown eyes, medium ruddy complexion, medium build, no 
scars.

8. On 10 July 1945, ------ applied for and received a special Police Com-
mission to carry firearms while working as a guard at the Port of Tacoma. His 
fingerprint classification, made at that time by the Tacoma Police Department, 
is as follows:

9. Neither Mr. nor Mrs. ------ have any police record of any type and 
their standing in the community is considered excellent. Their reliability is 
likewise considered excellent.

AT HANSVILLE, WASHINGTON:

10. Witnesses to the subject incident were Mr. and Mrs. ------ ------ ------, 
------, Hansville, Washington. Hansville is a small town approximately two 
and one-half miles directly West of "Point No Point", Washington, and approximate-
ly twenty airline miles North Northwest of Seattle, Washington. Mr. and Mrs. 
------ were interviewed on 3 Oct 49 and, in substance, corroborated the 
statements given by Mr. and Mrs. ------ as set forth above, the only exceptions 

-S- UNCLASSIFIED
```