There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
The chance that Martians, under such widely divergent condi-
tions, would have a civilization resembling our own is ex-
tremely remote. It is particularly unlikely that their
civilization would lag within a half century of our own state
of advancement. Yet in the last 50 years we have just started
to use aircraft and in the next 50 years we will almost
certainly start exploring space.

Thus it appears that space travel from another point within
the Solar system is possible but very unlikely. Odds are at
least a thousand-to-one against it.

This leaves the totality of planets of other stars in the
Galaxy as possible sources. Any modern astronomers believe
that planets are fairly normal and logical affairs in the life
history of a star (rather than an astlysinda odditie) so that
many planets can be expected to exist in space.

To narrow the field a little, some loose speculations can
be written for the star about which the home planet would
revolve. Let us say that the star should bear a family re-
semblance to the Sun, which is a member of the so-called “main
sequence” of stars, i.e., we eliminate white dwarfs, red giants
and supergiants. For a description of these types, see refer-
ence 2, chapter 5, for there is no space here even for making this
assumption except to simplify discussion; we are still consider-
ing the majority of stars.

Next, true variable stars can be eliminated, since conditions on
a planet attached to a variable star would fluctuate too wildly
to permit life. The number of stars deleted here is n.ticibly
small. Reference 3, pages 76 and 63 indicate that the most
common types are too bright to be in early steps in the Hert.
Lastly, we shall not carry our multiple stars, since the condi-
tions for stable planet orbits are obscure in such cases. About
a third of the stars are eliminated by this restriction.

As our best known sample of space we can take a volume with the
Sun at the center and a radius of 16 light years. A compilation
of the 17 known stars, including the Sun, within this volume is
given in reference 1, pages 32 to 57. Eliminating according to
the above discussion, two are white dwarfs, eight are ones to
account for 16 stars and two trinaries account for 6 more. The
remainder, 22 stars, can be considered as eligible for habitable 
planets.
```