There is no photograph present in this image. The image is a textual document. Below is the text from the document:

---

CO. DENTIAL
DIO-11ND UNCLASSIFIED
San Diego 30 December 1949

(a) CNO comf ser 04U422P32 dtd 4 Nov 48, subj: Flying Discs - Report of

See below

Unidentified Flying Object; report of:

BRIEF: While flying from Burbank to Palmdale, California, ----------- of
Long Beach, California, saw an object in the sky which left a trail of blue
flame extending an estimated one fourth of a mile. The object was sighted
about 0015, 31 October 1949, over Mint Canyon. Mr. ----------- is an experienced
aviator and has flown the area where he saw this flying object, hundreds of
times. He has seen many meteors or shooting stars and is quite familiar with
that phenomena. He believes with certainty that he saw was not a meteor
or meteorite. One reason for his certainty is that the object definitely made
a turn in direction.

Note: This information is as of 31 October 1949

SOURCE: ----------- Long Beach, California
(Telephone - Long Beach 992084). Born 6 May 1909, Dade County, Florida.
Position: Aircraft engineer and pilot. Education: Three years Polachool
School; four years High School; four years university; Eight years of
miscellaneous aviation training. Employment: Don Lee Broadcasting Corporation;
Amphibian Air Transport Corporation; Universal Airlines; Consolidated-Vultee
Aircraft Corporation; Vultee Aircraft Company; Stearman Airplane Corporation;
Seversky Export Corporation; Bellanca Aircraft Company; Seversky Aircraft
Company; Military Record: Served as Technical Advisor and Test Pilot to the
U. S. Army Air Forces Material Command on special duty in SEW area on loan to
the Australian Air Forces.

Statement concerning delay in reporting: Reference (a) directs that sightings
of "Flying Discs" and similar phenomena be investigated and reports acted
quickly as possible. The below sighting of a strange flying object was very
briefly reported in local newspapers in November 1949. Repeated efforts to
contact source have failed until this date, when a letter was received from
him in answer to a questionnaire sent to him when personal contact failed. He
gave a reasonable explanation of his delay which was occasioned by his being out
of Southern California and out of reach by mail until now.

REPORT: Unidentified Flying Object; Report of:

The above brief is the gist of the newspaper accounts o -----------'s
observation of the flying object. In the questionnaire returned this date,
he verified the above statement as being correct.

The questionnaire brought out the following additional information:
When the object was first sighted, it flew in a southeasterly direction; later
it flew in a northerly direction. The arc of turn was about 1000 yards, in
which the object appeared to slow up before making a turn, and after completing
the turn, increased speed in ascension.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

---

Please note that some pieces of information in this document are redacted, indicated by the long dashes.