The image contains a page with text from a document but there are no photographs. Below is the text from the document:

-7-
channel and so leads to a diminution of space charge from the environment of the path but an immediate in- 
crease of ionization along its path. Following the passage of the phenomenon, ionization will decay by recombination.

3. Nearby Air or Other Craft

All metallic aircraft which are struck by true light-
ning generally have scorch marks, pits, or holes burned
through the skin. The holes rarely exceed one inch in
diameter. (See NACA aircrash report Note 100.) Portions
of non-metallic material in contact with the area struck
may be burnt or explosively separated from the metal to
which the material is attached. When radio antennas are
struck or the lightning arrester does not function as
desired, damage to radio equipment often occurs.

Temporary blinding of pilots looking directly at the
flash due to the stroke to some exterior portion of the
aircraft such as the nose or the fuselage may introduce
some hazard. As a rule the temporary blind; in is ef-
fective from about 10 seconds to a lar ger fraction of a
minute, but in one extreme case a copilot was reported
to have been temporarily blinded for about 5 minutes.
Several cases of temporary blinding of about 3 minutes
have been reported.

The Weather Bureau has not received any reports of acci-
dents in which an airplane was said to have suffered
contact with "ball lightning." Judging by the phenomenon
called by that name and experienced at the surface, the
aircraft damage to be expected by such contact would
probably be less severe than that owed by a typical
genuine lightning stroke. The type of so-called "ball
lightning" which is actually an intense corona discharge
would not cause any mechanical damage to non-inflammable
exposed materials, but would hamper radio communications
by producing static similar to the kind termed "precipi-
tation static."

A real lightning stroke to a non-metallic object on the
ground often causes an explosive disruptive effect on the
object and will cause burning of inflammable materials.

Contact of so-called "ball lightning" may have physical
effects on exposed persons varying from negligible to