The image does not contain any photographs. Here is the OCR text output from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

Method III - Support of an electrically charged object by causing it to move transverse to the Earth's magnetic field

A positively charged body moving from west to east, or a negatively charged body moving from East to West will experience an upward force due to the Earth's magnetic field.

A sphere 10 meters diameter moving at a speed of one kilometer/second would experience an upward force of one pound at the equator if charged to a potential of 5 x 10^12 volts. This is obviously ridiculous.

Section D - The anti-gravity shield

It has been proposed, by various writers, perhaps first by H.G. Wells, that it might be possible to construct a means of shielding a massive body from the influence of gravity. Such an object would still float. Recently, this appears in the press as a notice that a prominent economist has offered to support research on such an enterprise.

Obviously, conservation of energy demands that considerable energy be given the supported object in order to place it on the shield. However, this amount of energy is in no way prohibitive, and furthermore, it can be gotten back when the object lands.

Aside from the fact that we have no suggestions as to how such a device is to be made, the various theories of general relativity all agree in assuming that gravitational force and force due to acceleration are indistinguishable, and from this assumption, the theories predict certain effects which are in fact observed. The assumption, therefore, is probably correct, and a corollary of it is essentially that only by means of an acceleration on gravity be counteracted. This, we can successfully do for instance by making an artificial satellite, but this presumably is not what has been observed.

Summary - PART III, Section B

Several unorthodox means of supporting or propelling a solid object have been considered, all are impracticable. This finding lends credence to the tentative proposed assumption of Part III, that the objects are supported and propelled by some normal means, or else that they are not solids. No discussion of the type of Part II, Section 3, can, in principle, of course, be complete.

Section C - Possible causes for the reports.

Classification I - Natural terrestrial phenomena

1. The observations may be due to some effect such as

UNCLASSIFIED S-11750

23

---