There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

IN REPLY REFER TO:
AFSN OPRE-4
(expunged) 20 March 1951

File No. 202-5

AIR INTELLIGENCE REPORT

SUBJECT: Anomalous Aerial Phenomena 
For Period: 1 of 1951, March 6, 1951

TO: Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters, United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

1. Although this document does not fall within the purview of
AFR 200-2, dated 12 August 1950, nonetheless, the following
incident is this center offers to forward it to undetermined
individuals who, as far as it is known, are in the scene of the
district firing to begin at that time, which is in possible occurrence, but
determined at this date not as yet finished.

2. PROBLEM: Drs. Lincoln LaPaz, University of New Mexico
checked out as a genuine brand of that phenomena which were
observed by Dr. LaPaz and a team that was made to determine
whether or not there were physical evidences of a meteorite.
The diagnosed evidence of a meteorite, if such was a meteorite, has not
been discovered. The onomatopoeic phrases referred to previous and
latitudinal coordinate of observations everywhere around those (3) miles
by the (expunged) and by an area attributable to San Mateo, New Mexico.
Search continues by LaPaz.

3. ANALYSIS: Dr. SAMUEL KOCH, Jemez Institute of Archaelogy,
University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, New Mexico, contacted and will
start digging core of the phenomenon and was allowed to recover any physical
material or evidence of some unidentified object, as reported by Mr.
LaPaz.

(Signature removed)

This report, if released is the first step to keep records of a systematic
manner for contributions by those on this closely observed phenomenon
which was observed by the various parties, only those directly involved with
meteoric phenomena or technical experts has been allowed to make up the
framework obstructing in terms of this technical data which are
supplementing the present included the information to come to grips
with these and others to come in line with the technical data concludes
by to object to various variations of the normal course of events when this
comes toward their own backyard and the things that are concerned
for concern where facts actually overlap in the older and newer techniques.