The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scanned page of a document. Here is the output of all the text found in the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

elevation telescope, an instrument that can follow a missile to altitudes of 100 miles or more.

"'I don't know what it was, but I had never seen anything like it before,' he told me. 'It seemed to be metallic, but I couldn't tell its size, its speed or its altitude. It would be impossible unless you knew one of the three factors.'

"He added he had informed his superiors of the incident and was told the next morning he had seen a 'disk.'

"Weather balloon?

"A check of one officer elicited the response: 'It was probably a weather balloon,' but he declared the enlisted technician is considered 'a reliable man.'

"Last Friday's object was seen by a senior officer shortly after 11 a.m. and reported to the unit commander. The observer was preparing for a missile firing and scanning the skies through binoculars.

"'I don't know what it was, but it came out of the north in a shallow dive and turned west. No, I wouldn't guess at speed or size.'

"He hastened to explain he is a 'skeptic.'

"Proof for Skeptic

"'Isn't seeing such a thing the best proof for a skeptic,' he was asked.

"'IT should say it was,' he smiled. 'But I just saw something and reported it.'

"In all, some five reports have been made in the last six months, one officer said, with only one last year.

"On one occasion, he told me, three or four officers saw a flying object with the naked eye, and at another time two smaller objects were observed to 'chase' a test rocket. These may have been dual images on the telescopes, he said, although they were seen from several widely separated stations.

"These reports tend to take the 'flying saucer' question out of the realm of housewife's' stories and the tales of air transport pilots. Still they have actually proved nothing—merely added to the mystery."

3. It is observed that tha title of the artiole as given in the reference report was, "REPORTS THAT DISC LANDS AT ATITRE SAID," and mentioned the fact 

---