There are no photographs visible in the provided document image.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

---
COPY                      UNCLASSIFIED

Address reply to,
  Commandant
And refer to:
IC/J-2,15.
AC-22(4)(5),5)(c)
Serial, 05149
                                            1611 eatt Wheeler Street
                                            Seattle 99, Washington
Confidential

2 August 1949

From:    District Intelligence Officer, Thirteenth Naval District
To:      Director of Naval Intelligence
Subj:    Flying Objects, Report of.
Ref:     (a) CMC Ltr Cps322/P16-3/3f ser 01L222p2 dtd 14 Nov 1948

1.  In accordance with reference (a), the following information is
     submitted:

     A Flying object was sighted by [two lines redacted]. The object was apparently [one line redacted]
     The object was sighted from the ground and there were no other
     witnesses except possibly passengers from an airliner which was
     flying low over the area in a northerly direction preparatory to
     landing at the Cow Lake Airport.  The plane was flying at an
     altitude of approximately 1500 feet.

     At the time of the sighting it was dusk; some stars were visible;
     the weather was clear except for cloud banks close to the horizon.
     Due to the poor visibility it was impossible to determine the
     shape of the object.

     It appeared as a long streak of light travelling parallel to the
     horizon at the same altitude as the airliner.  Considering the
     angle and distances involved, the object could have been behind
     or to the south of the airliner and at a higher altitude.  The
     source estimated its distance to be between twenty miles away.
     The cloud banks lying on the horizon were behind the object.
     The streak appeared in the line of vision running from east to
     west for a few seconds; appeared to explode or accelerate, then
     narrowed out again, having the appearance somewhat like a pip
     levelling out on a radar scope.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

                                                      J. E. Edwards

cc:  25th Air Defense Comd[overlapped text]

MAD L47316

COPY  

UNCLASSIFIED

[Handwritten notations and a signature are visible on the page.]

--- 

Please note that certain parts of the text appear to be redacted and there are some elements that are unclear due to overlapping text or formatting.