The document is a text report with no photographs present. Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

DETAILS:

AT ST. LOUIS, MISSOURI UNCLASSIFIED

1. On 31 May 1949, Mr.[REDACTED] of St. Louis, Missouri, was interviewed regarding his sighting, an unidentified object in the sky on 7 May 1949. Mr.[REDACTED] stated in substance as follows: On the evening of 7 May 1949 at approximately 1600 hours CST he was sitting on the back lawn with his wife and they were watching the gulls from the Mississippi River when they noticed a strange object almost directly overhead. Mr.[REDACTED] stated at first he thought it was a large bird, but closer observation disclosed that it was at a much higher altitude than the gulls, that it was somewhat triangular in shape, and that it was traveling at a terrific rate of speed. Mr.s and confirmed that he has been a passenger on commercial airline and would estimate the altitude of the object at approximately nine (9) or ten (10) thousand feet. Mr.[REDACTED] could not estimate the speed but stated it was only in sight for approximately forty-five (45) seconds and was faster than any airplane he has ever seen in the sky. Mr.[REDACTED] described the object as being about the size of a light private plane and that it closely resembled the shape of a Sting Ray with the exception that the object had no visible tail or color and that he observed the object reflecting along the right side of the object and that there was a kind or jet or gee hanging on a dark, dull reddish brown color as it was oscillating. Mr.[REDACTED] would observe this flight or reflection when the right side was higher than the left. Mrs.[REDACTED], who first observed the object at about eleven (11) o'clock, that it was at an angle of approximately eighty-five (85) degrees above the horizon and that it was traveling in a south by south west direction. Mr.[REDACTED] further stated that the object traveled in a straight path without apparently gaining or losing altitude, but it was oscillating from side to side and that it disappeared in the clouds.

2. On 31 May 1949, Mrs.[REDACTED] of St. Louis, Missouri, was interviewed regarding the sighting of a strange object in the sky on 7 May 1949. Mrs.[REDACTED] substantiated Mr.[REDACTED]'s version of the sighting of the object with the exception that she thought it was buff colored and thought there was a reddish glow, somewhat like the glow of a iron coal stove, along the right side of the object as it was oscillating through the sky. Both agreed that the end just the object both ends the ends and that there was still quite a bit of light in the sky. Neither observed any fins, canopies, or antennas on the object.

3. Interview of neighbors in the vicinity of[REDACTED], St. Louis, Missouri, on 5 June 1949, failed to reveal any information that would indicate either Mr. or Mrs[REDACTED] to be eccentric or not they had ever reported seeing any strange objects before. The object was noticed by any of the neighbors however they all stated they could not remember looking in the sky at that time on 7 May 1949.

4. A check of the files of the St. Louis Metropolitan Police Department, St. Louis, Missouri, on 3 June 1949, failed to reveal the name of either Mr. or Mrs. [REDACTED].

UNCLASSIFIED

DO #12, OSI 2J-38

2