There is no photograph in the image provided.

The text from the document reads as follows:

---

Page 2 Incident 336

Name and address of observer:
[redacted portion]
43rd Motor Vehicle Sqd.) Davis Monthan AFB
43rd Bomb. Wing Tucson, Arizona

Occupation and hobbies: | Auto Mechanic USAF Airman

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s): Very good observer Appeared above average intelligence, sincere.

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

On 16 May 1949, at approximately 1700 hours, I was at my barracks, Bldg No. 1511, Davis-Monthan AFB, Tucson, Arizona. I was lying on a bed looking West through one of the windows on the West side of the building, when I noticed a solid, round, flat black object in the sky which attracted my attention. The object was about the size of a wash tub, and it appeared to be about three to four feet in diameter. The object flew directly over Davis-Monthan AFB and it appeared to be traveling directly from East to West, almost directly in the direction of the sun. During that, it was a cloufty[likely cloudy] afternoon, I can say that the object that I just described was flying about half way between the ground and the ceiling of the clouds, that is about 500 feet above the surface of the earth. This object was traveling at a speed which I estimate to be about from 300 to 1000 M.P.H.

The look that the object for approximately eight to ten seconds before it disappeared from my view behind an aircraft hangar building which is located about three blocks directly west of my barracks. This hangar is building No. 1510.

The object maintained approximately the same altitude during the entire period of sighting and it appeared to be fluttering as it disappeared from my view. This object also seemed to be traveling in a pre-determined direction. There was absolutely no exhaust in sight or surrounding the object and I never heard any sounds during the time the object was in my sight. This object never came in contact with the clouds which were in the area at the time, and I never noticed any reflections or lights on the object. There were no attachments to the object but it appeared to know where it was going during the entire time it was in my sight.

When I first saw the object, I called it to the attention of some of the men in the barracks but none of them arrived at the window in time to see the object.

It is my belief that the object which I saw on 16 May 1949, is one of the objects which are commonly referred to as "flying discs".

At the present I am an automobile mechanic (MOS 014), and I work at the Preventive Line Maintenance Shop at Davis-Monthan AFB. I have been interested in any objects pertaining to mechanics for the last three years. I never have seen anything similar to the object which I described above. I am not color blind, and I have always been able to distinguish one object from another.

---