The image provided is a text document without any photographs. Here is the text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

n. Speed was estimated as slightly faster than that of a jet plane and it covered a 160° arc in approximately 35 seconds.

o. Sound and odor: none noted.

p. Distance from observer: Seemed to be flying a course which would be directly over the town of Glendale, California. Its course would be on an approximate line from San Diego to San Francisco.

q. Trail: It seemed to leave a very thin dark trail which dis-
sipated almost immediately.

r. Luminosity: Bright metallic color, reflecting sun's rays; gave off no light of its own.

s. Projections: Seemed to have between one and four vertical tube-like projections on the upper side of the disc.

t. Maneuvers: None; it flew a straight course.

u. Manner of disappearance: Lost to view over northwest rim of valley in which observer was standing.

v. Effect on clouds: No clouds. Day was clear and sky was cloudless.

w. Additional information concerning object; The manner in which the object glittered lead the observer to believe that it was rotating, although the direction of rotation was not clear.

x. The day was bright and visibility in all directions was ex-
ceptionally good. The sky was clear of clouds and haze.

y. Normally wears glasses but stated he was not wearing them at the time he observed this object. He has been employed by the City of Los Angeles for over eight years and is considered to be highly reliable. He apparently possesses above-average intelligence and seemed earnest and sincere regarding his observations.

3. Mr. ————————, a colored tractor driver employed by the Los Angeles City Park and Recreation Department was interviewed on 25 May 1949. Information provided by ————————, agreed in almost all respects with that given by ———————— and was approximately ———————— however, ———————— was seated on a bench next to a small tool shed when he witnessed the flight of the object, and ———————— in a truck cab, ———————— declared that he saw no trail from the object whatsoever, and to him the object appeared to be rotating in a counter-clockwise direction. Color, size, shape, altitude, direction and length of time of observance all agreed with the statements given by ————————, who has been employed by the Los Angeles City Park and Recreation Department for ————————

CONFIDENTIAL

3