The image is a scanned document and does not contain any photographs. Here is the text from the document:

```
Memorandum for Record                                   29 December 1952

Subject: Preparation for trip to Los Alamos, N.M., and the West Coast

1. At approximately 1330 on 29 Dec 52, Capt Ruppelt called Lt Col Paul
H. Butman (telephone Sterling 35000- Extension 221), Division of Military
Application, Atomic Energy Commission, Washington, D.C. Purpose of the call
was to coordinate the visit to Los Alamos. Col Butman has previously been
briefed on the possible correlation between detection of radiation from un-
known sources and unidentified flying objects by Capt Ruppelt during a visit
to AEC approximately two weeks ago. Col Butman was requested to contact Los
Alamos laboratories and request that Mr. Carter, Mr. Gittings, and Mr. Sim-
mons come to Albuquerque for the interrogation if possible. In this was
impossible, it was requested that Capt Ruppelt and Lt Olsson be given a
clearance to talk to them at Los Alamos. Col Butman stated that he would
write to Los Alamos and that they were back directly to ATIC stating which of
the two plans would be followed. (i.e., whether we would meet them at Los
Alamos or Albuquerque.) Col Butman was also informed that the Sandia Cor-
poration had also requested a briefing and that ATIC planned to do this on
either the sixth or seventh of January. Col Butman stated that it would be
alright for ATIC to make direct contact with these people to arrange for a
briefing.

2. At approximately 1500 on 29 Dec 52, Capt Ruppelt called Lt Glen D.
Parrish, Director of Intelligence, 34th Air Division, Kirtland AF Base. The
purpose of the call was to advise Lt Parrish that Capt Ruppelt and Lt Olsson
would be in Albuquerque on Sunday, 4 Jan 53, and to inquire as to whether or
not it would be alright to hold a meeting in Lt Parrish's office. Lt Par-
rish stated that it would be alright and that he was anxious to have us come
down. Lt Parrish was also asked to contact Mr. William R. Perret, Division
511, at the Sandia Corporation, who wrote the letter to ATIC requesting a
briefing. Lt Parrish was asked to inform Mr. Perret of the proposed briefing
and to have Mr. Perret wire ATIC as to a final date.
```