There is no photograph present on this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
U. S. AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS, AIR MATERIEL COMOLE
ENGINEERING DIVISION
WRIGHT-PATTERSON APB, DAYTON, OHIO
MEMORANDUM REPORT ON
25 April 1949

SUBJECT: Psychological Analysis of Reports of Unidentified
Aerial Objects

SECTION: Aero Medical Laboratory

SERIAL NO.: MCREXD-69-185
Expenditure Order No. 57J-38

1. PURPOSE

1. At the request of the Technical Intelligence Division, T-2, headquarters
Department, AMC, an analysis has been made, from a psychological point of
view, of 212 interrogations of persons reporting sightings of unidentified
aerial objects.

2. FACTUAL DATA

2. A report of this analysis is attached as Appendix A.

3. CONCLUSION

3. It is concluded by the writer that there are sufficient psychological
explanations for the reports of unidentified flying objects to provide
plausible explanations for reports not otherwise explaining. These errors
in identifying real stimuli result chiefly from inability to estimate
speed, distance and size.

4. RECOMMENDATIONS

4. Test the ability of pilots to estimate the course of a small
lighted balloon while doing aerobatics with it at night. It is suggested
that several pilots try to fly pursuit curves and collision courses with
such targets at night and report accurately their sensations. It would be
desirable, but probably impossible, to keep them from knowing the origin
of the light source.

5. In all future reports of unidentified objects specify the location
of object with reference to polar coordinates (azimuth and degrees above
the horizon) rather than asking individuals to estimate state: no. of
possible, obtain an estimate of size in terms of the visual angle subtended
by the object.

6. In all future investigations determine the angular position
of the sun with respect to the unidentified object and the observer.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that in transferring the text, I have preserved the formatting and spelling as they appear in the document, even though there may be some typographical errors or inconsistencies in the original text.