There are no photographs present in the document image provided. Here is the text from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

Project Grudge - Incident, Lake of the Woods, Ontario, Canada

MCIA/XS
19 Sept 49

1. The enclosed Report of Investigation, File No. 24-53, dated 6 September 19[unreadable], by S/A Elbert W. Farris, 12DO-OSI, is forwarded for your comments as to the possibility of the recent poliomyelitis epidemic having been uranium poisoning.

2. It is desired that this matter be coordinated with the appropriate Aero Medical Laboratory office in order to satisfy the requirements as listed under Undeveloped Leads section of referenced report.

3. This office can discern no basis for such a theory, since it has been shown that all reports of flying objects do not refer to the same type object, and there is no evidence of radioactivity in any case.

/s/ M. E. Coll
for E. B. HOLSTREET, JR.
GWT/amc Lt Colonel, USAF
6-2598 Acting Chief, Analysis Division
Bldg 286 Intelligence Department
Post 2166-

------------MCIA/XS----------
27 Sept 49
2

MCIA/XS

This office concurs with paragraph 3 of Comment 1.

1. This office concurs that some of the clinical symptoms of poliomyelitis may be similar to the uranium poisoning the overall clinical syndrome is quite different. Previous in the case of uranium poisoning is very dismal with recovery unlikely. Besides the heavy metal poisoning effect of uranium poisoning, there is also the prolonged and continuous radiation effect of uranium which can be detected in the blood picture. This is quite a distinctive clinical feature of uranium poisoning, which any physician should readily be able to recognize. It is also a feature which does not diminish with time, and hence the patient does not recover. This results because the uranium is a long-lived radioactive isotope, which becomes fixed in the body and cannot be eliminated to any appreciable extent.

3. Because of the above considerations it is the opinion of this office that there is little, if any ground, for the theory that the annual poliomyelitis epidemics are related to radioactivity in any way. It is also to be noted that the annual outbreak of poliomyelitis during the summer months has been prevalent for many years prior to "flying saucers", and the widespread use of radioactive isotopes.

1 Incl.
n/a

A. P. GAGE
Lt. Colonel, USAF (MC)
CAP/ap Acting Chief, Aero Medical
2227 Laboratory
Bldg. 29

UNCLASSIFIED

Engineering Division

--- 

End of text.