The image provided is a page of a text document; it does not contain any photographs. Below is a transcription of the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
GADRRES, et al - 2-93

Maryland. Trooper HARBAUGH described HUFFREY as a "shrewd operator,"
and advised that the contact with this individual be withheld from
FURRFREY, and that all account nature of the Investigation be maintained on a
local plain. Trooper HARBAUGH explained that, due to the economic factor
involved in the Gray Goose Corporation, any interest shown by headquarters,
Air Force, in the matter might jeopardize the actual recovery of existing
models.

Mr. HUFFREY stated, in substance, that CALVINL lived on the old
Upton Farm in 1935, and used several outbuildings on the farm as work
shops for the building of some type of flying disks. CALVINL sold stock
to numerous people in the Glen Burnie area in his project. CALVINL de-
parted hurriedly during the night, leaving several pieces of aircraft equipment in the outhouses on the farm CALVINL owned FUFFREY about $6,000.00 rent. FUFREY sued for and obtained possession of furniture which CALVNLL
left. This furniture was sold to settle the debt. HUFFREY stated that he
was not interested in any of the "junk" which CALVINL left behind and that
Trooper HARBAUGH was welcome to it if he would remove it from his property.

Special Agent von HAUCHER, aocomoanied by Trooper FARBAUGH, located
two models in a tobacco shed on the Upton Farm. Both of these models were
in bad state of repair, but it was obvious from examination that these ob-
jects had been used in some type of aeronautical experiment. Due to the
lateness of the hour and the circumstances surrounding the situation, no
effort was made to protect these items at this time.

On 18 August 1949, Trooper HARBAUGH was contacted and arrangements
were made to photograph and sketch both aerial models on the Upton Farm.
The old Upton Farm is located 200 yards north of the old Annapolis Road,
near Layte Park, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. Mr. ------,
lives on the farm. Mr. ------, was interviewed concerning the plane
models in the tobacco shed, and stated, in substance, that the objects had
been there during the five years that he had lived on the farm that they
were no concern of his and he had paid no attention to them. He knew noth-
ing about the models that would contribute to this investigation.

Two models were found in the tobacco shed on the Upton Farm. One
model, an auto-giro type plane, had been manufactured by the Gray Gooe
Company. CALVINL sold stock in this model, completed the experimental
model and is reported to have flown the model for from five to ten minutes
and reached an altitude of approximately 50 ft. The other model was built
by the Rotor-plane Company and did not reach the flying stage in its development before CALVINL mysteriously vanished. It is believed that the Gray
Gooe was concerned under CAA Experimental lic. ####. The following is a
physical description of the Gray Goose:

UNCLASSIFIED
-3-