The image provided is that of a scanned newspaper article, and there are no photographs within the image. Here is the text presented in the document:

---
They're Spherical, Fast As Jets

Flying Discs Come To N. O.

The flying discs have come to New Orleans at last.

But here they're not like saucers. They were spherical.

Mr. Schulmkmpp, assistant U. S. attorney, said that he saw a "round, luminous" object flying with jet-like speed across Lake Pontchartrain Sunday.

The object, "which was trailing what appeared to be gases in matter, a brilliant orange in color," was moving southeast in the general direction of Michoud, he said.

It was flying on a straight level course at an altitude of about 2500 feet, he declared.

Mr. Schulmknpp, who is a Navy veteran and a licensed pilot with several hundred flying hours, said he was convinced that what he saw was a man-made aircraft.

He described his experience as follows:

"At 2:55 a. m. I was driving along the lakefront from West End toward the New Orleans Airport.

"I had just passed the Levee Board police station, when I looked to my left out over the lake.

"I saw in the sky a moving object, spherical in shape and trailing what appeared to be gasses matter, in color was brilliant orange which.

"The object appeared to be about the size of a volley ball. It approached the shore line from a northwest direction. It was flying in a southeasterly direction in the general vicinity of the Higgins Michoud plant.

"The object appeared to be solid.

"Its course through the sky resembled the smooth, swift flight of a jet powered aircraft in straight level flight. I would put the speed at at least 600 miles per hour.

"The object was in full view for at least 30 seconds. It did not plunge earthward in the fashion of a meteor and its general aspect, course and behaviour led me to believe that it was not an astronomical phenomenon."

Mr. Schulmkmpp said he did not know whether the object made any sound because passing cars drowned out any other noises he might have heard.

He said he heard that the object was spotted by a watchman at Higgins, about the same time that he saw it.
---

(Note: The text contains a few misspelled and repeated words such as "Schulmknpp" which appears to be a misspelling of "Schulmkmpp" and "Levee Board police station, when I looked to my" which seems inconsistent. The OCR has captured the text as-is from the provided image.)