This document does not contain a photograph. It is a text-based page from a report. Below is the text as an OCR system would provide:

---

CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFI...

On 24 July 1949, the below named persons were interviewed at their
home in Ludington, Michigan, and their statements are summarized as
follows:

3. [Redacted] stated that she was with a group of friends at her home ... on
looking out the front window, she noticed a glow across the ... road
bordering the woods in front of her home. ... object glided which
moved for about three minutes. ... there was cut to the road, and ... 
placed to the remains of the object on ch...field. On this object...
[Redacted] stated that she did not see ... the object fell like a sky...
when she first saw it it was burning red.

5. [Redacted] opinion is that someone voluntarily was exploring this sensation
created by her daughter's story and attempted to go to the spot by ... 
else had seen the object fall as had been reported previously ...
would not do this.

6. ... then showed this writer the hole burned in the road.
The spot was about twenty-five feet from the north edge of ... spot
some houses. The burned area was about six inches in diameter. There
was no residue, sign of damage, such as shattered glass. The
area was bordered either by an old piece of metal approximately 1/8 inch in
thick by 3 inches by 7 inch or by a weed photographed by this writer wh...
as ... on ... red, I, speed 100, small flash at a distance of 3 3/4 feet...
the camera at actual exposure is not known.

7. This ... noted during the interview that many heavy
trucks passed by their house. Both Mrs. [Redacted] and [Redacted]
stated that they had never seen any of the trucks use a flare there,
and ... did not recall any vehicles being on the scene when the object was 
burning.

8. Sample of residue was obtained which is attached hereto as
Inclosure No.

9. Jackson Citizen Patriot, 27 July 1949, p. ... Cal., by "..." 
an article which stated that the Army Ballistic Research Lab. had made
tests of the material, and concluded that it was probably resulting from an
emergency flare. This material is attached hereto as Inclosure #5.

INCLOSURES

FOR COMMANDING GENERAL, AIR MATERIAL COMMAND:

1. Photo of burned area.

2. Handle from unknown utensil materials.

3. Article from Jackson Patriot dated 27 July 1949.

REPORT CONTROL SYMBOL
AFSA- ....
CONFI... DEN...IAL UNCLASSIFIED

--- 

Parts of the document are illegible or censored (redacted), resulting in gaps within the provided text.