There is no photograph present on this page. However, there is a handwritten or typewritten document which I can transcribe as text for you.

Here is the transcription of the text:

```
COPY                                              UNCLASSIFi.

A E R O C A R

                           Longview, Washington
                                  July 5, 1949

District Intelligence Office,
13th Naval District,
1611 W. Wheeler St.
Seattle 79, Washington.

Subject: Unidentified Objects Sighted July 3 at Longview.

Gentlemen:

As requested by your investigator who called on us this
morning the enclosed sketch is forworded to illundate the general
details of the sii-thing which occurred on the mornin;: of duiy 3,
1949. This was observed by in upward of 150 persons who were at
the lon-view Airport setting ready for the JJ Air Show. it was
viewed by our engineers, many pilots, police, prominent citizens,
etc. and is verified by all observers.

I0 experience in radio control of pilotless aircr ft (: "guided
missiles for the iavy at NAM during the war), and over 20 years
of air aircraft study does not permit my identification of the ob-
jects witch were seen. They definitely were not balloons, birds, common
Aircraft, parachutes, stars, Meterorites, paper, clouds, or other common
objects. they moved in a regular motion either straight or in curved
lines. They were not all approximately the same altitude two would be at
different courses as indicated on the sketch. The oscillations were
clearly visible and timed on the 3rd sighting.

A small group of people away from the airport have reported to me
that they later sighted three additional objects later in the morning.
at different times. These reports are from groups of repputable
people who also saw the objects while at the Air Show clearup calling
from Astoria from a **** objects at *****. to me this norm-
ing revealed that he had sighted an object at about 1000 feet described
as about the size of a IC3 that oscillated as it care down the coast
and turned to sea about 1300 the 3rd.

ness war and licensed pilot. Fe said other aircraft were in the air
at te time and this was not a common aircraft. He reported that a diff-
ferent aircraft sound attracted his attention to the.

I tried to alert the local radio siation to get observers to report
on direction and angle of observation from different localities and
report to me to try to triangulate for course and altitude. They thought
it was a possibility stunt and did not cooperate enough to permit getting
the desired data.

                                            UNCLASSIFie.

                                                             CLO:JSE (A)

COPY
```

There are some areas where the text is unclear or obscured due to poor quality of the scan or illegibility, and these are marked with asterisks or left as incomplete.