The provided image does not contain any photographs. It is a textual document page. Here is the text output from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

I am a licensed pilot, retired military man, reside in California. On the night of February 1949, I was pilot of a TN aircraft from Caldwell on a round-trip flight from Fresno Air Terminal, California, to Los Angeles and return. I departed Fresno 1515 hours with one crew member. At approximately 2030 PST while in the vicinity of Sandberg Pass, 10 miles south of Gormersfield, while flying on a northerly heading at an altitude of approximately 9,000 feet, I observed what appeared to be a jet-propelled aircraft of an unfamiliar type. Weather over Sandberg Pass was thin scattered clouds, visibility 10 miles, temperature 30, clouds visibility approximately 10,000 feet down to and including stratus. Airborne July 7. Covering at approximately 1 mile with fog ceiling and visibility variable due to scattered stratus drifting from the NW. The object with the general shape of a blimp appeared 'head-on' about 1500 feet above me, made a complete 360o circle, was lest on a heading of N 100o by compass. The object left a steady glow all the way round which I believed to be jet exhaust. At the time the co-pilot was in the rear of the aircraft and at no time observed the object. I was unable to determine size because no size classification are similar to known objects for comparison even in the distance there are certain characteristics. The object appeared about as big as two fingers at arm's length and it could have been as close as 300 feet to about half a distance from nearby aircraft. The first temporary observation of the object was approximately 200 feet by line of flight. The windshield of my aircraft was clear at this time the observation was made.

When the object completed the turn and left, I immediately attempted to contact the flight of another aircraft also on a round-robin about 10 minutes behind me. It was answered by someone who I believed to be this pilot, but I later learned that although he had received my transmission, he had been unable to reply due to the interference of the transmission individual who was maneuvering. It was never to his knowledge in the vicinity in which I saw this object. Upon landing, I attempted to contact the individual with whom I communicated. The other pilot that I was attempting to contact did not observe the object and to my knowledge I am the only person who made the actual observation.

1st Lieut. [REDACTED]
[REDACTED]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DoD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

(Note: Redactions appear in the original document as black bars obscuring text.)