The document does not contain a photograph, so there is nothing to describe in terms of imagery. Below is the text extracted from the document as requested:

```
                                                                               UNCLASSIFIED
6. On 11 August and 12 August 1949, this AGENt and Special Agent
ROBERT P. SPALDING searched the wooded area in which one of the discs was
reported to have crashed. Nothing even remotely resembling the object
debris was found. There was no evidence in the wooded area that any
object had crashed through the trees, nor was there any indication of arty
earth displacenrent. The wooded area was carefully scanned for swath patches
that an object travelling at high speed would necessarily make. Also the
area was searched for indications of charred or scorched areas. On 13 August
1949, this AGENT and Special Agent ROBERT P. SPALDING dragged Hebgan Lake
in the vicinity indicated by Mr. with negative results.

7. The following information is in answer to requirements set forth in
Part II, Air Intelligence Requirement, Memorandum No. 4, dated 15 February 1949.

    i. August 9, 1949
    2. 0930 hours, Mountain Standard Time
    3. 111 degrees 49 minutes North Latitude
       111 degrees 15 minutes West Longitude
    4. Eight "flying discs", seven in the first flight and one
       reported one-half hour later. Only observer reported no
       definite formation.
    5. Local facilities and organizations which follow celestial
       objects reported that no celestial phenomena were observed in
       the West Yellowstone, Montana, area on 9 August 1949.
    6. Objects in relation to observer passed directly overhead at an
       altitude of approximately 1500 feet above the ground. Six of
       the objects continued flight in a southwesterly direction at the
       same altitude. Two of the objects were observed by the informant
       to crash in the immediate area; however, no fire, explosion or
       smoke of any kind resulted from the crash.
    7. It is believed that the six (6) objects which were in flight were
       in sight a total of ten seconds, however, the two which crashed
       were not in sight more than two seconds according to informant.
    8. A. Object was a grayish metallic color.
       B. The shape of all objects would most nearly correspond to the
          shape and size of an automobile tire. Informant stated that
          some of them had a blackish spot in the middle.
       C. The objects were apparently constructed of metal.
       D. The size of the objects from the observer's view was the
          approximate size of an automobile tire.
    9. The objects were flying in a southwesterly direction.
   10. The flights were reported to be in a horizontal plane and
       objects appeared to be moving at an even flow.
   11. There was no evidence of exhaust, neither was there any odor
       and objects left no contrails.
   12. Objects while observed by informant did not pass through clouds.
   13. No lights were observed to be attached to object.
   14. In questioning informant, he stated that he could not
       observe any means of support the objects would have such as
       wings, vertical jet, rotating cylinder or cone; aerosotatic lift
       or aerodynamic list of fuselage.
```