The image is mostly textual with no photographs visible. The text in the document reads as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
AGENT REPORT

1. NAME & SUBJECT OR TITLE OF INCIDENT
2. DATE SUBMITTED
27 MAY 1949
3. CONTROL SYMBOL OR FILE NO.
AL-29-2

A REPORT OF FINDINGS

(7)   On 23 MAY 1949, Mr. ----- of the Southern Steel and Iron Co., N. Church St., Charlotte, N.C., stated that he was the laborer at the Charlotte Navy Ordnance of Dowex who had charge of the five-galvanic aluminum anodes during the Southeastern Galvanizing Expo which was sponsored by the N. Carolina Galvanization at the Marriot Stadium. He also advised that he attended the above expo during all performances with the exception of one night performance and that he did not observe any unidentified object or light in the vicinity of the stadium and specially no reports by certain sections of Charlotte have been universally false that his positive attitude with relation to any unusual objects would have no bearing as to his refusal although strong emissions of light & unidentified objects in the sky. (--)2

(8)   On 20 MAY 1949, Mr. -----, Executive Director 526 Sbd (Subd Division), Civil Aeronautics Administration, Charlotte, N.C., stated that he has not heard of any unidentified object having been sighted over this stadium and that there has been no change in the flight patterns or landings there to appoint this stadium since before the incident. Control towers were held to .steal in civil atmospheric space for fear of escalation with the regular operation of the stadium, an advisement which he himself is charged with the coordination of this state civil airflight. He has heard of the lighting and there objects but never any direct contact. (--)2

(9)   On 21 MAY 1949, Lt. Col. Hood, Jr., Radio Technician (Major, Civil Air Patrol), 1300 E. 5th St., Charlotte, N.C., stated that he is in charge of the Civil Air Patrol radio station which is located at his residence. The only alertness with the anti-bomb for the staff station and across Charlotte Station 24 is there entirely on the other side of his residence, there have been no alerts in this facility during the past three years, there has never been any aircraft current on these types, which could account for the rumor or short calls. He advised that there are two or the insulators and that one extends across the stadium in the direction of approximately 55 degrees from north, his antenna is fastened to two of poles which lie across the field, with one arc located on his house floor. The stadium, approximately 50 feet above the general track around this central stair is approximately 275 feet long and is constructed of Cobra approximately 60 feet long, which extends from the northeast end, by an insulator which is approximately twelve (12) inches long and is made of Pyrex. Mr. --- advised that no lights whatsoever appear on the above antenna and stated that he does not know whether the above mentioned insulator could reflect light. He further stated that he knows of nothing in connection with the above equipment which would represent an unusual appearance such as he has reported no specific resident in the international flight.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DECLAS. DD FORM 520/10

UNCLASSIFIED

BYD D.N 341

1. TYPED NAME AND ORGANIZATION OF SPECIAL AGENT
2. SIGNATURE OF SPECIAL AGENT

WD AGO FORM 311
(REV. 1 JUN 47)

U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1949 O - 804848—47