The image you have provided appears to be a scanned page from a newspaper, and it does not contain any photographs. Instead, there are two newspaper articles with text. Here is the text from the document:

Air Force Does 'Saucer' Story
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.—(INS)—The Air force today ex-pressed the theory that a New Mexico plane found in a "dis- mantled state" may have been mis- took for a flying saucer where pi-loted tobacco tin men are employed to have been seen.' The revelation of the "flying saucer" story is a gag, or originating somewhere in the realm of lore.

Seattle Post-Intelligencer
Aug. 30, 1949

FT. WORTH STAR TELEGRAM
AUG. 25, '49

Latest 'Flying Saucer' Mystery Clue Dissolved
LAS VEGAS, Nev., Aug. 25 (AP) He said he dropped the project and left Maryland years ago because it couldn't obtain financing. His current interest? It's the "auto-swing," a new invention that looks something like a flying har- vesting machine.

Caldwell, bald but alert as a cricket, had nothing to do with the thing.

Caldwell had been identified as the inventor of two disk-like aircraft models found last week in a tool shed near Mays. Md. He's out of town right now, but his attorney, Emile Wanderer,

DAYTON'S JOURNAL HERALD
AUG. 29

Air Force Finds Odd Planes Hint "Flying Saucers" Type
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.—(UP)—The United States air force, in cooperation with Maryland state police, tonight revealed in an "flying saucer" type aircraft in an abandoned tool-shed at Marriottsville, Md., and is described in unusual.

The contraptions, which an air force spokesman said gave the appearance of "flying discs" and one of which is reported to have flown were discovered by the force of its rapid investigation which for years has been probing into the "flying saucer" mystery, which few tangible results.

Capt. Marious Belt, head of the Baltimore, Md., detachment of the air force office of special investigation, said the investigation had disclosed the two machines, since he built the unique machines. They he had not personally viewed them himself. They appear to be improved model now under construction. Capt. Belt has said and one was found in the craft. He said the craft looks somewhat like a helicopter. It has two thin shells which are past together by "tacks" the remains suggested the engineers devised a machine, as yet uncompleted, which he said he had found out the amount of about had located some sections "as neat have a diameter of a shaft that Caldwell would like very much of the greater.

The air force conceded that some of them may have "gone aloft" but added that they said not all of their touted be "that one that made "craft could possibly have made a successful flight.

It near the end that were in such stipulated condition they neither could have flown "recent enough" to have been the rise in saucer clippings recently. States this regional over the saucer belief.