There are no photographs in the provided document page image. Here is the reproduced text from the document:

```
(PROJECT GRUDGE)

DETAILS

1. This investigation was predicated upon receipt of a Routing and
Record Sheet, dated 7 June 1949, from Lt. Colonel A. J. McShefferty, Jr.,
Acting Chief, Analysis Division, Intelligence Department (MCIAX-2), Head-
quarters, Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton,
Ohio, requesting an investigation be conducted of an unidentified aerial
object observed on 5 June 1949 by Mrs. ------- ------ of Union,
Ohio and Mr. ------- ------ of 2058 Brandon Court, Mount Washington, Cincinnati,
Ohio.

AT UNION, OHIO

2. Mrs. -------- --------, Union, Ohio, housewife, was inter-
viewed on 15 June 1949 and stated that she observed an unidentified aerial 
object between 1400 and 1500 hours on 5 June 1949, from the yard of their
farm, which is located approximately one and a half miles north of Union,
Ohio, on Route 48. Mrs. -------- was looking for airplanes from the Naval
Reserve Columbus, Ohio, when the object appeared at a forty five degree
angle in the northwest, traveling southeast. The object went directly
overhead and disappeared from sight at approximately a thirty five degree
angle. Mrs. -------- described the object as being approximately two feet
in diameter, dull white in color, shaped like an artist's palette and
flying a straight course at approximately half the speed of a jet plane,
between five and eight thousand feet with the open edge forward. The object
was in sight for less than two seconds. Mrs. -------- called her husband's
attention to the object. Mr. -------- an employee of the National Cash
Register, Dayton, Ohio, saw the object just after it had passed over the
farm. His description of the object corresponded with that of his wife
except that the object appeared to be two feet in width, three to four feet
in length, did not leave any trail or have any projections. The weather
was clear, no wind was blowing and no planes were in the vicinity at the
time, although planes from the airport at Vandalia, Ohio, Wright-Patterson
AFB, Dayton, Ohio or the Naval Air Station, Columbus, Ohio, had flown over
their farm that day.

AT CINCINNATI, OHIO

3. Mr. -------- --------, Project Engineer, Crosley Engineering Division,
Crosley Motors, Cincinnati, Ohio, was interviewed on 14 June 1949 and he
stated that he observed an unidentified aerial object at approximately
1400 hours on 5 June 1949, from the back yard of his home, which is located
approximately one mile southeast of the Lunken Airport, Cincinnati, Ohio. The
flight pattern of the object, different than balloons or airplanes, attracted
Mr. -------- attention to the object. The object appeared to be about the size
of a baseball and dark grayish brown in color. When first seen, it was almost
overhead at an eighty five degree angle approximately eight to ten thousand
feet in altitude. The object, traveling southwas] was round in shape and

2
```

Note: The names of the individuals mentioned in the document have been redacted with dashes (--------).