The document does not contain any photographs. It is entirely textual with some sections redacted.

Here is the text output from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

The writer set up a transit at the exact location from where
he sighted the object and obtained the following readings:

Location: 33° 56' North and 106° 05' West (Holloman AFB)

Object, First Sighted: 30° magnetic North and 10° elevation.

Object, Last Sighted: 75° magnetic North and 0° elevation.

6.    [REDACTED], Holloman AFB, Alamogordo, New Mexico
was interviewed on 8 February 1949. Mr [REDACTED] advised that his position at
the site of the sighting was approximately 3 miles south of Three Rivers,
New Mexico, that he was not positive inasmuch as to Mr. [REDACTED]
employment, Alamogordo, New Mexico, was in the car with him and
he, [REDACTED], thinks they are not at Three Rivers when the object was
sighted. The length of time the object, by estimate, was that it was a long
time, any where a portion of the object was included in the sky and the flash
of light from start until the time no further sight was made was approximately
10 seconds. Mr. [REDACTED] states, "It was just like someone turning a light
on very bright and off" An attempt was not made to take transit mead-
ings with Mr. [REDACTED] because of his unfamiliar position at the time of
the sighting, other than the difference of the shape of the object, the
description given him concurred with the other description noted
herein.

7.    Sgt. [REDACTED], MP Detachment, Holloman AFB, Alamogordo,
New Mexico was interviewed on 1 February 1949 and made the following state-

ments:

At about 1800 hours, while
in the company of [REDACTED] of Boeing Aircraft, I observed an
object that appeared to be traveling diagonally across in front of me, at
an angle of 30° left-to-right at a very slow rate of speed. It was black
against very close and appeared to be traveling very slowly. The object was
in my sight for approximately three or four seconds. The actions of said
object during this time were as follows:

Gentle downward glide; bright burning (Green and yellowish light),
a fizzling out and then a bright burning, and then appeared to
die out. (This could have been the effects of its passing
beyond my view.)

by direction of travel was nearly the same, thus the object's
direction was East-Southeast or Southeast, the weather at that time was
clear and cold, no ground wind and no indications of upper winds. My
location was west of Tularosa, New Mexico, beyond the railyards of the
Southern Pacific Railroad.

UNCLASSIFIED

---