There are no photographs present in this document.

The text of the document is as follows:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS
OGDEN AIR MATERIEL AREA
Hill Air Force Base

Hill Field, Utah
25 May 1949

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

This is in relation to foreign objects I sighted in the air in the vicinity of Hill Air Force Base at approximately 1405 M on 25 May 1949.

I was at the West Salvage Yard of Hill Air Force Base, escorting Lt Colonel Petersen and party on an Inspection visit and Mr. ---------
of the Air Inspectors Office and I stopped for a moment to discuss some-
thing or other. While talking with Lt. ------- I was watching an F-51
cruising south of the field, approximately eight miles, when I sighted
a dull silver circular object, which at first looked as if it were follow-
ing the P-51. I thought it might be an aerial gunnery sleeve of some kind,
but the object was going approximately 400 MPH faster than the P-51 and
seemed to be much father away and higher. Then the P-51 started to turn
to the left and the object went straight ahead until it was out of sight.

I turned to Mr. -------- and asked him to look, and pointed to the
direction I had seen it and asked him if he could see anything. He said
"No, I can't see anything there, but look over there." To the north of
the path of the first object and also going southeast, was another
circular object. The side away from the sun looked dark blue and the
other side was silver colored and flashed, as if reflecting sunlight.
It looked like it was lower than the first object, traveling southeast
from the field and could be seen more clearly than the first object;
It was about the size of a full moon. Mr. -------- and I watched it for
maybe a minute until it disappeared from view and we wondered if it
might be a weather balloon at that time of day with a perfectly clear
sky except for a few scattered clouds far to the south.

We walked over to Colonel Petersen and told him what we had seen
and he advised us to call the OST and let them know so they could check
on whether they were weather balloons or what they might have been.

/s/ -----------
1st Lt., USAF

UNCLASSIFIED

Incl #2.
```

The names and certain details have been redacted from the document.