The image appears to be a typewritten document, and there are no photographs present within this image. Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

---

RESTRICTED

UNCLASSIFIED
ATIC Blue Book file but there was no record of any incidents on those dates.
This does not mean very much, however, since it is known that a lot of the
incident files were destroyed about this time.)

7. A photograph of one of the gieger counter set-ups, a diagram of the
set-up, and copies of the traces of records are shown in the attachments to
this report.

8. It should be noted that all of the people involved in this are qualified
scientists working at Los Alamos. They have checked every possible source of the
radiation they can think of and cannot account for it. They have discussed this
with many people including well-known scientists visiting Los Alamos and there is
no ready explanation, either for the source of the radiation detected or the
correlation between visual sightings and the radiation.

9. Reports of these incidents were made to the Security Force at Los Alamos
and supposedly were to be forwarded to the Air Force. As far as can be determined,
they were never received at ATIC.

10. Along these same lines, attention can be called to the fact that a Colonel
from WADC visited ATIC several months ago and reported that the same thing had
happened at Oak Ridge, Tennessee.

11. The accounts of these incidents are still rather vague, too vague to
draw any definite conclusions as to whether or not further action should be taken
to investigate all radiation monitoring stations in the U.S. to determine if more
correlations are present.

RECOMMENDATIONS

12. It is recommended that:

a. All possible details of the Los Alamos and Palomar sightings be
obtained. This can be accomplished by attempting to locate both the reports made
by the Navy (paragraph 4) and the Security Force at Los Alamos (paragraph 9)
reports. In the meantime the people at Los Alamos should be contacted to get
their complete story both as a cross check on the reports and in case the reports
cannot be located.

b. Get all details on the incidents at Oak Ridge, Tennessee.

UNCLASSIFIED

---