The image you've provided does not contain any photographs; it is a page from a document.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS UNCLASSIFIED

Incident No.

1. Date of observation 31 August 19 Date of Interview 6 September 19
2. Exact time of observation (local) 2350
3. Place of observation Houston Light and Power station
(Hap coordinates) Houston, Te_as
4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location or - give details)
Observers were looking out of a third floor window of the power plant where
they were on duty. They were looking south and watching a storm that was brewing.
5. What attracted attention to object The sky in South was very bleak with banded
clouds and the object was noticed by resemblance to the color yellow when
it appeared from horizons against yellow of lightning north and east. One South.
Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping.
One
6. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or fist
at arms length) Both observers described object as being about size of an 
orange and at its estimated that object was from 5 to 10 miles to South of
BBF#* 9&!%#%). All described observers saw a tail or trail that they could
not see body of object. That the object was moving about color of an arc weld.
Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object)
Round.

10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
Observers estimated object around 5,000 ft above earth. Because of observers'
position, 2 stories high, object was almost level with their gaze.
11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from north): Object appeared from the
northeast and disappeared to Southwest, making complete straight line across
horizon.
Distance from observer (distance to town, bldg, etc., over which object
appeared to be) .appeared to be eight to ten miles away.
13. Direction of flight of object (s): Northeast to Southwest.
14. Time in sight: Five to ten seconds
15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance) Estimated at over 1,000 miles
per hour 
16. Sound and odor: None
17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.) no trail. Fire steady and not 
familarized at edges.
18. Luminosity (visible by reflation, incandescence, other - degree of
brilliance): Bluish green and very brilliants.
19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.):
Could not be seen because of 
Luminavors (turns, climbs, twines, other flight path): None
Object continued on straight and level speed.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that there might be errors in the transcription due to the quality of the text and possible OCR artifacts.