The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page with typed text from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

---

7. Reliability of observer
   a. Sources

      (1) Local hours - residence and unit check was conducted in the
vicinity of observer's residence and the following persons were interviewed:
T/Sgt Lloyd) J. St... , [-9752Ulc; 1/Sgt J... M. T... L...[-]L-217/7/3;
T/Sgt D... H... R... , [-]AF-0815; Prfc G... V...[-]AF-0523/755 and
Sfc H.. Ls... Lt... , FL-425343, an motor vehicle sq., 43rd Scad. Div.-
Longhenu AF3, Tucson, Arizona, and all state without any exception that
Observer in a trustworthy and very reliable man with no moratory traits
in his character, which, it has been commented, is under above average at the
aircraft maintenance shop. Observer was described as very
hard worker, honest, above average in intelligence, sincere, reliable
worker, quiet, and a man who is very interested in becoming a mechanic,
to a reliable airplane. One of the above listed persons know anything
very strong in his belief in the very unusual and with
degree; they an not aware of his interest in celestial bodies until the
reported incident at time and it some [sic] believes that
said he and two a single get through school to unusual aerial objects.
With his education in the upper bracket (H.S.), but when asked,
he said he was too lazy in school, and cares for himself, but is in
is very honest and sincere about all statements he makes and that he
does not the type of person who fringes the.truth[sic]. LIETCIA said he was
has a very poor conception of what he sees and hears. LIETCIA said he was
also in the barracks the day they came the aerial object said that he
arrived at the window too late to see the object.

      (2) No jail records of the Pima County Sheriff's office, and the Police
Department, Tucson, Arizona, revealed no record of observer.

      (3) records of the FBI office, Tucson, Arizona are maintained at
Phoenix, Arizona.

      (4) A check of Observer's service record and 201 file at Davis-
Monthan AFB, Tucson, Arizona revealed no derogatory information. His
date of birth is listed as 29 April 1931 at Chicago, Illinois, and his
permanent address is shown as nnnnn, Los Angeles, California.
Observer's character and efficiency ratings are listed as "excellent" and
"partial, has no title lost under AW 107 or any record of trials by Court
Martial. has completed the 11th grade at a high school in Los Angeles,
California and is a graduate of the USAF Technical Training School for
Automobile Equipment Technicianss...Ws score on his army General
Classification Test is shown as Class II - 119.

8. Notes relative to observer

   a. Observer has never seen any other objects similar to the one described
above.

   b. Observer was laying on back on his bed at his barracks looking directly
out of a west window when he saw the object pass.

UNCLASSIFIED

---