There are no photographs in the document image provided. However, there is an illustration, which appears to be a hand-drawn diagram of an observed object.

Here is the text from the document:

```
DESCRIPTION OF A "FIREBALL"
by Dr. William Northdurft.

In the early morning of April 7, 1949, at about 4:15 - 4:30 a.m., there appeared over Des Moines, Iowa, a strange object. This was two days after the various appearances over Salt Lake City and northward. 

The object was evidently first seen by a Mr. Eggert. One of the shades in his room (toward the west) was up about four inches; the light that came through this small opening was so bright that it awakened him, and he went to the window, spent several moments examining the object, then lay down on his bed again to determine by its shadow where it was moving. The shadow (or, the light on the floor) was moving southward. Then he went to the window again and watched it as it slowly disappeared behind the house next door. The object was thus travelling north and was west of the observer. "It was the most hilarious thing I have ever seen in my life" says Mr. Ahern; and he drew a sketch of the way it looked:

                    [HAND-DRAWN DIAGRAM]
                      (like IRON 
                       or ALUMINUM)

LEFT: SLUG of BLACK              Transparent Mr. diagram
THROW                          

Use of              The lower part was also lighted
      (has mass    as if in compartments, and these
       and volume) were a FLAMable colour black, yellow,
                    bright purple and purple respectively.

                            RIGHT:
Left vertical line represents a part that looked thick, like a mental. The upper part seemed transparent and full of fire. The lower part was also lighted as if in compartments, and these were a flamable colour black, yellow, bright purple and purple respectively.

At about the same time, a Mrs was startled by, a brilliant light, some 40 blocks west of Mr. Mr was startled by a brilliant light, high in the sky toward the S.W. Fire trailed from it like a Roman candle" but the illumination was very brief. Both Mrs and Mr seemed to me to be perfectly normal people and not unduly excited by their experiences.

From my interviews with people in Waterloo last fall regarding the discs that were seen here in July 1947, and from newspaper clipping, especially from Iowa, I have learned that similar phenomena are usually seen over a certain kind of terrain, either around a hilly section, or river bottoms where great oak isolas are, and always with little vegetation and undergrowth. In Waterloo, this section of Des Moines, and in Ezline, Iowa, (where a disc was seen May 5th last), there are rivers. In the light of this, I am wondering if this object seen over DesMoines was not going slowly over this hilly section, looking for something, and whether the float raid by Mrs. Dubany night might have been a ship; one like them that appeared not only as a "fire ball" over "dark terrain", but as "grey saucers" as well. During daylight, over DesMoines and Ezline, La. over Utah, and over Oakland, Calif.---all were travelling northward.

(next page)
```

Please note that part of the text is obstructed by what appears to be an illustration. I have endeavored to replicate the visible sections of the text faithfully, including transcription of the diagram label. Some names and information which appear to be redacted with black marks in the document have been replaced with generic placeholders in this transcription.