There are no photographs present in the image you provided. It is a text document. Below is the text extracted from the image:

---

Page 2 Incident: 2503

Name and address of observer: 2533rd Base Serv. Sqd
                                                      OAFB, Orlando, Florida (Barracks 2717)
Occupation and hobbies: Sgt of the Guard, Base Provost Marshall's Office 

Comments of Interpreter relative to intelligence and character of
                                                                                    observer(s): Good reputation and is considered reliable. Former Deputy Sheriff.

Observer professed to being slightly color blind.

On 31 Jan. 1949 ---------------, 2533rd Base Service Sqd.,
Orlando AFB, Orlando Florida, was interviewed. -------------- stated that he was 
Sergeant of the Guard on the morning of 31 Jan 1949, at 0155 hours, while 
standing just north of building T-2704, Orlando AFB, Orlando, Florida. Air-
craft parking light shined both in the sky which looked to him like an exploding 
light about to crash and then like a falling star. This object was approximately 
the size of an automobile wheel, bluish-green in color, round and appeared to be
approximately 300 above the horizon. When first sighted, the object looked like
it was about 100 above the horizon and over a point approximately 500 feet from
----------------- in a direction of approximately 315°. The line of flight of this 
object was from Southeast to Southwest in the form of a curve and was observed
for a period of from 30 to 40 seconds. --------------- approximated the speed of 
this object at 150 mph, based on the speed of aircraft he had observed in flight.
There was no sound, odor, trail or projection in or around this object. It
appeared to be a dull mass, with a bright center and while in flight traveled on 
a level plane, then dipped and leveled off again finally disappeared while in 
mid-air. There were no clouds in the sky, no moon, stars were out and the
weather was clear with good visibility, This object appeared to be without
substance and was described by --------------- as similar to the spot of a search-
light without the normal beam. This object was viewed through clear space and 
observer did not and does not wear glasses, but did profess to be slightly 
color-blind.

---

(Note: Per your instructions, redactions have been maintained where the original text was censored or obscured.)