The image does not contain any photographs; instead, it is a scanned document page. Below is the extracted text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS 1st FIGHTER WING
March Air Force Base
March Field, California
2 May 1949

SUBJECT: Investigation of Unidentified Flying Objects

To:

Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. In compliance with 1st Indorsement to basic letter, MLO 
ANR 200-112, subject: Information of Unidentified Flying Object,
dated 1 March 1949, the following report of investigation is sub-
mitted:

a. 1st Lt. ████████████████, Air Force Reserves Pilot, 
stationed with 709th Air Reserve Unit, Fresno State Teachers College,
Fresno, California, is above grade and submitted a written statement 
concerning his observation of an unfamiliar flying object. This ob-
servation was made in the vicinity of Sandberg Pass, forty (40) miles 
South of Bakersfield, California, at approximately 20 PST, 23 Feb-
ruary 1949. No other persons were found who had witnessed the flight 
of this object. [Dude to investigation of unidentified aerial ob-
jects, which was furnished this office by Air Material Command, was 
used during the interrogation.

b. 1st Lt. ███████████, a student of Industrial Arts at Fresno State 
Teachers College, Fresno, California, appeared to be an earnest young 
man, rather quiet and reserved, with no particular set of facial
expression. He is regarded as sober and respectable and enjoys a 
good reputation among his associates, in the school. In the opinion 
of the Investigating Officer, Lt █████ would have neither the inclina-
tion nor the ability to construct and a report a wild story of fan-
tasy.

c. 1st Lt. █████████ was first interviewed on 22 March 1949, It is re-
ported that at the time of the observation he had been lost in the 
fog, pilots woas a 0-1 in the 033, a large one seated at a round 
table in cross country proficiency flights from one instructional 
to another. The object, which he observed was.

[REMAINDER OF TEXT ON PAGE OBSCURED BY CUT-OFF]
```