The image provided is a page of a document containing text. There are no photographs present on this page. Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

---

ett Saucer presumably that the other
cess an instinct prevailed and the higher objects are intelligently flown. In no set- commenced to stagger north on the truck,
heel of the sighting reports can he take the ground, it is hard to disagree with him.
t is Whoel who flew out, came like a round, he pulled onto the saidy he din fainth
at about 1:45 a.m., ni July 21, 1918, and began living with both throtters crushing
a strange, thing ob ject rang sizing over rhythms, the aircraft drew behind the cross
Nashville from the night time horizon up by proullo the second Ming continued
Subburns Air Force Base, near Gmorgle. and steering. There are cryptic items to be many of the year old jet ships will not be made
Robrvias Air at the have made attempted to pull out of the slip and the tug to
to see a huge, projectile like craft race byhiwheel mounted something, it swooped and slost within the Maioris most transmit low
overhead trailing a translucent exhaust. laws. airs in the turn cred accelerated
It diappeared avery intoopn spae. There is point for the large man have prevens Hot sun also
About an hour later, an Fastern Air- if he anticipated that a foulage on the tide intedium reported by Chiles and Whitted
lines DC-3 was en route to Atlanta The ob- could support a load comparable to the could support a load comparable to the
jret went away to Mont Gomaury, Ala- weight of and airfrast of this sine. Sub- weight of au airfraet of this siee, at full
from air routes (Latnar G.), Chile, a sequent spawns the automatic runway-sys-opaque
baring Carpenter and the other tem spexal in equivalent to Chiles' (esti-thaic
from Mayo junt B. Whitted, who had made atSSTEX-30-mph).
bligh P. 7013 droning the war. It was a Trade mitnuted by the N.A.CA. for mor? Jones, this statements simply means that
low clouding nighe, with scattered ates stratosphere tring wings, of the skite an aircraft with known propulsions could fly
clouds overhead.
Suddenly a brilliant, hot glistening ibject paoialell ahead of them. At fert, the at subor orereal spare of this space
the two pilots took it to be an air-line force ship felt another sturdy—ato, the “straddle craft” ed antitly gravity aller tho usual
plane.
leprojue at the sanie time.” Chiles landcus. "I cought to mee fantastic reports and this eould brically fetter aldready of
“We yaw it and we saw tlver too. We of whit wady Progwes Saucer, Chiles know how differently has et ject pilots nwcothis invents
It was FrostSauser tete toward us and cer we polin teod at on abdruple its spndity The engineer's airbwrne been
veered to the left. It seem sharp, hee, The past suck cenalliration added with had never fold for Thirle round bul
and past us about veveral hundrted feet considered events, all the first lueita This Roout the same vulgar vernon
to our righe in and above us."
"The thing was about a hundred Rogis and Ayricide Researic reported in-
fect long, cagar-claped, and wingless Enobling all entities to the Rabbur air
Wheeled described it as about twice format simultaneous made attests to span-estim matine. In the Past opinions, but
the diameter of a B-29, with no propru-d in sialed when mention of the atomic poveracting which it led men tonostate China
ing faint.”
Captain Choles said the cabin apad, that susfall homeln vitae side the
peored like a pilot compartment except sunder then the skepen were 1. They had not
it wad tried brillinatman. Both he and facts ort of nuculeamar cleaner slecta
Whitted egree its whas as bign as a nage. The Fast Zone skaf nonicidal three by
icartin airl puty, curries detectives that
serpent flercby. They saw no oacupants, serperane of the ground and aid some
but as Sarai weed pr lung this was not
nnumin tear, It pass avergessenids that these action may that they ide or ab-
the strange plane could have came, from motive even. It awfuls admids that ing was
a power plant of gone unumal type neger had numerous may have not been
"An strange dark blue gleesless fore tried
encircled the ship." Chiles repouted "Sentral other "ship" of the same type,
like a blue floreentine ligh of the large reported by Whelon pilots, also eratin in
-The sibe the entire limp cocly revegled Junai 1949, 1947, blak plots for an Ala-so of the enginer."Chiles of the bombing service too Windsor Crabble
exhaust wha n red-orange flame, with a raring a flight have had a strange one, thern
lighter colot" protrastamaunt and the againlinte swirl, skeptic huapript
outer edges maning down by a red ribbon over though, started
buff.
(This discription parallels the de
lrost of observers star Robbird Air Force
presently to feel not and the light turned back
both pilots filed the same intercepted both plats noted a beautiful slip, in?
story to city feet behind the skew. As it with blue beam, it has no wings, motors, op
pased, Choles noted a hot stinke raidor Mistress march of propulsion. The two
poldeswe both men glimpsed two rows of
window pistuls carriod it roars their paths, creat
plunt pt it went by said Chiles, "the ing Sount in chheid and attempted to, fol-
job just alt up as i it had seen low, but it dispensed. 17When the foment ray noted were often, low. Careful checks
DC- or und to avoid us. There was they showed there have no other means
a remandous burst of flame from the for anything which could been mistaken birthday mystery ship.
rear, It wood intito the clouds, it pert us The mother wingless aircraft was later
peoplahan rocking our DC-3." bo sighted at Jakrson, Mississippi. Described
Chilies' later estimate of its head was to as rocket shaped, it speed wily from 200
beteen 500 and 700 males an hour. reported-340 mph, and sweep up trilling the
As the object vanished, Chiles went Americaing ship rokt dash frisk by a
into the nation beacon while the patts agother. Ais Hot wing and norpulesent.
wonded inti DC-3 to check with opera sheriff Soure pat, has trained banck.
tsywers, But one man confirmed that The United States not both clone have to
therng Clare their six sense. This pus proposil of all. Beven the types—banfired
were, in metric ridglevuls of Canbusia, roundorr craft, not globes have been Wen
Ohio, toald them (and a Proight Saucer In Holland, Norway, Holland, Turkey, New
team later) that he had seen a brilliant Sveden, Paragua, Ruuania, the
streak of light flash past is window. It Guinea and many other places.
beampus
have been streaking within a rad problems at Wa hington, and other ort
Projrot Sautor, an it's own vasior, is of the world too amurous to munt.
a “stratoswave radiation ceb....it Th ndees mokento, priavely may decimals at that time
never came the auric reported by la R They move people, invent (with dark art
I've the pilot intertept obers let on bringing to airl planes, but are generally
page to hit the saucer hang attiveensens I have the stuff the pilot, howe monitored. The names with "air planes report" are
ducts wton's hope ping runner trans- choked with sagrer concerns for these
mounted minstruments tack on strategy, staties. Airmonoers, rocket-experts,
ge adieiphe cannons, pattern monts al audienced with gratins porns, artoblin
fresh pass i torsos of Air Intelligence off- beres and teams sing by ton my senes
fiends basic Hem in the force of have a tediah reported striclity.
One can see that superirilling moment
ett men that the agungust "flaglights
which ouneosiedi one night at Fargo, North
Dtotober ronument in the evening,
On it