The image does not contain any photographs, only a page with typewritten text. Here is the text output as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED                                       11 May 1949

                                       STATEMENT

On 9 May 1949 at approximately 1430 hours, while reclining on the front 
lawn of my residence at 933 Nintn Blvd., Tucson, Arizona, I had occasion to 
notice two objects in the air over head. These objects came into view from a 
southwesterly direction travelling northeast. When approximately directly over-
head, the objects banked to the left and went in an approximately in a north-
westerly direction, continuing in this direction for approximately one mile
and then banking abruptly to the right and headed northeast towards the Catalina
Mountains. They continued in this northeast direction, gradually fading from 
view until they finally disappeared from my sight.

The size of these objects, to my estimation, was approximately 25 feet in 
diameter with a thickness of approximately one foot and thier size in relation
to a known object as they appeared to me in the air was approximately the size 
of a wash tub. I would place their altitude at approximately 10,000 feet. There
was no discernible variation in tails altitude during the time they remained in 
my sight. The distance between these two objects, which did not vary considerbly 
was approximately 50 feet. When I first saw them they were directly overhead 
and appeared perfectly round, when they banked to the left and then to the right
I was able to see both sides of them

There was no apparent means of motivation, no vapor trail, exhaust and 
absolutely no sound. The surface appeared to be smooth and symmetrical. They 
did not appear to vary in thickness toward the center from the outer edge. The 
color appeared clear and very shiney when reflecting the sun. This particular
day was a very cleary sunshiney day. The objects seemed to be traveling between 
75 and 1,000 miles an hour.

I have been associated with aircraft the major portion of my life, having 
spent the last eight yours in actual duties connected with aircraft and presently
am a 111th enginner on flying status. I have observed all conventional types of 
aircraft and jet fighter aircraft in the sky and this object seemed to be consid-
erably faster than I have ever seen any aircraft travel. My home is located in the
southeastern section of Tucson in the acironutical city and the approximate dis-
tance from my house to the Catalina Mountains in a northeast direction is six miles.
From the direction I first sighted the objects came from, they would have come 
over a more densely populated portion of the city of Tucson, but not necessarily 
over how business center. Upon initially sighting these objects in the air, I 
called to my wife to con.e out of the house, but she did not get out until they 
disappeared. The whole occurrance from the time I initially sighted the objects 
until I lost sight of them was between 6 and 10 seconds.

UNCLASSIFIED                                           /1.6.
```

Please note that any discrepancies or typographical errors in the text are preserved from the original document to maintain accuracy.