The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page with various text articles. Here is the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) produced output of all the text found in the document:

---
"Flying Saucers"--There Aren't Any, AF Decides

WASHINGTON, Dec. 30-- After weekend up on 335 high-flying saucers and various rumors over the Big Four talks, the Air Force has concluded that there aren't any "flying saucers."

The fact the USAF's special staff from Washington, our radar and help from university consultants to track down the results of strange skies whizzing through the air.

Last night the Air Force said "Project Flying Saucer" The formation started by the Air 

Material Command at Wright- Patterson A. F. Base, Ohio, on June 20, 1947, has been ordered closed down. 

There is nothing "flying saucer" reports were not the results of actual phenomena.

There "indisputed period evidence to indicate... the existence of a modius conventional system or make new forms of major portions of the flying saucers.

Certain Air Force define the 'flying conventional objects'  to use high unusual flyers and bodies such as fish or reflections with illusions.

PRIMARY EFFECT of last night's Air Force announcement is to remove a stepping pad in the U.F.O. story. The magazine had previously hinted at secret and had identified "flying saucer" believed that Project The Air for 

ahem... The Air Force said there are other explanations and that, to the interplanetary is probable The Air Force last spring 

shut to shut down the flying saucer rumors With a quiet but and disavowal of rumor denial hinted discussions. It were would have been the had thenitors to have to plenty of visitors even- likely to arrive from other planets on space ships, the James ship visitors.

Included the possibility of the existence of men even on Mars. Even if men were there, the relatively less plane of the USAF divulged that they were "A" uneconomically established there were able to build space ships.

---

Magazines Say: 
Saucers Are 
Interplanetary

NEW YORK, Dec. 23--(HTNS)--Two established monthly magazines today declared that "flying saucers" are devices piloting "non-human" human by spacemen who flew from "Celestial Earth more advanced than our own.

In updating "flying saucers are not there a centre of high... mercury cast." Great that it started at high intu- and landed that lack. An authority IAFFE (Air Project, based on today. ) The monthlies said that the Air Force personnel fatigue is the saucers the explanation and there are certain people powers would, "what would this be possible." 

The Air Force Magazine (Army, and has been declaring they would whir before anyone can. The monthly magazine said over the few "flying saucers.

WHITE PROBABLE have the most remote belief in the saucers, or were, but there is nothing new- shattering to indicate that the saucers are a interplanetary visitors?"

BAKING ITS conclusion on an original investigation by John Philip Bessor, a former Navy flyer and former official of the Department of Commerce are in- resources branch, True said it has come to the "considered conclu- ing" that: "Flying saucers a real."

TWO—The planets are close enough, under systematic solar system examination from *which, interior range again are they of "flying. The planets" known that last 175 years. *JUPITER—Has the basis to the Earth's atmosphere by the in- temporary visibility, value, the desired matter "tracking" has far as "no." 

FOUNTY—The persons quoted on the records by saucer" found that sometimes "have" the gained invention are secret defense uses and conserve an claims to prove.

Probe In Ended
ATF Concludes
Flying Saucer
Is Just a Myth

The Air Force yesterday exploded the "flying saucer" myth.

It said the "extensive examination and sincere close to the study, investigating like-six serious reports just strange of episodes of served about a dozen countries gives have established there is no such thing. 

The reports, it said, turned the "non-interpretable of various conventional conceptions of mistakes." The illustrated idea that it has mass hysteria or psychosis," of the Air spread "a term project saucer" set up at Wright Field at Dayton, O., to end the reports "there is no steady phenomena are not the result of natural phenomena."

The state was said in true: The make and its items attend the "informed authority" issued that "saucers are interplanetary spaceships manned half-pint evilised beings.

"Flying Saucer
Report Denied
In Kentucky

More flying saucers."

Lar ten continues:

Air Material Command (AMC) officials said last night they would investigate reports of the Tennessee, despite the "statement of the Air Force, detailed recently in Wright Patterson, proclaiming the whole a hoax.

A spokesman for the Wright ing forces AMB—The base model had a U.F.O. had position there when denied the AMC report that a new investigation of saucers claims claim.

Air Force Base, Louisville, Ky. 

According to the report caught over at London, [red part: 6:15 p. m.]

The object sighted a "disc- shaped, silvery glow with a glow harder than any star," an altitude of about 750 feet.

However, the Fort Knox belief that claim the object had "tele- inquest some office reported later which is identified as Venus, not new lens unofficial bright which."

The Fort Knox office attributed the weather report to an "undue" difficult object observed, 

All had been said the A.T.F. official received similar report last incident year's day from North Carolina.

Those Flying Saucers!
Somebody in His Cups!

---

Please note that this transcription contains portions that are unclear, fragmented or may not make coherent sense due to the quality and style of the text in the original document.