The document provided does not contain a photograph. It is a text page. Here is the transcription of the text found in the document:

---

Details, File 24-24 (continued) UNCLASSIFIED

direction, although Mr. [redacted] had previously stated that he did not see the object until it had struck the pavement. A number of pedestrians were at the intersection at the time and a crowd soon gathered. Members of the crowd urged Mr. [redacted] to contact the newspaper and report the "flying disc" and a member of the crowd called a policeman to the scene. Mr. [redacted] could offer no further information relative to the object.

4. Buildings immediately adjacent to the area at which the object allegedly fell were examined by OSI Agents on 19 August 1949. It was impossible to locate a source of the object in any of the buildings inspected.

5. The object which was recovered by Patrolman [redacted] is a pie-shaped object apparently of a metal alloy construction. The exterior is covered with a sooty substance while underneath the metal is of a silvery-gray color. Two (2) sides of the object are rough, indicating that the metal may have been broken from a larger piece. The rounded edge of the object is apparently a finished edge. The object varies in thickness from approximately one-eighth inch (1/8") to one-half inch (1/2").

It should be noted that the only positive information indicating that the object came from the air was from Patrolman [redacted], which was reported in Paragraph 1 above. Contrary to Patrolman [redacted]'s statement, the two (2) additional witnesses reported that [redacted] was not aware of the object until he was called to the scene from his traffic duties after the discovery of the object. Mr. [redacted], news vendor, stated that he did not see the object until it had struck the pavement and later stated that it had fallen from the air.

ENCLOSURES:

FOR COMMANDING GENERAL, AIR MATERIEL COMMAND, WRIGHT PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, DAYTON, OHIO:

Two (2) each photographs, four (4) views of object.

FOR HEADQUARTERS OSI, WASHINGTON, D. C.:

One (1) each of the above listed photographs.

UNCLASSIFIED

CLOSED

---