The image you've shared does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page of a typewritten document.

Here is the text as it appears on the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Ballistic Measurement Section and all the tracking telescope sites. Anyone of the
afore-mentioned personnel who knew of the reported incident of last Spring may have
revealed information concerning that incident to the reporters,

In order to refresh his memory, DETWICHEMDY was shown a list of the
reporters who were present for the Naval Firing. DETWICHEMDY knows all the local
Corpus reporters and LMT KOVYRMAN. DETWICHEMDY stated he spent cnmsiderable tlme
with reporter CLUTE ROBERTS, mainly because ROBERTS had returned from Germany in
June 1949 and DETWICHEMDY had just received orders assigning him to Germany and
thereforis DETWICHEMDY was interested in obtaining all the firsT-hand Information
he could from ROBERTS regarding life in Germany. Lt, ROBERTS, he related, was a
free-lance radio commentator who sells anything of news value he can pick up.
ROBERTS would only publish that which he had proof of. ROBERTS carried with hin a
small recorder, both in the field and at press conferences. a portable radio mid elec-
tronic recorder and therefore may have an actual recor8ing of the conversation with
the person from whom he obtained the Information regarding flying discs. DETWICHEMDY
stated It was not unusual conduct for reporters like ROBERTS to carry recording
machines. ROBERTS, according to DETWICHEMDY, always tumed on his desk for sounds
and firings on the White Sands Proving Ground range which are directed by a firing
officer on public address system. DETWICHEMDY related incidents when furn Or bids
related that the assault landing exercise at clurte at about 0300. to unauthorizcd
radio during a fire knowning site he was with twelve (12) photographers and Te-
porters of the press and radio and at this time also he had no period around flying
discs,

DETWICHEMDY did not see ROBERTS converse with, interview any of the
Senior Army Officers of the Sanla Fe Proving Grounds. Brigadier General BLACKIORN was
absent from the Sands and Lt. Colonel ELGIN appeared on the scene only briefly
to welcome the reporters to the Sands, DETWICHEMDY and ROBERTS on the
of two [nval Information Officers one of whom was a Middle Grade officer and the other a
Commander. DETWICHEMDY did not see ROBERTS talk to any individual informally
however, ROBERTS could have done so without his knowing because he too was
was otherwise engaged. DETWICHEMDY was unable to recall names for he had no indi-
vidual contacts with the media and in no remember and distinguish who was from the
others.

LMT KOVYRMAN, according to DETWICHEMDY, was one of the individuals who
went to one of the tracking telescope sites the afternoon proceeding the scheduled
firing. He was accompanied by personnel from the Ballistic Laboratory and went to
the station closest to the Camp. KOVYRMAN would have been with the personnel at the
tracking telescope from about 1500 hours to 1700 hours. DETWICHEMDY did not know
the personnel who manned that partlcular telescope on that date because he remained
with the main group of the press at the Block House.

DETWICHEMDY asserted that as part of his duties as Public Information
Officer he maintained clippings files on information of all kind referring to White
Sands Proving Ground that appeared in various news media. DETWICHEMDY first learned
of the publication of information regarding flying discs at his a Sands upon reading
the article published by the El Paso, Texas newspaper on or about 30 August 1949.
DETWICHEMDY took the article to Brig, General BLACKHORN together with what he con-
sidered appropriate remarks the Impropriety for making such a release without naming
the Individual giving the information; that the release was questionable; that it was
essential the it was treated as classified. General BLACKHORN advised DETWICHEMDY to

BTC

6309272 UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that the quality of the scanned document is poor, and while I have attempted to reproduce the text as accurately as possible, there may be errors or omissions due to the difficulty in reading certain words or characters.