The image you've provided shows a page from a document, but there are no photographs included within this page. It contains typewritten text which I will transcribe for you as an OCR system would:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This investigation was requested by District Commander,,,
1st OSI District.

AT MANCHESTER, NEW HAMPSHIRE

2. This is a joint investigation of Special Agent ROGER E.
MACDONALD and the writer.

3. On 20 September 1949, at approximately 1000 hours, an
unidentified unconventional aircraft was sighted by WILLIAM B. ARCHIBOLD,
lst Lt., 16020A, while flying a C-47 aircraft (Serial No. 43-49525), based
at Grenier Air Force Base, New Hampshire. Only one unconventional
aircraft was observed; no celestial phenomena or planets were known to
be in the area at that time. Object was sighted in area 20 miles west of
Hooksett, New Hampshire.

4. ARCHIBOLD estimated 10 miles as the point to point distances
from his point of observation to the object. The missile was observed to
be in a 45 to 60 degree dive, at an altitude of 3500 feet (at the time of
initial sighting). ARCHIBOLD was able to observe object for duration of
approximately one second.

5. ARCHIBOLD described the object as being similar in size and
shape to a fighter aircraft fuselage, silver in color, of an undetermined
material. He believes there was no propeller; he observed no identifiable 
markings on the body. A steady orange flame was seen trailing from the 
tail of the object far a distance approximately the same length as the 
body. No smoke or exhaust, other than above-mentioned flame, was visible.

NOTE: Lt. ARCHIBOLD stated that duration of observation was so brief
that a sketch is impossible.

6. The aircraft was observed by ARCHIBOLD to be coming from the
north and heading in a southerly direction. Its flight appeared to be
steady and smooth. The drive path was along a straight line angle with
no evidence of change of course or attitude. ARCHIBOLD observed no lights,
noise and sound and noted no color. He saw no lift or control surfaces 
on the body of the missile. It could not be determined whether the 1/3 
velocity resulted from the propulsion of the trailing flame or from a 
free gravitational fall. ARCHIBOLD hesitated to estimate its speed in

UNCLASSIFIED

-2-
```

Note that there may be errors in the transcription where the original may have had some illegible or unclear parts due to the quality of the document image.