The image provided is of a text document, and there are no photographs present. I will now transcribe the text as if acting as an Optical Character Recognition (OCR) system:

```
Engineering Division.
Memorandum Report No. LCTENUX-69-L95           UNCLASSIFIED
28 April 1949

of daylight sightings should have been of dark objects.. It is possible, 
of course, that they may have thought the objects were bright because 
they expected all aerial objects to be bright.

On the basis of the evidence thus far considered, the best guess
as to the nature of a visual stimulus that would elicit reports of
unidentified flying objects is that in the daytime it would be the 
reflection of the sun from an aircraft, a wind-blown object, etc.,
and at night some direct light source, such as an engine exhaust, the 
light on a weather balloon, a running light on an aircraft, a meteor, 
etc., or lights from the ground or the moon reflected back by birds or 
other objects in the air.

Discussion of Several Specific Reports

Discussion of a few specific reports will serve to illustrate some
of the points brought up earlier, particularly some of the factors that
make observations of aerial phenomena inaccurate.

Incidents No. 61 and 162:

In one case (Investigation No. 61) a civilian employee at Fleckam
Field at 0900 observed what looked like a balloon with a bright object
suspended below it. It was estimated to be at about 6,000 ft. The
bright object appeared to reflect the sun's rays at the time. After a
few minutes he looked away and then could not find the object again.

In another case (Inc. 163) a reserve officer at Van Nuys, California,
about an hour before dark saw an object that looked somewhat like a 
weather balloon at about 2000 ft. He kept it is sight for about an 
hour. He later concluded that it was at a great height. At first it
had the color of a fluorescent electric light but became orange as the
sun went down and then rather suddenly became invisible.

Both of these objects could well have been just what they appeared
to resemble most -- balloons. The sum was low in the sky in both cases.
                                                                            UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the quality of the document, some uncertainties in transcription may be present.