The image provided does not contain any photographs, it's a scanned page with typewritten text.

Here's the text transcription of the document as requested:

```
DETAILS:

1. This investigation initiated upon information received from
the Valdosta Times, daily newspaper, Valdosta, Georgia.

AT VALDOSTA, GEORGIA.

2. On 19 July 1949, Mr. [redacted] (w,m,civ), reporter for the
Valdosta Times, daily newspaper, Valdosta, Georgia, was interviewed by
this agent and Mr. [redacted], stated in substance that on 10 July 1949
Mrs. [redacted] (w,f,civ) reported to the Valdosta, Georgia,
telephonically informed him that she had seen a bright, reddish object
in the Southeast section of Valdosta, Georgia, at approximately 0300
hours, 7 July 1949.

3. On 19 July 1949, Mrs. [redacted] was interviewed by this
agent and she stated in substance that the object she saw was in the
shape of an electric light bulb, with the small stem up, bright red in
color, hanging in the sky at about a 45 degree angle from the horizon.
Mrs. [redacted] stated that she was awakened at night by the brilliant
red light given off by this object. She also stated that the object
did not seem to be too far away from her and that it slowly disappeared
into the southwest. The object was visible for about ten (10) minutes
and the light given off by the object lit up the neighborhood in which
Mrs. [redacted] lived. Further questioning of Mrs. [redacted] revealed that
she only saw the light of this object and did not see whether this
object was connected to ап other object. The object seemed to move
towards the Southwest in a straight line and did not gain or lose
altitude.

4. The official weather foreman taken from the records of the
US Weather Observer, Municipal Airport, Valdosta, Georgia, are as
follows: wind, calm; scattered clouds at 25,000 feet; visibility 8
miles; no wind aloft report at this time.

5. A check of the local flight schedule of commercial and private
flying, Municipal Airport, Valdosta, Georgia, revealed that no aircraft
were scheduled from the Municipal Airport at Valdosta, Georgia, at this
time. Schedules of transient lines passing over Valdosta, Georgia, were
unknown.

6. A complete residence check of Mrs. [redacted] revealed that she
is trustworthy, though very nervous, sickly, and thought to have a
great amount of imagination.

7. A thorough check of the residences in the vicinity of Mrs.
[redacted]’s home did not reveal anyone who had witnessed this object.

8. The general opinion of residents of Valdosta, Georgia, is that
there is a Government Experimental Laboratory dealing with guided missiles
located on the Florida coast, south of Valdosta, Georgia.

UNCLASSIFIED
-2-
```