No photograph is present in this image. The image contains a typed document with text, including some parts that are redacted or not clearly visible. Here is the text that can be read from the document:

```
Checl Sheet - -conventional Aircraft (Cont)

3. Local Fli ht sc hedu es of co ercial, private and military aircraft
fly'-in, in vicinity at thi time. (ChecL Canadian activity if close to
that border) Aho local Milita schedules on aircraft operating in that region.
   
4. Possible reKises of tedtin, devi ces in vic ity sent aloft by Cred-
or nco, t,hy, Air Fore, i.,ni, Power itilts, Research er nizations,
or any other agency check with hea est City AFB Field to review evidence
of releases of testin: devi ces or weather balloons.
     
5. If ob'ect contacted eart , obtain soil samples within and without de-
pression on spot wher ob'ect landed (and then presumably departed)
for purposes of tedin, comterison of soils. 

6. If ob'ect came sufficiently near other aircraft or known objects 
check surfaces with Geiger counters for possible radioactivity. Make
comparisons with other unaffected aircraft ob'ects, etc. 

7. Obtain hotographs (or original ne atives) where availa le. If not,
secure s 'etches of:

  a. Object

  b. Surrounding terrain where observed. All surroundins terrain is
     low rolling round with exception of one small rour of hills rising
     abruptly 600 feet a'ove ground South of Michell. 

  c. Place where it contacte earth (if this happened).

  d. Maneuvers.

  e. Formation if more than one object.

  f. Secure signed statement, if possible.

8. Obtain fragments or physical evidence where possible.

9. In any radio antenna to be observed, i... (any pro 'ections or
   extremities that mi ht be ersumiably be construed as such). Non[Noted]

WILLIAM R. COSTING
Special Agent, OSI

(See ACSI Letter no. 05, 12Nov43)

5

UNCL[...]
```

Due to the quality of the image, some text is illegible or partially obscured. The document appears to be an instruction list regarding the investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs), including checking local flight schedules, testing for radioactivity, securing photographs or sketches, and obtaining fragments or physical evidence. The document's origin is cited as "Special Agent, OSI," referring to the Office of Special Investigations, and is connected to "ACSI Letter no. 05, 12Nov43." The bottom of the page indicates that the document is unclassified, with the word "UNCLASSIFIED" partially visible.