The image does not contain a photograph; it is a page from a document.

I will now act as an OCR system and output the text from the document:

```
AFD-47-2
DETAILS (Cont'd)

is quite definite that he had heard only one explosion. No objects were observed
in the air after the explosion.

14. On 6 April 1949, ------, Modern Cleaners, Brigham City, Utah was
interviewed and stated that he was near Portage, Utah head West when he observed
a large ball of fire in the sky in a southwesterly direction from Portage. He
said there was a large red glow for about half a second followed by a trail of smoke
or vapor, then fire again and finally a trail of smoke. The object, according to
COLTS, was descending very rapidly at approximately a 45 degree angle towards the
west and resembled a tracer bullet with the exception that it was much larger.
POINTS placed the time of his observation at a few minutes before 1000 hours MST.
AT OGDEN, UTAH
15. On 6 April 1949, ------, Chief Deputy Sheriff, Weber County, Ogden,
Utah was interviewed and stated that he began getting reports of an object and
explosions at 1000 hours MST. The reports came in from Warren, Utah and the Second
Street area in Ogden, and indicated the explosions to be over Ogden River
near the village of Taylor, Utah.

16. On 6 April 1949, ------, Guard, Second Street Quartermaster
Depot, U.S. Army, Ogden,  Utah was interviewed and stated he heard an explosion
and looked up to observe a puff of smoke and saw something to expand. A second
or two later, according to ------, there was another explosion approximately
the same position as the first. In each case the smoke was bluish-white in puff
or bursts that expanded rapidly. The force of the explosions caused windows to
rattle in the vicinity. ------ stated definitely that he thought what he had
seen and heard was anti aircraft fire from perhaps a 90 MM or 105 MM gun. He
placed the time of his observation as 0945 hours MST and the direction of the
bursts as west and slightly north from his position at the Second Street entrance
to the Depot. No debris was seen by ------ following either explosion.

AT HARRIS, UTAH (NR OGDEN, UTAH)

17. On 7 April 1949, ------, Route 2, Ogden, Utah was interviewed and
stated that he heard two loud explosions at about 1000 hours MST and looked up to
see two bursts of smoke quite high in the sky to the west of Warren. The bursts
of smoke, according to ------, were expanding rapidly and were followed by a dull
rumbling noise. No debris was seen by ------

AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

18. On 3 April 1949, ------, Assistant Airport Controller, CAA,
Municipal Airport, Salt Lake City, Utah was interviewed and stated he was on duty
in the Control Tower when he saw a very brilliant light at what he estimated to be
many miles high in the sky. He described the light as having tremendous brilliancy
and travelling at a very high rate of speed at an angle toward the horizon of
---------------------------------------------------------------------
UNCLASSIFIED
-5-
```