The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the transcription of the text present in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

"Such is rocket research today that only a few fast, high flying 
planes in the next war will be able to get through to their target."

"No German scientists are today doing rocket research at White 
Sands Proving Ground.

"We were told that they are working on a secret project at an Air
Force Base near El Paso.

"White Sands Proving Ground base is 50 miles north of El Paso. The
testing is done in a 30-by-200-mile area between the Organ Mountains 
and the Sacramanto Mountains.

"The Navy has requested that we newsmen who visited the base last
week not release the story of what we saw there until Sept. 6."

16. AUSTIN CONOVER, reporter, Hollywood Citizen-News, was questioned
at the newspaper offices and he, like MILLS, tried to be evasive and cagey.
However, he did admit that the information in the first four paragraphs of
his article indicating that "flying disks" or "flying saucers" had been 
sighted by rocket experts at WSPG; that an object had been recently seen;
and that two reports had previously been turned in by the same party, had 
been furnished to him by the Commanding Officer of the Navy Office at WSPG.
CONOVER claimed he did not recall the officer's name and when the name CURRY
was suggested to him it slid that he believed that that was the name of the 
Commanding Officer. It is observed that the source of other quotes in the
article are unnamed therein.

17. An editorial was also located which was written by AUSTIN CONOVER
and appeared in the Hollywood Citizen-News on Monday, 5 September 1949. This
editorial is being forwarded to DO #47 with copies of this report and the 
pertinent part of the editorial is quoted below:

EDITORIALS CITIZEN-NEWS
Monday, September 5, 1949 HOLLYWOOD

"HOME GOES THE WORLD BY AUSTIN CONOVER

"INDIGNATION OR MARTIANS

"When scientists and military observers report that they, too, have
seen flying saucers in the sky, it's thought-provoking.

"It's expected the reply, 'Bunk, there are no such things as flying
saucers,' when I asked about them at the government's big rocket-testing
base at White Sands, N.M., a fortnight ago.

"Much to my surprise, men whose business is upper air research made
no such off-hand response. Two said that they have seen flying saucers.
one top military officer stated that a party of visiting scientists

3 UNCLASSIFIED
```