There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
Engineering Division.
Memorandum Report No. F-TR-2274-IA
28 April 1949
and were frequently seen for less than a minute.

First of all, it is obvious that it would usually be impossible for
observers to make reliable estimates of the speed, distance, or size
of such stimulus objects. It is not possible to estimate accurately
the distance of small bright objects viewed against a clear sky,
unless the object is identified first. If you know beforehand that an
object is a weather balloon, an F-80, or a dirigible you can estimate
its speed and distance with some degree of accuracy. In such situations
distance is judged on the basis of known size, and speed on the basis
of an estimate of distance plus the angular change in position. It
must be concluded, therefore, that most of the statements of speed,
distance, altitude and size are entirely unreliable and should be
disregarded. This is doubly true of observations made at night. The
objects seen may actually have been at very great distances, or they
may have been relatively close by. In the latter case, of course, they
could also have been quite small.

Secondly, it is probable that individuals who saw objects in
daylight were in many cases observing either the reflection of the sun
on a shiny surface or else looking directly at a light source of high
intensity. Aircraft themselves, when viewed against a clear sky, are
seen as dark objects against a lighter background unless they are
reflecting the sun's rays directly. This fact was recognised during
the recent war by camouflage experts who placed bright lights on the
leading edges of the wings of aircraft on anti-submarine patrol
in order to conceal them from the eyes of submarining lookouts. If
observers, during daylight hours, were actually seeing lights, or
reflections of the sun, this would account in large measure for their
inability to identify the objects. On the other hand, if they were
actually seeing enemy missiles, for example, the majority of reports
                                                            UNCLASSIFIED
```