The image does not contain any photographs. It's a text document; I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and provide the text output from the document:

```
3 November 1952
Box 9586
Hq 1125th FAG (ATIC)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Mr. Homer T. Gittings, Jr.
15378 Ll Street
Los Alamos, New Mexico

Dear Mr. Gittings:

When Col Bower and I were at Los Alamos on 23 Oct giving the
briefing on unidentified aerial phenomena, we discussed the cor-
relation between sightings of UAP and the detection of certain
types of radiation. At that time, we unfortunately didn't get too
many details down on paper as we were too busy talking. Upon re-
turning to Dayton, we discussed this correlation with several
people and fortunately a great deal of interest has been aroused.
I was wondering if it would be possible for you to collect all of
the details you can on two recent high visual sightings and the
radiation detection on both the incidents at Palomar and at Los
Alamos. We are now attempting to run down your reports to the
Los Alamos security people and the Navy reports at Palomar. We
may not be able to find them, however, and would like to have what
you can dig up.

The following are some of the details we would like to have
on each incident, if you can get them:

1. Description of visual sighting including shapes,
apparent speed (fast, hovering, etc.), time of day sighted,
dates, etc.

2. Description of type of radiation detected if it is
known, how time this radiation was detected correlates with the
visual sightings, type of equipment used, etc.

3. Persons who made visual observations and instrument
readings, and a little bit about their experience or background.
We would like to have their names if they don't mind we'll be
sure that they don't get out. This information is necessary so we
can show that the persons making the observations were experienced
in their fields. I believe some instrument readings were correlated
with newspaper reports. In these cases forget about the observer,
but if you can remember which newspaper the visual sighting came
from, we can check back on the source.

4. Any comments you might have as to conclusions reached,
checks made on the possible origin of the radiation, etc.

5. Any additional information you may have or can think
of that might be of interest.
```