There are no photographs present in this image; it is a text document.

Here is the OCR output of the text in the document:

```
AF FORM 112—PART II
APPROVED JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

(Project No. 42-0)
307th Bombardment Wing Medium

"CLASSIFIED"

FLIGHT NO. E-49
DATE 2 OF 3 PAGES

(Article From Tampa Morning Tribune, Tampa, Florida, 6 June 1949)

DISK-LIKE FALLING FLASH SEARS SKY OVER STATE

A fiery object, believed by some authorities to be a meteor, was sighted
tonight high in the sky over Florida.

The object was observed over an area roughly 800 miles long, from Key West
to St. Simon's Island, Ga.

MacDill Field said it was out of the range of present aircraft and apparently
was a meteor. Watchers reported it trailed a long, luminous tail and disappeared
over the horizon in the vicinity of Cedar Keys, north of Tampa.

It also was seen at Miami, Orlando, Daytona Beach, Jacksonville and
Fernandina. Pilots of a twin-motor Piper Cola, south of
Donald Trivett and E. L. Talston, on duty at the Navy master Field at Miami,
said it was "a ball of fire."

"It was fairly low and I saw it with the glasses," Ralston said. "It was
traveling in a straight line and went behind a bank of clouds in the northwest.
"The trail was a sort of 'Z' shape. It looked like white smoke and spread,
but did not dissipate. We saw it for about 25 minutes."

Ralston said it was too large to be a guided missile, as some theorized,
and added he was positive it was a meteor.

..." said it was "a large, narrow somewhat on duty at the Miami Weather
Bureau. Davis and Por ... trail and a forecaster smaller than a full moon."

also that description tallied with the one given by Talston. Davis and 
believed it was a meteor and said the trail indicated heat: "It
It let up the sky to the northwest and fell vertically, leaving a lurlling,
weaving trail," they said.

The phenomenon resulted in hundreds of queries to weather stations, police
and newspapers throughout the stale.

The fiery object was seen plainly in Tampa shortly before 8 o'clock,
from the downtown section appeared to hover over Drew Field.

At Drew Field, however, it was reported farther northwest, over Dunedin. But
at Duedin it was seen about 10 miles out over the Gulf.

Observers here first took the sight to be a falling plane, particularly since
it let out a trail of white smoke like that of a sky writer which hung in the sky
past darkness.

Trail Stays

In Tampa there was a flash just after the sun had dipped below the horizon, then
the trail that appeared to be vertical but soon flattened out to be a horizontal
line, seeming about 25 to 30 feet long to the eye from the ground.

Then the silwrbroad of the Tribune was syn.

Clearwater was experiencing the same wonderment. So was St. Petersburg,
Fort Myers, Wildwood, Ocala, Brunswick, Ga., Ocala, and other cities.

The Tampa Weather Bureau said the object appeared to be a meteor, but observers
here could not account for a gaseous or vapor trail. MacDill Air Force Base
observers said the phenomenon apparently was in the area of Cedar Keys, and
sighted at such distance that the "trail" was 50 or 60 miles long.

The Coast Guard at St. Petersburg put up two airplanes, but diverted them
shortly afterwards to investigate reports of a ship in distress eight miles west
of Big Pass.

Residents at Fort lyers said the object was sighted in the sky northwest
that city and Daytona Beach said "a cloud of smoke" or something in the sky, looked
like the figure '2' for a few minutes after a flash." DISCARDED A (3) KW.10 'x....

"this document was information affecting the national defense of the united states within the meaning of the espionage act, u.s.c.
38 and 794, as amended. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.
It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than united states air force agencies, except by permission of the director of
Intelligence, usaf.

[Visible portion of the stamp at the end of the document reads]
18 MAR 198-
```
Please note that some parts of the text are cut off or illegible due to the quality of the scan.