The document image provided does not contain any photographs.

---

**Text from the document:**

4. Electrical Effects-
"Ball lightning" will certainly be accompanied by radio static in some form. Electrical shock to persons is possible when the phenomenon stems from streak lightning. Disruptive mechanical effects on non-conductors especially if containing moisture, or crushing effects on hollow conducting tubes may occur in cases where actual steep wave-front, lightning currents pass through the objects.

5. Optical Appearances
Some of the cases of "ball lightning" observed have displayed exorescences of the appearance of little flames, emanating from the main body of the luminous mass, or luminous streamers have developed from it and propagated slant-wise toward the ground. In rare instances, it has been reported that the luminous body may break up into a number of smaller balls which may appear to follow towards the earth like a rain of sparks. It has often been reported that the ball has suddenly ejected a whole bundle of many luminous, radiating streamers toward the earth, and then disappeared.

Jensan1 has quoted the following report of electrical discharges appear:in, in a violent storm, "A tornado which occurred on the evening of July 9, 1952, near Rock Rapids, Iowa, gave evidence of a closely related type of luminous display according to the report of Mr. George Ravellings, U. S. Weather Bureau observer. From the sides of the boiling, thrust-down cloud a fiery stream poured like water through a sieve, breaking into spheres of irregular shape as they descended. No streak lightning of the usual type was observed and no noise attended the fire-balls other than the usual roar of the storm."

(d) Possible Objects to Which Attracted
Lightning strokes are more likely to hit at or near the top of high, pointed objects, than on the surfaces of low objects with flat or concave exteriors. If the tips of the high objects are grounded via conductors such as wires or metal pipes, they will tend to show a higher frequency to strikes than ungrounded objects. This is especially true if, in the former case, the.

1. Jensen, J. C., Physics, vol. 4, p. 374 (1933).