There is no photograph present in this image.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

---

-3-

II. Appearance

(a) Forms

Spherical, roughly globular, egg-shaped, or pear-shaped; many times with projecting streamers or flame-like ir-
regular "masses of light." Appearance of outer boundary is generally hazy or ill-defined. Photographs of the
phenomenon may show one or several sinuous, tubular prop-
agation paths (trajectories taken by luminous darts), which may have associated with them broader luminous spaces of
irregular configuration. (These latter spaces probably are regions where the sinusities of paths became involved
and tortuous or areas of major discharge where darts originated or terminated). Some paths show a beaded struc-
ture (alternate luminous and dark spaces).

(b) Color

Luminous in appearance, described in individual cases by different colors but mostly reported as deep red and often as flaring white. One scientist described the color in a
certain case as similar to that he has noted in the labo-
ratory on observing active nitrogen, or possibly slightly
darker. Another observed one of yellow and still another
of lavender or rose color. Others have reported some of
blue appearance. The luminous mass is occasionally stated to be surrounded by a border, weakly but differently-
colored than the main body.

(c) Degrees of Brilliance

Brilliance not glaring; white and incandescent. Mini-
mum brilliance equal to that of feeble St. Elmo's Fire.

(d) Movement through Space

1. Possible directions.

Generally downward, inclined or horizontal, in straight, curved, or tortuous paths. Mostly observed near the surface, but may originate in thunderclouds, and so take a trajectory from cloud to earth.

2. Maneuverability

May appear stationary, or moving. Range of speed is zero to values of the order of 10^7 cm./sec. In the

--- 

Please note the text has been transcribed as is, including any grammatical or typographical errors present in the original document.