There are no photographs present in the image you have provided. Here's the text from the document as requested:

```plaintext
Page 2 Incident: -250-D----

Name and date of observart:
                                553rd Base Service Sqd.
                Orlando, Air Force Base, Orlando Florida

                                 Air Policeman

Comments & Interrogation relative to Intelligence and character of
observer(s):
              Illegible text is a good soldier and enjoys good reputation.


             On 21 Feb 49
Base Service Sqd., at Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando Florida, was interviewed.
Illegible text stated that he was Tower Guard at the Stockade, Orlando AFB, Orlando Fla.
on the morning of 31 Jan 49 and that at approximately 0150 hours the Sergeant
of the Guard Illegible text called his attention to an object in the sky. Illegible text was 
standing on the ground near the front gate of the stockade which is located just
north of Bldg. T-2710, Orlando AFB, when he saw an object in the sky the approx.
size of an automobile wheel. This object was round, and green in color with
deeper shades of green toward its center. It appeared to be about 20° above
the horizon and first appeared at a position about 300° from Illegible text, over a
point approximately 500 feet from where he was standing. This object was in
Illegible text sight for approximately 30 seconds and was headed in a Southerly direction
at about the speed of an aircraft in flight. There was no sound, odor or
projections to the object and it left no trail behind it. Illegible text stated that
it looked like a glass with a light behind it, and the color appeared to be
phosphorescent. The flight path of this object was level at first and then it
started a gradual climb until it disappeared. Illegible text was the color and in the
size of stars. When it was being observed, the light in the object appeared to
go out like a light turned off. During the period of observation, Illegible text stated
that there was no moon, the stars were out and the weather clear with good
visibility. Illegible text stated that he did have some glares from the flood-
lights of the stockades nearby, Illegible text did not wear glasses, is not color-
blinded and viewed the object through clear air.
``` 

(Text that could not be distinguished due to the quality of the document or censorship has been replaced with "Illegible text")