The image displayed does not contain any photographs, it is a scanned page from a document. Here is the text contained in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
Page 2                           Incident No. __236__
Guide to Investigation

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistance, etc.)
    None detected.

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other – degree of
    brilliance):
    Appeared to be luminous white and extremely brilliant in pure whiteness.

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, canopies, etc.):

    None detected.

20. Manuevers (turns, climbs, dives, etc – sketch of flight path):
    Rhythmical undulation exec.ting dafinite manuevers completing cycle approx.
    every second.

21. Manner of disappearance:
    Departed climbing at accelerated speed out of sight - visible to approx. 50
    miles. 

22. Effect on clouds:
    None.

23. Additional information concerning object:
    Object seemed to maneuver under control at all times - completing 360 degree
    turns and 90 degree turns.

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting:
    Scattered clouds. Base 3,500 feet. Visibility 20 miles +; light excellent.

Name and address of observer: [REDACTED]
    APO 953, c/o PM, San Francisco, Calif.                Hq 1610th AACS Group.

Occupation and hobbies:
    Occupation: Air Force pilot (Twin Engine), (3500 hrs) and Communications
                Officer.
    Hobbies: Amateur radio; photography.

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer
(Include neighbors, police dept., FBI records, employer, etc.):
    Observer is a regular Air Force officer who holds a cryptographic clearance.
    Observer is above average in intelligence and is known to be extremely trust-
    worthy, mentally alert, morally above average and is of unquestionable integri-
    ty. Interrogator has known observer for two years; has been closely associated
    with him both officially and socially.

   Did observer wear glasses, especially telescopic glasses - at time of sighting?
   or was object viewed through: window, window on other transparent material?
   No glasses were worn; object was viewed from outside of building in an open
   clearing.
                                                         UNCLASSIFIED
```