There are no photographs visible on the document page displayed in the image.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text from the document:

---
Ltr, ERH, to CG, AIC, Subj: Analysis of Proj. "Grudge" Reported Incidents

"One flying saucer, two flying saucers, three flying saucers" --etc.. At normal speaking speed. On the other hand it is not easy to count seconds and at the same time make all the other desirable observations. It must be remembered that when a person is excited his estimates of time are apt to be rather inaccurate.

d. Estimating of the elevation angle of the object. Almost all persons WILL overestimate elevation angles. This tendency can be reduced by the observer extending one arm vertically and the other horizontally to observe a 90° angle. The vertical arm can then be lowered to point to the observed object -- in this way the observed angle can be compared with a 90° angle and a more accurate estimate obtained.

6. It is realised that it might not be possible for an observer to perform the operations suggested in the preceding paragraph during the period the object is sighted. If he would immediately reconsider what he saw and then estimate such measurements, he should be able to give quantitative answers accurate to at least 25°. In interrogations observers, they should also be asked to recount structural observations and then estimate these and so forth. It is suggested that instructions for making such quick estimated observations be given to weather observers, control tower operators, civil police, forest and fire rangers, and other such people who might have good chances of seeing unidentified flying objects. If any information concerning unidentified flying objects is given to the public, instructions for reliable observation should be included.

7. This organization will be pleased to be of any further assistance required in connection with this matter.

FOR THE COHANDING OFFICER:

3 Incis:
1. List of balloons launched (in trip)
2. 8 x 10" photo print of plastic balloon
3. 4 x 5" photo print of plastic balloon 

/s/ A. C. Trakowski, Jr.
A. C. TRAKOWSKI, JR.
Captain, USAF
Director, Base Directorate for Geophysical Research

4