The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scanned page of a document.

Here is the text from the document:

UNCENSORED
ROLFE - 24-78

...roling the cloud at a terrific rate of speed. These ob-
jects would appear for about two-second intervals and dis-
appear from sight; For a period of out to two seconds.
my attention became riveted to this spot in the sky and I 
observed this section of these objects for the next two hours,
or until approximately 6:30 P.M. After observing this ufo-
jects for a period of about fifteen minutes, during which
time I was able to ascertain that there were approximately
15 to 20 "wish-shaped objects flying (or moving) in circular 
formation in and out of the cloud, I summoned my wife from
inside the house and pointed out the objects to her. She 
was able to see exactly the same thing that I had been wit-
nessing. Within a few minutes almost all of the persons 
living in Wilmont Court had gathered around my front door-
step, and we spent the next two hours observing and discus-
ing what we were witnessing. After observing the objects for
approximately thirty minutes, I realized that I was observing
something of a phenomena and telephoned the Baltimore "News
Post" and requested that they send a reporter out to witness
the flight of the unidentified objects. The "News Post" was
rather skeptical about the whole thing, and informed me that
they would call the airport and see if there were anything
in the... (text cut off)
...in the sky. They also told me that they would call me back to 
They indicated I should call the "News Post" TV rad station,
sidered the $25.00 reward normally offered by this newspaper 
for the scoop of a news story, and this fact was not brought
to my attention until sometime later by one of the neighbors.
Fifteen or twenty minutes later, I called the newspaper back,
and asked them what they had found out. The individual in-
formed me that he had called the tower at the Baltimore Munici-
pal Airport and they reported no activity at that point. The
reporter stated that he might drop by Wilmont Court, but he
never came out. I had a pair of field glasses, but was unable 
to bring the objects into focus due to the rapidity of their 
motions. All the neighbors in the crowd watching the objects
were able to see them, and to the best of my knowledge all of 
these person agreed that it could not possibly be a flight 
of birds, a conventional type of airplane or airplanes, or
any of the various advertising schemes employed in the Balti-
more area. The best description that I can give of the ob-
jects is that they resembled a boomerang which had been pulled 
out. Actually, they were an open angular, with the vertex
angle approximately 70°; the legs of the angle had some thick-
ness, but was no evidence of engines, fuselages, compartments,
landing gear or other conventional aircraft construction.
Upon first observing the objects, they were circulating at a
rapid rate of speed around the cloud. Within a few minutes,
the tactics of the formation was changed, and a darting motion 
in and out of the cloud appeared. The objects first appeared 

UNCLASSIFIED

-7-