The image provided appears to be a scanned copy of an old textual document. There are no photographs present in this image, just typed text and several official stamps or markings.

Here is the text contained in the document:

File #24-9

at arm's length. It appeared to be light cream in color, becoming brighter or darker as it's movement caused reflection of light from the sun. It's movement was very slow, heading in a Southwestwardly direction with a slight fluttering action. It maintained a steady altitude estimated at 10,000 feet above the terrain. There was no audible sound nor visible exhaust trail. It was first viewed at a position of eleven o'clock clockwise from North, and stayed in view until the eight o'clock position was reached, at which time his view of the object was cut off by some tall trees in the immediate vicinity. The object maintained a steady height of approximately 700 above the horizon. The geographical coordinates in regard to his location at the time of sighting are 44° 3' 33" North latitude and 121° 13' 10" West longitude.

5. [REDACTED], Bend, Oregon, were interviewed at their places of business and stated in substance as follows: At 1115 hours on 24 March 1949 their attention was attracted to the street outside their shop by several people looking up into the sky. They stepped outside and also looked up and noticed an object which appeared to them to be tinfoil. It was only visible to them when it reflected light from the sun as a object did not appear to be motivated by any visible force, but seemed to be drifting with the air currents. Only one object was sighted, and it was passed off as a piece of paper born aloft by the wind and air currents. No particular attention was given to the size or shape of the object because no importance was attached to it.

6. [REDACTED], Bend, Oregon, was interviewed and advised that he was greatly incensed at the appearance of the article regarding the "flying saucers". It was learned that the writer of the article, who was [REDACTED] was a young man just out of [REDACTED] and did not see the object, but learned of them from bystanders who had seen them. According to [REDACTED] who showed extreme interest in the objects, the bystanders expanded on the movements of the objects, and their story was further expanded upon by [REDACTED] who stated that he sharply criticized [REDACTED] for resorting to "sensationalism" with the end result that [REDACTED] is no longer in their employ and is now working for the [REDACTED], a weekly newspaper published in [REDACTED], Oregon.

Bend Municipal Airport, Bend, Oregon, was contacted and advised that none of the planes based at the Bend Municipal Airport were in the air on 24 March 1949.

UNCLASSIFIED