The image does not contain photographs. It is a scanned page of a document with only text. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

The Two Tonopah Rectangles

A remarkable phenomenon observed in New Mexico in the summer of 1949 has remained among the most puzzling of the Un-Knows. As in the Chesapeake Bay case, the facts are not in dispute. The witness was an astronomer, Clyde Tombaugh, at that time in charge of the optical instrumentation of the rocket-flight program at the White Sands Missile Range. He had thousands of hours of experience in observing the night sky and was still astonished, he had gained fame after months of patient searching off a photograph/plates, by locating the image of the planet Pluto near the position long predicted for it by Lowell and Pickering.
On the night of August 20 Tombaugh was sitting with his wife and his mother-in-law in the yard of his home in Las Cruces, watching the stars. There was no moon, and the transparency of the sky was extraordinary, so that even the stars of 6th magnitude, usually barely detectable by the naked eye, were clearly visible. About 10:45 P.M. a geometrically spaced group of six to eight rectangules of light appeared almost directly overhead. Of luminousity. They were "windowlike" in appearance and yellowish-green in color. The individual rectangles were quite small, each lower than four or five degrees of arc, and the entire group covered a span of about 15 minutes (about twice that of the full moon). As they moved reverently in a vertical circle path toward the southeast, the individual rectangles became foreshortened, the span of the group became smaller, the lights aventulaly faded and faded in view some 3 to 40 degrees above the horizon. The full viewing was for about three seconds. Mrs. Tombaugh, who did not have the luxury only they had moved some distance from their chairs. The rectangles until about about 1½ seconds after Tombaugh realized and told her seemed a diffuse greenish glow, intervening a span of through spots of light. For every that that always has been active than that for the husband, line in vistman that the difference in their descriptions is thus different and articulated.
Although Tonopah had been wanted to travel with the smaller rectangles or to note some other features of the craft abound later, he immediately recorded the facts of his experience. He sketched the pattern of the formation, and noted his impression that the lights had been part of a rigid structure. He added, "I have these thousands of hours of night sky watching, was never saw a night rare strange as this." A report of this statement that forwarded to Air Force officials, who could find no explanation. UFO enthusiasts subsequently announced the phenomenon a true flying saucer—an interpretation that the witness himself never made.
The account given to the plausible untruthful snifter from various distortions of fact. Int in Casanave-like warning of possible visitors from other planets, Life Magazine referenced the Tonopah sighting as one of the key cases and in an ten-side the documentation mandad to include at least six misstatements, some of which added to the "uncanny" nature of the incident. According to this summary (1) the year was 1949 (it was 1949); He the time was about 11:00 P.M. (it was 10:45 P.M.); the lights were traveling south to north (they were moving northwest to southeast); the object had an oval shape (Tombaugh did not specify a shape); the lights exhibited a glare (they were of lower luminosity); their speed was too fast for a plane, too slow for a meteor (no estimate of speed was given). On a nationwide TV show broadcast in 1955 the director of NICAP stated specifically that Tombaugh had observed a cigar-shaped object with lighted portholes [1a]. An "artist's conception" of the UFO in one publication [3b] depicts a long, tapered ship with a line of lighted windows, wholly unrelated to Tombaugh's own sketch, which shows no unifying structure, merely small rectangles arranged as though each one were at the corner of a hexagon (see Figure 4S).

[The bottom right corner of the document has a handwritten note that says "Lower left hand corner of page cut off on original."]

Please note that there might be some errors in transcription due to the quality of the text in the image.