There are no photographs present in the document provided.

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
STATEMENT

Davis-Monthan AFB
Tucson, Arizona
23 May 1949

On 16 May 1949, at approximately 1700 hours, I was at my barracks, Bldg 1531, Davis-Monthan AFB, Tucson, Arizona. I was lying on a bed looking east through one of the windows on the west side of the building, when I noticed a solid, round, flat black object in the sky which attracted my attention. The object was about the size of a wash tub, and it appeared to be about three to four feet in diameter. The object flew directly over Davis-Monthan AFB and it appeared to be traveling directly from east to west, almost directly in the direction of the sunset. 
Being that it was a cloudy afternoon, I can say that the object that I just described was flying about halfway between the ground and the ceiling of the clouds, which is about 5,000 feet above the surface of the earth. This object was traveling at a speed which I estimate to be about from 800 to 1,000 m.p.h.

I looked at the object for approximately eight to ten seconds before it disappeared from my view behind an aircraft hangar curtain, which is located about three blocks directly west of my barracks. This hangar is building, 1540.

The object maintained approximately the same altitude during the entire period of sighting and it appeared to be fluttering as it disappeared from my view. This object also seemed to be traveling in a predetermined direction. There was absolutely no exhaust in sight or surrounding the object and I never heard any sounds during the time the object was in my sight. This object never came in contact with the clouds which were in the area at the time, and I never noticed any rotation or lights on the object. There were no attachments to the object but it appeared to know where it was going during the entire time it was in my sight.

When I first saw the object, I called it to the attention of some of the men in the barracks but none of them arrived at the window in time to see the object.

It is my belief that the object which I saw on 16 May 1949, is one of the objects which are commonly referred to as "flying saucers".

At the present I am an automobile mechanic (MOS 014) and I work at the Preventive Line Maintenance Shop at Davis-Monthan AFB. I have been interested in any objects pertaining to mechanics for the last three years. I never have seen anything similar to the object which I described above. I am not color-blind, and I have always been able to distinguish one object from another.

WITNESSES
[Two signatures redacted]
Special Agent, OSI, USAF
Special Agent, OSI, USAF

[Redacted name and title]
Pfc, 
43rd Motor Vehicle Sq
43rd Bomb wing

UNCLASSIFIED

[Document ID redacted]