The image does not contain a photograph. It contains a typed document. As requested, here is the text output from the document:

---
-4-

latter, extreme case, the luminous darts observed are 
probably of the same general nature as the lightning
streamer, although the paths taken may be very irregular,
and even show reversals in direction. In some
cases, long sections of paths of such luminous darts
may show slight curvature. Near the ground or in
closed spaces a much smaller speed is often said to
be observed, mostly about 1 - 2 meters/sec. The "ball
of fire" may seem to move or float along in a room, or
to roll along the floor. In a thunderstorm, as may be
experienced on a mountain top, an observer has reported
seeing balls of fire roll along the rocks and disappear
from one to another.* Intense St. Elmo's Fire on ship
objects beneath thunderstorms may fluctuate rapidly in
size, intensity, and orientation, or show displacements
from one point to another, hence the flare may appear to
whirl and dance, or move. When a lightning flashover at
a point produces an after-image, or the observer's retina,
movements of the eyes cause corresponding movements of
the image which the untrained observer attributes to
movement of a luminous "ball of fire" or flares. Ball
lightning observed by Jenson1 during the course of a lightning
flash through dust-laden air in the wake of a thunderstorm
"appeared as a shapeless mass of lavender color which
seemed to float slowly downward." Jenson states; "The
rose-colored mass seemed a brilliant near the ground
and gave the impression of most gigantic pyrotechnic display.
Two or three of the globular structures seemed
to roll along a pair of 230 volt power lines for 100
feet or more, then bounded down on the ground and disappeared
with a loud report."

When a lightning streamer from a thundercloud terminates
in the air, the leader stroke is sometimes so faintly
luminous in portions that only a segment of the path is
observed. This may conceivably give the impression of
elongated "ball lightning," but is a natural cloud-air
lightning stroke.

3. Nearby Air or other Craft
-----------------------------
There have been numerous cases of aircraft struck by
lightning. When the aircraft is all-metallic, it serves
as a Faraday cage, and provides electrical protection

1. Jenson, J. C. Physics, vol. 4, p. 372 (1933).

---