There are no photographs in this image. Here is the text as an OCR output:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
STATE OF (BLANK)      )
                         ss
COUNTY OF (BLANK)      )

Personally appeared before me, the undersigned, authorized to administer oaths in cases of this nature, Major (BLANK) (BLANK) passenger and "deadheaders" stewardess, for the purpose and upon the case, as follows, to-wit: A sworn statement of his/white to wit: that Article of war and upon being sworn according to law, deposes and says;

"On 4 December 1949 at approximately 1635 hours while on a flight from Carswell Air Force Base, Fort Worth, Texas, to Kirtland Air Force Base, Albuquerque, Assiss[T]ippi, in a C-47 type aircraft, I observed a spherical type object, proceeding at our level from about one o'clock. The object was approaching at a terrific rate of speed and appeared to be approximately 20 to 25 miles away. At first observation, I believed that it was a remotely controlled aircraft and made an effort to warn one of the auto-pilots when the spherical object came to an abrupt halt and changed to a course of 90° westerly route. At a terrific rate of speed and a northerly direction across our route. It seemed to accelerate in an incredible rate as stipulating it was noticed that the object appeared to gain altitude and absolutely it was absolutely stationary. Our position at the time was approximately 10 to 15 miles north of Las Alamos Contamination resort and location on a heading of 120° degree. My co-pilot was watching the timekeeper and I can't recall the co-pilot's reaction to my insisting that the object was extraordinary. I called the crew chief from the rear compartment to observe and he gave it as a "I can't believe it." I observed the object for approximately two minutes the time I called the crew chief. At the rear compartment to observe, to come up to the pilot's compartment. I observed the object in the same manner as the co-pilot and myself. It is judical that the object was observed by the co-pilot and myself for approximately four minutes. The spherical type object was last seen on a northwesterly heading at white. It is also appeared as suddenly as it replaced. I tried to reconcile the phenomenon by believing that it was a reflection from another aircraft due to the hazy conditions and the position of the late afternoon sun; however, I have never observed any was aircraft perform in such an unorthogdox manner."

Further deponent sayeth not.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this the 5 day of December, 1949, at Walker Air Force Reserve, (BLANK), County (BLANK).
Paul S. (BLANK)
FAJ 3 5756
Cyertield, USA
Stewart, Court
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIED
```