The image provided is a scanned document page, and there are no photographs present. The document appears to be a textual report, and here is the text transcribed from the document:

-11-

(h) Methods of Terminal Dissipation

As a rule so-called "ball lightning" of the variety which we
judge to be intense brush discharge dissipates when the poten-
tial gradient diminishes to a value below the critical one for
maintenance of the discharge. This generally occurs following
lightning strokes which largely discharge the heavy concentra-
tions of electric charges of opposite sign in the overlying
thundercloud.

"Ball lightning" which appears to form at sharp-pointed objects
as a lightning stroke approaches disappears when (a) the main 
lightning current ceases following just after contact of the stroke
or (b) the space charge around the lightning channel is largely 
collected into the channel and transported to earth or cloud.

"Ball lightning" which appears to be a luminous dart like a
meteorite rapidly falling (or rising) along the path of an
immediately preceding or succeeding lightning stroke disappears
into the earth (or cloud).

"Ball lightning" in the form of a luminous ball apparently moving
through a space or rolling along the ground dissipates eventually,
perhaps on making contact with some object. Some observers have
stated that the ball collapses with a noise resembling that of a 
big firecracker, leaving an odor of ozone. It seems probable
that in these cases also the dissipation takes place when the
potential gradient has diminished below the critical value for
maintenance of the discharge, simultaneously with the occurrence 
of a genuine lightning stroke to the area involved.

As indicated previously, reports have also been given that the
main body of the "ball lightning" has appeared to have broken up
into a number of smaller "balls" which have fallen to earth, or
to have emitted small streaks, like lightning, projected towards
the earth, and thus dissipated.

A sound of thunder, of greater or lesser intensity, may accom-
pany the dissipation. It is not possible to be certain that the
sound is always intricately connected with the phenomenon, for it
may have been the thunder associated with a nearby lightning
stroke.