The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page of a document with typed and handwritten text. Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

---
Van Wert,  O., R.F.D. #4.
March 10th 1950.

Air Material Comand,
Wright Field,
Dayton, Ohio.

Gentlemen:-

I now there has be a lots of this kind of thing these
Flying Discs, Scooping Balls, etc. etc. since the war & lots more reported
the last summer, in fact on June 27-1949 there were ten (10) on the
Lincoln Highway, Route 30, East of Ft.Wayne, Ind. also before some
indications in the north there, indication I saw silver disc like (1) curving
off or below horizon easter, over luminous cloud, SW to NE covered, Lincoln
Highway before the swarm of 10 or same. At 1st it was the first & was a single
Station jet test bell or some sort let loose by Bendix Fitht in . . . . . . . vice or
Stout Field at Indianapolis but we watched it another until it disapeared
way off to the NE of us. It was much better for us to watch as we had
our field glasses along, and any silouetted dove away-silver even tho red comb
to a stop and both of us watched it, then the glasses, then back again. In the
distance no it wouldn't completely always disclose self as in big zoom in sky
looked thru the glasses to be a tall of I would say around 2 feet in diam-
eter but my husband said the biggest distance from us, it would compare to be perhaps 10 feet in diameter. This is morly guesses on our parte.

But the herd of flying saucers was the most fasinating
secene but I just had leese of Mrs. Lennon I got your address from I noted
better over the o summers tall. In shot I built you into my head a bit o'er
Rest over one o' the stones ear that I roll. Write you out did not.
Then the other evening we herd a brodecast 'bout Liuet. Col.David Shaefer
having seen what appeared to be a large silver bell and I decided to
write an tell you what we were seen.

A day or so after we herd seen this bell, our Tloedo Blade had
an articla in, I think the Saterday June 4th issue. (?) get our sunday
papers on Monday) that told about a man in Ontario having found a large
aluminum or bright- disc on his farm. You can get the issue
this article was in by writing the Toldeo Blade. I did not have it, that
I did but must have destroyed it by mistake, as I intended saving it.
It gave the man's name, location, etc. and all other details. It may have
been in Mondday's issue, but they will know.

I thot you might like to have our report on this.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature]

---
Please note that the original text contains some errors, inconsistencies, and unclear words, which have been transcribed as they are.