The image does not contain a photograph. It is a typewritten page from a document. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```plaintext
Page 2                                                  Incident _319______

Name and address of observor;                                                     
                                    Mr. -------- --------          
                                    c/o Lewiston Tribune                          
                                    Lewiston, Idaho
Occupation and hobbies;
                                    Newspaper reporter

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observor(s);
                                    Appeared above average intelligence and of good character



NARRATIVE SUMMARY: AT LEWISTON, IDAHO;

          On 11 June 49, ---------, Lewiston Tribune, Lewiston, Idaho,
was contacted and interviewed.  Stated that the exact time of his ob-
servation of the unidentified aerial objects was 15 May 49, approximately
between 1100 and 1115 hours, Mountain Time. The place of observation was
approximately ten miles East of Caldwell, Idaho, on U. S. Highway 20.  SMITH
stated that he was traveling by automobile, heading directly East toward
Boise, Idaho, when the objects were observed to his left in the vicinity of
Shafer Butte, as his traveling Salt Lake City-Wyoming, 45. The astronomical
as being 0󣉊 true and 026 1/2 magnetic North of Shafer Butte. Altitude of
Shafer Butte, as listed, is 7,582 feet and the distance from Highway 20 to
Shafer Butte is approximately 16 airline miles (see attached filed the phase of
observation as reported by telephonic report, page 1 supra).

          The auther stated that he was first attracted by a silvery object in
the Western sky over Shafer Butte and that this object disappeared and he
immediately appeared five other ob jobs flying in "V" formation. The objects
appeared to be in a slow spiral let-down, circling to the left. Each of the
objects appeared to be as large or larger than a B-29 aircraft. SMITH stated
that they were not small, but appeared to be larger, lumbering objects. The
ob jobs could be compared to the size of a silver dollar at a distance of
about ten miles.  The auther stated that the color of these ob jobs was
silver on top, described as being extremely brilliant and even bordering on 
a flash effect, and the bottom was black or very dull, as determined by the
fact that SMITH would almost lose sight of them when they turned in a posi-
tion showing only what he felt to be their undersides.  The auther 
ob jobs could not easily be recalled or described because of the description he would give was that they were the shape of a silver dollar cut in
half, or a half circle, with a tiny point in the center of the arc in the
front of the object.

          The auther stated that the altitude of the object sighted would be
very difficult to estimate, in that when working four dimensions one was
only guess at distances; that perhaps 12,000, 13,00 or 14,000 feet on the
altitude, with a let-down between 2,000 to 4,000 feet, as nearly as he
could estimate. He stated that the directio(s) of his observation was to his
left, in a West by Northwest direction, approximately 2:00 o'clock. When
```

The document appears to be a historical report of UFO sightings observed near Lewiston, Idaho, including descriptions of the unidentified aerial objects and the conditions under which they were seen.