There are no photographs present in the image provided.

As an OCR system, here is the text output from the image:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This investigation was initiated upon receipt of 
letter, 9th OSI District, Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana,
File 24-41, dated 9 December 1949.

AT BILOXI, MISSISSIPPI:

2. An unidentified aerial object was observed 18 November 1949,
at 1000 hours directly south of the Biloxi Veterans Hospital, Pass
Road, Biloxi, Mississippi, by ████████ Guard█████ and
Guard ██████ and ██████ according to informa-
tion received during interviews with aforementioned persons on 15
December 1949. Guard ████████ first sighted the object while on
duty at the Hospital █████ and notified his superior, Chief
Guard ██████ At this first appearance, the object was approximately
over Ship Island, which lies off the Biloxi coast about ten (10)
miles to the south. There was only one (1) object. At the distance
of ten (10) miles, the altitude of this object appeared to be between
2500 and 3000 feet. The object remained in sight for approximately
twenty-five (25) minutes. It was white and reflected the sunlight.
The shape was similar to a cigar. Nothing could be determined as
to the type of construction. ██████ Guard ██████ stated 
that, using similar type planes and aerial objects as a guide, 
the size of the object appeared to be approximately two hundred 
feet (200') in length and a proportionate diameter to that of a 
cigar of that size. The line of flight was from New Orleans, La.,
to Mobile, Alabama. It maintained a steady flight with no change 
of altitude while in the view of these observers. The was 
apparently no exhaust or any engine sound. The day was clear and 
no clouds were viewed near this object. Being daylight at the 
time the object was sighted, no lights of any type were observed 
in connection with the object. No wings or normal control surfaces 
were observed. The method or propulsion could not be determined 
as there was no sound of any power or any visible evidence of engine and 
exhaust. Control and stability was apparently excellent, however, 
the method of control could not be determined. The speed was 
approximately fifty (50) miles per hour and this object was 
passed from sight in its passage through the air. It finally 
came to rest on the sand after traversing the area from which 
the object was observed, the seas surrounding the area finally 
approximately twenty-five (25) minutes. 

3. Observers, ██████ Guard ██████ and Guards ████████ 
connected with the ██████████ are employed by the Biloxi Veterans 
Hospital, Pass Road, Biloxi, Mississippi. All of these men, in 
connection with their assigned duties, are trained to observe and 
report unusual incidents. The Executive Officer of the Veterans 
Hospital, ██████████ was interviewed regarding the 
reliability of these observers and stated that, in his opinion, 
they were entirely reliable personnel, that all had been employed

UNCLASSIFIED
```