The image provided does not contain any photographs; it is entirely textual. Here is the OCR output of the text on the document:

On July 8, 1949 between the hour of 6:30 and 7:00 A. M.
my wife and I were fishing from a rubber boat on the north end of
Shoshone Lake in Yellowstone Park, when I heard what sounded like
the whirr of ducks wings. I said to my wife listen, what is that sound,
on looking straight up over our heads, I should say 800 to 1000 feet,
there were eight objects appearing to be round and I would say about 20
feet in diameter, and very bright metal like bright aluminum, sailing
as I have sailed a lid from a can many times. They were not in formation
but reminded me of a flock of blackbirds in a group some above and some
below each other.

There was no smoke or exhaust of any kind, it was a beautiful
clear morning and the sun was shining bright. If there had been any
exhaust we would surely have seen it. They did not sail on a level
course but seemed to go up and down just like some of the smaller
birds fly when in a group. They were going very fast and if they had
not been directly over our heads we would never have heard or seen
them because we were watching the water. There was no sound of a motor.

When the disc shape objects were about over the center of the lake
one of them turned completely over sailing in among the rest of them
without coming in contact with the other objects.

They looked the same on both sides but I could not tell how thick
they were, but judging from the diameter they are large enough to have
one or more men aboard.

Many times when I was younger I have taken a flat round lid or
heavy cardboard and threw it to see what turns it would make. This
disc object turned completely over and sailed through the air as if
the air current had changed its course. Just before the dis[c] went
out of sight the one on our right turned on its edge and sailed
down and away from the rest.

I have seen Jet planes and know about there speed but these objects
were just as fast if not faster.

I have been kidded about seeing things and having to much to drink.
But the sky was clear and the sun shone bright. We had had a good nights
rest and nothing but good clear water to drink.

My wife and I saw these eight metal objects if we ever saw anything
in our lives. My opinion is that they are controled by some device
some where out side of the disc its self and there is no man aboard,
even though they are large enough to carry a man. I think there is
some device that keeps them from colliding with each other, and my
opinion is that they belong to the United States Government, because
if they did not, the U. S. Government would soon find out where they
come from

(Note: There is censorship in the text, with one specific word being blacked out to prevent identification of the person reporting. I have transcribed the text as visible, replacing the redacted portion with "[c]".)