The image does not contain a photograph. It's a page of text from an old document. Here is the text from the document:

---

flight; the objects flew v ry evenly and steadily. When source last uw the objects they were going out of visual range on the horizon.

Weather and visibility at time of observation: Visibility was exceptionally good. Sour could see Harvey Lake, 70 miles distant, and could see smoke rising from the saw mills at Burns, Oregon, 75 miles distant. There were a few scattered clouds at between 10,000 and 10,000'. The weather report at the time indicated "scattered clouds at 10,000' and 18,000'." A very smoth. Normally the air in the area is light to mildly turbulant. The sun was west of source/ that is, source's plane was between the sun and the objects.

Location of sighting objects (Ref. to boites (V-2) Sectional Aeronautical Chart). Source’s location when objects were first sighted was 42°27'N, 120°W. This point was not definitely established but was computed from the known ground speed and the estimated time interval during which source observed the objects. This position could possibly be as much as five miles SSW of the position given. Source's location when objects left his visual range was 42°41'N, 119°49'W. Source flew in a straight line between these coordinates.

Location of objects when first observed: 42°36'N, 119°43'W. Location of objects when last seen: 42°28'N, 119°48'W.

The objects made a slight change of course from quartering to paralleling source's straight line of flight.

REPORTING OFFICER'S COMMENT: It is believed that conventional aircraft, birds, balloons, astronomical phenomena, and auto-hypnosis can be eliminated as an explanation for the objects sighted by source. Since source was not flying into the sun and since he is an expert pilot-instructor, VERTIGO does not appear to be a reasonable explanation; nor do reflections on, or irregularities of, the plexi-glass canopy through which source viewed the objects offer a reasonable explanation, because of the wide range of observance of the objects. As far as the reporting officer's comment is concerned (as well as so rce's own comment) the explanation of source's sighting of the strange flying objects remains a question mark.

---

UNCLASSIFIED

---