There are no photographs in the image you've provided. It's a text document. Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This investigation was requested by: Colonel W. R. CLINGERMAN,
Chief, Technical Intelligence Division, Headquarters, Air Material Command,
based upon the receipt of a communication from Colonel CLINGERMAN re-
garding the alleged sighting of alleged flying saucers.

AT CASTLETON, NEW YORK

2. Lt. [REDACTED] , East Greenbush, New York, advised that
on 6 April 1949, at 0755 hours, while he was engaged in driving a school
bus, he observed three objects in a "V" formation flying in an easterly
direction toward Boston, Massachusetts. He further stated that he im-
mediately thought the objects to be F-82's. He describes the ob-
jects as objects that appeared to be the size of a half moon; appeared[ed] toward
twenty inches in diameter, round, not perfectly flat, and raised convexical
in the center. He further described the objects as shiny objects that were
silver in color, like [REDACTED], and their size as "viewed to objects
at a forty-five degree angle, further described the objects as moving at a slow
rate of a rotating line stop, and at a distance of five to eight
miles; he related that the objects had red to dull red tails and that 
they traveled through the air very slowly. Mr. [REDACTED] informed that the
objects appeared to be approximately one-hundred-fifty feet apart. He ad-
vised that he believes that the objects disappeared either into a cloud
or with a cloud.

3. Mr. [REDACTED] is a produce farmer and a school bus driver for the
Columbia Central High School, East Greenbush, New York, it was learned by
this agent. This agent was informed that SUBJECT is considered to be a
respected citizen in this community.

AT ALBANY, NEW YORK

4. A check of the files of the F. B. I. and the files of the Albany
Police Department and the files of the State Police, reveals no informa-
tion concerning the alleged incident.

AT CASTLETON, NEW YORK AND RAVENA, NEW YORK

5. No witnesses of the alleged incident could be contacted in Ravena,
New York or in Castleton, New York.

AT SCHENECTADY, NEW YORK

6. Captain MYERS, Commanding Officer, Detachment 2, Eastern Aircraft
Control and Warning Squadron, located at the Scotia/Schenectady General Depot,

UNCLASSIFIED
```