There is no photograph present in the image you've provided. It is a text document. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the output of all text found in the document.

---

UNCLASSIFIED 

Incident: 298 

Page 2 

Lt. Col. 
Name and address of observer: ENID Air Force Base, Oklahoma

Occupation and hobbies: ENID USAFR
Pilot 2186 Flying Hours - 260 Hours Combat

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):
Unquestionable.

STATEMENT OF… (ENID Air Force Base, ENID, Oklahoma, 2 May 1949)

On the night of 21 April 1949 at approximately 2120 hours CST, I was standing outside the ATC Bldg A-7 at ENID, Oklahoma facing north while talking to two airmen on A frame pass. By which means or means of Mansathy as an aircraft flying from east to west approximately 2,000 feet high. The aircraft's flying locally in the area as well as shooting landings and take-offs at that time, it startled me to see what I first thought was an aircraft flying at right angles to the direction of traffic at that altitude. However, upon looking up to see the object, I realized it was not an aircraft due to the fact it had a long tail trailing behind, thus giving the impression of a comet but as a comet upon analyzing the situation, I realized it could not have been a comet because the object appeared to be no higher than ordinary traffic that was 1,500 yards horizontal with no curve noted whatsoever. The object disappeared from sight and did not explode or come in contact with any other object. From the time the object caught my attention until the time it passed from sight, approximately two (2) seconds elapsed. 

It was impossible to see whether or not the object produced an audible sound or not because of the fact an aircraft was taking off at that moment. The first impression that the object was aircraft flying at around 2,000 feet high for a fleeting second or two which occurred within the matter of seconds.
The first being that the object was not straight it was not straight at right angles to the traffic pattern, the second that it was a comet because of its long tail with approximately 100 feet in length, and the third that it was neither of these two, made me realize that the object was something inexplicable. Because of its rapid speed which I would estimate to be approximately 1,000 miles per hour, judging by past experience where I have witnessed jet aircraft flying approximately 500 to 600 miles per hour, it was impossible to describe the object as other than something which appeared to be the size of a large opalescent light globe when viewed at approximately 15 feet distance. Is it similarly possible that the object did not have an actual tail but, instead, that its appearance was caused by the rapid speed of a lighted object traveling through the sky on a darker night. The weather conditions at this particular time were clear.

UNCLASSIFIED

--- 

Please note that due to the quality of the text in the document, some words may have been inaccurately captured or are missing in this transcription.