The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text transcribed from the document:

DETAILS. (Cont'd) 19D OSI 24-15 [UNCLASSIFIED]
around and caught up with the objects. They were definitely traveling faster than a group of birds, and slower than jet planes. No trail of smoke or exhaust was observed. The speed of the objects appeared to be steady.
Estimating, elevations, populations, etc. in area: [illegible] flew at 9000' MSL which was between 4000' and 5000' above terrain. During most of the time of observation, the objects were 1000' possibly 1500' below SMIHL's plane. Towards the end of sighting when [redacted] had begun to come down he was almost on a level with them in altitude.

The valley through which [redacted] flew north, and the objects flew south, is roughly 12 miles wide. The floor of the valley is between 4000' to 5000' in elevation. The west side of the valley is dominated by Heart Mountain (8200' in elevation). Hart Mountain stands on an elongated bluff, which has an almost sheer drop of around 1000'. The bluff, and all the terrain, against which [redacted] saw the objects is quite dark in color. The objects stood out in contrast to the dark color. The objects appeared to be un-painted metal."

"The rim of the bluff on the east side of the valley is about 7000' in elevation. From where [redacted] saw the objects (at 9000' elevation) they were roughly in line with the rim of the bluff (7000'). Assuming the objects were one (1) to three (3) miles away from the bluff—flying toward him—flying at about 8000' MSL, and about 3500' above the valley floor."
"The valley which [illegible] sighted the objects is sparsely populated; however, there are a number of ranches there—more than are indicated on the Boise (V-2) Aeronautical Chart. [illegible] believes that if persons living in the valley were questioned, chances are several might be found who saw the objects from the ground. [illegible] flown through this valley many times going between California and Oregon and do not recall ever having seen another airplane in the valley where he sighted the objects. The valley is not a commercial airway route, and is seldom used by private planes. [redacted] does not recall ever seeing any automobiles on the dirt roads in the valley, shown as such on the Boise (V-2) section of Aeronautical Chart.
[redacted] saw one formation of objects at the beginning of observation. When the objects were a few degrees to the starboard or ahead, [redacted] could not distinguish separate objects - all he saw were reflections; however, as he came closer and passed them by 5-1/2 to 7-1/2 miles he definitely saw six (6) or seven (7) separate objects. To be on the safe side he states with positiveness that there were no less than five (5) objects and no more than eight (8).

The objects were always in line formation (one behind the other) and there appeared to be no change in altitude of the formation. The space between the lead object and the next one was three or four times the length of one of the objects. The distance between the second and the following objects was between one-half and two-thirds the length of the objects. Accordingly, if the objects were 20' in length, the distance between #1 and #2 was 60 to 80 feet, and the distance between #2 and the others was between 10 and 17 feet. The distance between the objects appeared very constant.

[UNCLASSIFIED]
3
24-2-1-1