No photograph is present in the image provided. The text from the document reads as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

to produce any physical effects, other than the one case in
which a cloud was evaporated along the trajectory, it is not
certain that this laws of mechanics, for instance, would be
sufficient. 

But suppose that mechanical laws alone are sufficient,
then the following example is sufficient proof that at least
a length could, in principle, be determined: suppose a simple
pendulum were observed suspended in the sky; then after ob-
serving its frequency of oscillation, we could deduce from
the laws of mechanics its precise length.

This suggests that something could be deduced from the
observed fluttering motion of some of the objects of Group I.
Assume that we know the angular frequency and singular ampli-
tude of this fluttering motion (they can be measured in prin-
ciple from a motion picture). Then for purposes of calculation
assume the object to be thirty feet in diameter, to be as rigid
as a normal aircraft wing of 30-foot span, to be constructed of
material of the optimum weight-strength ratio and to be
structure of most efficient design. In this analysis to cal-
culate how heavy the object must be merely to remain rigid un-
der the observed angular motion; i.e. the computation made
for a plurality of assumed sizes 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64 ver-
us to say 200 feet, and int all quoted mass be plotted versus
assumed size. The non-linear character of the curve should
indicate an approximate upper limit to the size of the object.

If, in addition, it is assumed that the flutter is due to
aerodynamic forces, it is possible that more precise informa-
tion could be obtained.

The required angular data can probably be extrated from
witnesses most reliably by the use of a demonstration model
which can be made to oscillate or flutter in a known way.

Summary - PART II, Section A

Geometrical calculators alone cannot yield the size of
objects observed from a single station; such observation to-
gether with the assumption that the objects are essentially
aircraft, can be used to get reasonable limits of size.

Section B - The possibility of supporting and propell-
ing a solid object by unusual means.

Since some observers have obviously colored their reports
with talk of rays, jets, beams, space-ships, and the like, it
is well to examine what possibilities exist along the IR lines.
This is also important in view of the conclusions of PART II,
Section A, of this report.

UNCLASSIFIED

S-11750

21