There is no photograph in the image provided. It appears to be a scanned document page. I will output the text as an OCR system:

```
20D OSI 24-39

the 0030 hours observance. BLAINTON advised that sometimes these clouds give off a reddish color during certain atmospheric conditions or there is smoke in the air. He stated that he did not have a record of the winds aloft, but said information could be obtained from the United States Weather Bureau, Seattle, Washington. He also checked the records of the Airways Communication Station and stated that no contact was made with aircraft in the vicinity between the hours of 0001 and 0100. All flight plans are filed with the airways Communication Station and the aircraft normally contact the station when they are flying in the vicinity. This includes military and civilian type aircraft which are equipped with radios, excepting chartered commercial aircraft. BLAINTON advised that there has been some local night flying by civilian aircraft which on the field; however, there would most certainly not be any at 0045 hours with weather conditions being such as they were. BLAINTON further advised that Canadian aircraft are requested to contact the Bellingham Station upon entering the United States, and the records did not indicate any such contact.

5. Mr. ——— at Station Agent, United Airlines, Bellingham, Wash-
ington, was interviewed at his office at the Bellingham Airport on 22 September 1949 and stated in substance: The station is closed during the night; however, one of their aircraft flies over the vicinity at approximately 0020 hours each night. The aircraft normally fly at 5,000 feet, weather permitting. He further stated that if all lights were turned on in the passenger compartment of the planes, they could not be seen from the ground. The exhaust flames may be seen from the ground if the plane was flying very low; however, he considered it doubtful.

6. Mr. , was re-interviewed on 22 September 1949 at his home and questioned regarding the possibilities of the sighted object being a cloud passing through the beam or light being projected at the Bellingham Airport, and he started as follows: The object appeared, or seemed to be, over the Bellingham Airport and that he has observed ceiling lights at Bellingham Airport, Seattle, Washington, on numerous occasions and noted their effect upon the clouds. He did not believe that the object he saw was a cloud, but admitted it could have been. He reasoned that the color was too bright and the sharp outline of the object was too clear. He considered the possibilities of the object being a brilliant star, the moon, or a flare, then frankly admitted that he could not identify the object as being anything he had ever seen before. He stated that he was very exhausted at the time he sighted the object and that he was not too alert or observant during the ten seconds the object was in sight.

AT EVERETT, WASHINGTON

7. Major WILLIAM R. FELTENBAUM, Commanding Officer, 25th Air Division, Everett, Washington was interviewed at his office on 22 September 1949, by the writer and he advised that the radar detachment maintains a log on unidentified objects that are picked up by the radar. This log was checked and revealed no information regarding objects that were sighted in the Bellingham area between 0001 and 0100 hours on 26 July 1949.

UNCLASSIFIED
```