The image provided is a black and white page of text and does not contain any photographs. Below is the transcription of the text on the document:

---
Report concerning Diso-rotor airplane
bearing G.A.A.A. registration IX-991.
Gray Goose Airways, Inc.,
Washington, D. C.

UNCLASSIFIED

Date: March 8, 1959. Time: 3:00-5:30 P.M. Place: Old Beming Race Track.

On Wednesday afternoon from 3 to 5:30, a series of taxiing tests were undertaken with a view to determining the directional stability of the new tricycle landing gear which had just been installed, and other handling characteristics of the airplane on the ground. The afternoon was bright and sunny with a gentle breeze from the ligh[t]west, and conditions favorable.

A series of runs was made both up and down wind, at various speeds. The nose-wheel proved to be stable at speeds approaching 20 miles per hour, but at low speeds was less stable. A pair of cables and springs were then attached to the nose-wheel fork in such a manner as to tend to hold the wheel in a fore-and-aft line, and the taxiing tests were continued with the following results:

There was a noticeable improvement in the directional stability of the nose-wheel at the lower speeds, and no discernible difference in stability at the higher speeds. A run was then made at a speed assumed to be near that necessary for take-off, and the pilot and undertook witnesses still agree that the airplane left the ground at least a foot and a half and flew for some distance. It settled back to the ground easily as the throttle was closed, and gave no indication of the lack of control which was discovered on the next attempt.

In the meanwhile the breeze had shifted to the Southwest, and the next run was made in an opposite direction to those previous. The pilot had no thought of taking his airplane into the air more than 5 feet or two and did not even fasten the belt. While taxiing at about 25 miles an hour the airplane suddenly left the ground, ascended at a very steep angle to a height of approximately 25 feet, fell off in a left turn and struck the ground. The left side landing gear leg received the full force of the fall, and collapsed. One rotor vane also struck the grown, and there was minor damage.

In this involuntary take-off the airplane ballooned upward with startling rapidity, and efforts to correct its attitude by visual disposition of the controls were unavailing. The diso-rotor which was unlocked during these tests, began to rotate during the fall, according to the witnesses. The pilot was impressed by the slowness of the fall and the not-too-violent impact with the ground.

Conclusions.
1. The airplane has an abundance of lift.
2. The airplane has ample horsepower.
3. The airplane lacks both lateral and longitudinal control and is therefore unsafe until these faults are corrected.

Recommendations
1. An accurate model of the present airplane should be put through complete and comprehensive tests in a reputable wind-tunnel to ascertain the travel of the center of pressure, the direction and magnitude of lift and drag forces and vectors, the necessary area and placing of the elevators, and a more practical means of lateral control.

Willard A. Driggers        Private W7927

Witness 

Witness 

UNCLASSIFIED

[There are signatures or handwritten text at the bottom of the page that are not legible enough for transcription.]
---
Please note that due to the image quality, certain words are not completely clear, and some assumptions have been made for words that are partially obscured.