There is no photograph present in the image you've provided, it is a text document. Below is the OCR output of the text in the document:

```
B/lttr, AMC, file MCIA3O-3, subj: Project "Grudge", dtd 24 Mar 49 
733D T/E Sq, 37C05' 
1st Ind 
Hq, 373d Re Sq (TAC) AEA, APO 850 c/o Postmaster, New York, N. Y.

TO: Commanding General, Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 
ATTN: MCIAO-3

1. As requested in par 5, basic correspondence, Captain [Redacted], 
and crew have been interviewed (see Incls 2, 3, 1, 5, & 6). Navigation 
Lt. 1st Donald M. Austin was TDY to this headquarters from 375th Recon Sq, 
Eielson AFB, Alaska and has since returned to that organization. Radio 
Operator, Sgt Barker, was busy at radio panel and viewed little but 
briefly. Genax Scanlon, Sgt Cook, was operating an engineer's panel and 
did not view it with. Right Scanner, Sgt DeCharmi a is at present 30 
DDY to T/FO 210th Air Weather Group, Westover AFB, Mass.

2. All Officers and Airmen interviewed viewed phenomenon through 
plexiglass aircraft windows or blisters. No artificial aid to vision 
were used.

3. Approximately 5 to 15 miles from tho first mass Capt Natalie 
and 1st Stockton reported seeing the lights on a surface vessel.  Radio 
Operator, Sgt Barker was requested to contact it, however, contact 
could not be made.

4. Radio contact was good all during the flight and contact was 
maintained with Bermuda. However the radio operator does not remember 
if there was an undue amount of radio interference.

5. Radar Operator, Sgt[Redacted] operating radar set AN/APQ-13 had 
been receiving good results. Several surface vessels were picked-up 
in areas other than that where the phenomenon occurred. He was unable 
to pick-up surface vessel which was sighted in the vicinity, even-
though all ranges were tried. There was no indication on the scope 
at the vicinity of the phenomena. Sgt Snider could not get an indica-
tion on the radar scope until about 90 miles from Bermuda, at which 
time the island was picked-up.

6. All crew members who observed this phenomenon stated that 
it vas not illusory and did not seem to be a reflection. It seems 
hardly feasible that it was an illusory condition caused by the Nor-
thern Lights as there was no visible display of them at that time. 
"Northern Lights" as referred to in cited news article was the light 
flares he described.

7. Log of the meteorological station at Hamilton, Bermuda could 
not be obtained through usual service channels. It was, however, learned 
by ltr party ZI, that on January [Redacted] (see Incl #7), local Time 1700, 
17 Jan 1949, Island Time 173, Bermuda has been estimated, Incl #9).

[Redacted] 
2 Enc(s)
```
