The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a typed report document. Here is all the text from the document:

```
OT 350.09                                       UNCLASSIFIED
Subject: Project "SIGN"                                 13 Jul 49

Clouds, or other common objects. They moved in a regular motion
either straight or in curved lines. They were all at approx-
imately the same altitude but moved on different courses as
indicated on the sketch. The oscillations were clearly visible
and timed on the 3rd sighting.

A small group of people away from the airport have reported
to me that they later sighted three additional objects later in
the morning at different times. These reports are from groups
of reputable people who also saw the objects while at the field.
A phone call from Astoria from a ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ reported
to me this morning revealed that he had sighted an object at
about 1000 feet described as about the size of a DC3 but
oscillated as it came down the coast and turned to the east
1300 the 3rd. ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ As a reputable business man and
licensed pilot. He said other aircraft were in the air at the
time and this was not a common aircraft. He reported that e
different aircraft sound attracted his attention to it.

I tried to alert the local radio station to get observers
to report on direction and angle of observation from different
localities and report to me as to try triangulate for course and
altitude. They thought it was a publicity stunt and did not
cooperate enough to permit getting the desired data.

An effort will be made to get the local newspaper to print
a story on the value of simultaneous observations and I will
try to get people to report any future sighting to the radio
station so that as many people as possible might make a sight-
ing and thus permit compiling speed and elevation data."

                                         FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:
                                         [Signature]
                                         WINFRED H. GALLANTINE
                                         Major USAF
                                         Intelligence Staff Officer

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS.
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCENSORED UNCLASSIFIED
```
Please note that there are some redactions, indicated by blocks, in the text where names or personally identifiable information may have been removed.

1 Incl.
Sketch