The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page of a document with typewritten text.

Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

---

Its location and configuration is then plotted. Statistical graphs
are brought up to date.

2. Information for locating and comparing is recorded on
card files by witness, and on a tabular sheet for convenient study.

3. Pertinent information is extracted, condensed, and
compiled on an Incident Summary Sheet, which is similar to the first
two pages of the Guide to Investigation.

4. Entire incident files are microfilmed, in order that
technical consultants will have access to all available information if
desired.

5. Data is collated against monthly blimp flight reports,
Airline schedules, information on ball lightning, and other known aerial
objects.

     i. Consultants

     Since, as stated above, there were indications that some
sightings could be attributed to natural phenomena, conventional air-
craft and aerial vehicles, birds, lights, clouds, etc., effort was
made to have all material analyzed by individuals in all technical
fields that might conceivably be touched upon. These individuals and
agencies include the following (only those agencies which provided
usable results are considered.)

     1. Dr. J. A. Hynek, Astronomer, Ohio State University
was awarded a contract, effective 15 December 1948 to 30 April 1949,
for the purpose of attempting to determine which reported objects
might be attributed to natural celestial phenomena.

     2. Headquarters Air Weather Service was requested to re-
view each incident to determine those which may have been weather bal-
loons by comparison of release and weather data with time of sighting,
description of object, and its maneuvers.

     3. Dr. C. E. Valley, Scientific Advisory Board. Since
many reporters colored their reports with talk of ray, electronic
beams, and magnetic support and propulsion, Dr. Valley was asked to
analyze the incidents and decide whether this could possibly be the
case in any instance, and to provide information on this matter.

     4. Rand Corporation was requested to analyze each in-
cident and provide any reasonable explanation that could be determined
from the evidence given. Rand also provided a discussion of the pos-
sibility of visitations by beings from other planets.

---