The image you provided appears to be a typed document and does not contain any photographs. Here is the text contained in the document:

```
UNCLASSIF/
Y
SUMMARY OF INFORMATION                                          DATE: 2 July 1949

PREPARING OFFICE: Office of the AC of S, G-2, Hq Fourth Array, Fort Sam
Houston, Texas

SUBJECT: Summary of Observations of
Aerial Phenomena, Camp Hood, Texas

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

Beginning 6 March 1949, a series of aerial phenomena has been observed
in the vicinity of the Restricted area at Camp Hood, Texas. For want of a
better application, this phenomena has by common consent been tagged "Balls
of Fire." The phenomena has occurred at Camp Hood on the average of every
nine days since it began. Complete reports of each incident have been
reported in detail to the Commanding General Air Material Command, by direc-
tion of the Director of Intelligence, (25 March 1949). Detailed reports of
numerous similar phenomena at Sandia Base, Albuquerque, New Mexico, and
Los Alamos, New Mexico, have already been made direct to the Director of
Intelligence.

Observations made at Camp Hood indicates

The "Fire balls" are highly luminous "lights" usually greenish-white
but sometimes orange-red in color.

They are usually round but are sometimes diamond or oblong shape.

Some move and some appear to be fixed "stars" disappearing as
the terrain; on and off of an electric switch. The movement has been reported
as in an arc, vertical, and zig-zag.

Observations always occur on the same or consecutive nights--the
shortest observation period is two nights and the longest three. The
smallest number of individual phenomenons reported during any period of
manifestations has been 4 and the largest 50.

When artillery observation and plotting methods were used, the
following data was obtained by triangulation: On 7 May 1949, from 1910 hours
to 2105 hours. Weather was clear and a bright moonlight night.

Diamond shaped fireball, red to greenish white, 15 yards in
diameter and 1,000 feet high, moved approximately 100 yards
horizontally in 57 seconds and appeared to "go out."

Diamond shaped fire ball, 24 yards in diameter and 1,300 feet
high, moved approximately 120 yards horizontally in 140 minutes
and then appeared to "go out."

Diamond shaped fire ball, 16 yards in diameter and 1,600 feet
high, moved horizontally in 9 minutes and then appeared to
"go out."

DISTRIBUTION: DI, G-2, USAFFC, AIC, Wright Patterson Air Force Base File.
UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

Please note that the document contains stamps or markings that might not be fully legible, such as the marking on the bottom right corner that appears to be censored with a black marker.