The image appears to be a scanned page of a typewritten document related to a UFO sighting report. There are no photographs or images on this page; it consists entirely of text. Below is the transcribed content of the document:

---
around and caught up with the objects. They were definitely traveling faster
than a C-47 or B-25, this, slower than jet planes. No trail of smoke or
exhaust was observed. The speed of the objects appeared to be steady.

It is very doubtful if the observation, i.e., if the source's estimates of
distances between about 5,000 feet to possibly 10,000 feet and distances above
the terrain, the objects were about 1,000 to possibly 1,500 below source's plane.
Towards the end of sighting when source had begun to come down he was at 10,000
or a level with them in altitude.

The valley through which source flew north, and the objects fin-
ally south., is approximately 5 to 10 miles wide. The floor of the valley is compartmented by 
location in the main valley. The situation in states that no layman could estimate
altitude (20,000 ft. elevation). He is using the terrain as a basis for his esti-
mate. The mountains or high ground on either side to allow 5,000'. The bluff, or one other
terrain, as against which source saw the objects is quite dark in color. The
objects stood out in contrast to the dark color. The objects appeared to be
unpainted aluminum.

The rim of the bluff or the east side of the valley is about 7000'
in elevation. The lone witness said that the objects (at 9000' elevation) they
were roughly in line with the rim of the valley (7000' elevation) the Ots
were 1 to 3 miles away from the bluff-rim, they were probably flying at about
5000' MSL, and about 1500' above the valley floor.

The valley where source sighted the objects is sparsely populated,
however, there are a number of ranches there - more than are indicated on the
Osi(s)(W-2) aeronautical chart. So the observation, if pursued i.e. in
the valley were questioned, canvass for eyewitness might be found who saw the
objects from the ground. source has flown this flight by fairly early times in
going between California and Oregon, and does not recall ever having seen
another similar in the valley where he sighted the objects. The valley is
not a commercial airway route, and also seldom used by private planes. source
does a real over some fairly mountainous made this flight as
shown as such on the Boise (V-2) section of aeronautical chart.

Number and formation of objects: At the beginning of observation, on
when the objects were a few objects to the starboard or dead ahead, source,
could not distinguish formation, just as a swarm, were definitely less, however,
as he came closer and passed them by 5 1/2 to 7 1/2 miles he definitely saw
6 or 7 separate objects. To one of the separate source states with positiveness
that there were no less than 5 objects and no more than 6.

The objects were always in file formation (one behind the other)
and there appeared to be no change in altitude of the formation. The space
between the lead object and next two was three or four times the length
of one of the objects. The distance between the second of first objects,
objects was two or three. And the two thirds the length and the object,
accordingly, if the objects were 20' in length, the distance between #1 and #2
was 60 to 80 feet, and the distance between #2 and the others was about
10 and 17 feet. The distance between the objects appeared very constant. The
objects were so close and appeared to keep formation spacing in a manner
which indicated they might have been under tow by a leading object. At the
last.det. of sighting, on the conclusion, it for time was this, as possibly he been
observed. Source is positive that the objects were separate objects because
he was able to see terrain between them. The formation did not fluctuate in
---
Please note that due to the quality of the image, some words were hard to discern. This transcription represents the content to the best of my ability given the constraints.