There are no photographs present in the provided image, only a scanned document with text. I will now act as an OCR system and output the text found in the document:

```
c

Engineering Division 
Memorandum Report No. MCREUX-69jx-150
26 April 1949

to fly a good pursuit curve on another aircraft in good daylight, for 
example, much less to close on a solitary light at night. The difficulty
is due chiefly to the inability to judge distance or speed of a point
source of light.

Suggestion. Suggestion works in various ways. Sensational
radio and newspaper reports lead a few people to imagine they are 
seeing things they are not seeing. The effect on most people is to 
dampen their critical judgment. Under such conditions we are more 
likely to overlook certain factors, and find it easier to accept the
suggested explanation uncritically. The expected result would be to
make the reports of most observers slightly less accurate than if
they had never heard reports of others seeing "flying saucers".
Particularly when the stimulus object is fuzzy or ill-defined, persons
tend to see it as resembling whatever is suggested to them. Carmichael
et. al., for example (1932) showed individuals simple designs and gave
then the name of an object. When the individuals drew the design
from memory, they drew it to resemble whatever the object was that
had been suggested to them.

Precedents. An historical precedent can be found for most errors 
of human observation. Although the writer has not tried to make an 
historical survey of reports of earlier unidentified aerial objects,
he feels sure that there have been many such reports in years past,
particularly during and after World War II.

Small Wind-borne Obiects. It is possible that some observers 
may have seen small objects carried aloft by strong winds, or objects
dropped from aircraft. Bits of paper, small cartons, etc., may oc-
casionally be carried to a considerable height by strong winds. Air- 
craft may sometimes jettison small articles. It would be impossible to 
```
(The text is cut off at this point because the image does not show the complete document.)