There are no photographs present on this page. Below is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
Page 2                                                Incident 369

Name and address of observer: [REDACTED] Miami 55 Florida

Occupation and hobbies:

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

Last Thurs evening, June 24, 1949, my wife, my children and I were lying on
the beach on Miami Beach. It was a clear night, stars visible, with scattered small
clouds. Very still with no breeze and practically no waves. It was 8:45 PM and
very quiet.

Almost directly overhead, just a bit southeast of overhead, I noticed what
I thought was a falling star. It had the familiar trail and was falling to the west
southwest.

I remarked "Falling Star!" and my nine year old daughter beside me said,
"Two of them". At the same instant I saw the second one to the rear of the first one
and to our left as we were lying on the beach. It was traveling faster and more to
the south west.

I watched too first star paths cross, but instead of crossing, the second one,
with a trail like the first followed ahead and both moved away from each other, sepa-
rated to a distance of about five times as great as when they were closest together,
moved in together and separated as before. They almost touched four times in all
before we lost track of them, in this manner!

I hadn't said a word since calling their attention to the first "star" but
my daughter said, "They are zig-zagging!" or I know that she saw it exactly as I saw
it, and was not merely following the power of suggestion.

The objects seemed to lose their trails as they approached each other. They
were as bright as a medium star. At first they seemed to be pulling, but as they dis-
appeared, they seemed to be travelling parallel to the earth's surface, and in a due
westerly direction. I wouldn't attempt to estimate their height, or their speed.
They were visible for about seven or eight seconds, and then we lost them, they were
at an angle of about 45 degrees from us.

They were not planes as we would have heard the sound of the engines as it
was very quiet, the waves made practically no sound and there was no wind. They
were not birds, as they travelled too fast and we would have seen the movements of
their wings. It was not reflected ground lights as the clouds were small and scat-
tered and these objects had a clear sky with stars behind them during their entire
travel.

I served in the Marine Corps in the Pacific during the last war. I am
familiar with flares, airplane lights, searchlights, etc., and I'm convinced it was none