There are no photographs present within this document page.

Here is the requested text output from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

ITEM 2

SUBJECT: Flying Discs

TO: Commanding General
AT: Air Material Command
Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: T-2

   Reference is made to three inclosures, forwarded from
your office to this headquarters, subject as above.

   It is Air Force policy not to ignore reports of objects
and phenomena in the atmosphere but to recognize them as AAf con-
cern due to: a. the air safety perspective, b. the need for technical
knowledge to collect, collate, evaluate and act on information of de-
fense nature.

   In implement this policy, it is desired that the Air
Material Command set up in suitable sections a collection and evalua-
tion program so that a disturbance is intercepted from its normal
AAF channels and information is collated from as many sources as
the content of the information permits.  If there is a guarantee
that commercial air will confine their reporting of flying disc ob-
servations, it is desired that appropriate communications be taken
to this end.  It is further determined that necessary importance
which falls outside the field of the Air Material Command.

   It is suggested that the activities of this project include
the preparation, and distribution of special reports from ATIC
Intelligence, and that periodic reports be issued at approximately
bi-monthly intervals; reports should be as brief as necessary
to cover the desired objective without undue expense or labor
which would not be warranted by the information available; no conclusion
is attempted by the project unless classified sightings are included.
A completion of the data should be forwarded accordingly.
A complete awareness of data should be effected as recommended in
Inclosure 1.

        BY COMMAND OF THE CHIEF OF STAFF/
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

L.C. CRAIGIE
Major General, U.S. Air Force
Director of Research and Development
Office, Deputy Chief of Staff,
Research and Development

ENCL:
1. Ltr from AC/AS-2
    dtd 23 Sept '47
    (Same Addressee)
    from AC/AS-2 to AC/AS-3
    dtd 27 Oct 47
2. Memo for AC/AS-2 from
    AC/AS-2 (Com Intelligence)
    dtd 30 Oct 47
3. Ltr from AC/AS-2 to
    Commanding General
    AMC
    dtd 30 Dec 47

OFFICE SYMBOL  ----------
GRADE AND  ----------
COORDINATING  ----------
OFFICES  ----------

UNCLASSIFIED

(There are some handwritten notes and markings which I am unable to decipher and thus have not included in this transcript.)