There is no photograph included in this page of the document.

Here is the text contained within the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

1. NAME OF SOURCE OR TITLE OF INCIDENT
Sighting of Unconventional Aircraft

2. DATE SUBMITTED
3 AUGUST 1949

3. CONTROL SYMBOL OR FILE NO.
ATIC-329

4. REPORT OF FINDINGS

AGENT REPORT

On 2 August 1949, ............................, Airport Traffic Control employee, 
177 North Nelson Road, Columbus, Ohio, was interviewed concerning the sighting
of an unidentified object in the sky, and stated in substance:

At approximately 1345, 1 August 1949, at the Air Traffic Control Tower, Port Columbus Airport, Columbus, Ohio, when I received informa-
tion via the telephone call had been received from David Peel, an employee at
Port Columbus, Ohio, stating that he had observed and was still observing an
object in the sky, and asking if we at the tower could identify the object.
I proceeded to step on my fire-escapr, at the tower, to view the object.
Our visibility at our field at that time of day, was 15 to 20 miles in the 
rural horizon, however, in a westerly direction where the object was 
reported to be approximately five to seven miles, and was dissipating as 
high as the aircraft. I called the Control Tower at Lockbourne Air 
Force Base, Tessie Jogol, Governor, Ohio, to ascertain if they had a plane, 
foroign or otherwise in the air with the could be mistaken for this: and likewise
to ascertain if they had any aircraft aloft that a C-47 traveling northwest, was in
the air, and I was told by the tower man to contact our tower and aircraft in 
the sky from our C-47 to a B-29 in flight, which was currently in the air and in
our objective from us. I do not know in terms of this flight, so I contacted him 
via VHF telephone, this man was the nearest air traffic control tower 
177 North Nelson Road, Columbus, Ohio, to Columbus Tower to find out if he
had in the least, two fighters to send me to see and observe and follow
the object to ascertain the character of this object; no fighters were in the
area nor were. He told me to go to the Air Force Reserve Center to locate a 
Reserve aircraft, I did observe that what at first I thought were vortices, con-
tracool as straight lines and not curly. (See co- or serving made by 
normal). These со-like lines disappeared and at 1142, a plane; these lines was from 
my location in the tower. His direction was very bright and clearly felt toward 
the horizon in a northwesterly direction. The object disappeared on the hori-
zon at approximately 2120 hours, and as it disappeared the light turned yellow 
and then red.

COPT OF DRAWING MADE BY WITNESS

[There is a redacted section that was likely the drawing mentioned above]

Scale or "size as seen by ██████████████████

1000 hrs Light Meteor trails disarrayed
                                  Putt ot Light

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10

2100 hrs

UNCLASSIFIED

5. TYPED NAMED AND ORGANIZATION OF SPECIAL AGENT
                                         /s/ █████████ A. █████████
6. SIGNATURE OF SPECIAL AGENT

WD AGO FORM 341
1 JUN 47
```
Please note that there are redacted or censored sections denoted by black bars and certain classified information that is not included in the text above.