The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSI

Page 2 Incident 374

Name and address of observer: Mrs. ------ 
32-15 34 Street, Astoria, Long Island, N. Y.

Occupation and Hobbies:
Clerk-bookkeeper, 30 years with Corn Products Refin; Co.,
54 years old

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s)

Stable type person, not prone to exaggeration or verbosity

NARRATIVE SUMMARY Report of Interview: Mrs. ------ reports that on the evening of
21, June 1949, she returned from work at 1630 hours and immediately started to prepare 
supper. She turned on the radiot the same time so as to, "hear Lowell Thomas". The
reported objects appeared, according to Mrs. ------ to hover and then move off in the Lowell
Thomas program, which would place her time of observation between 1630 and 1645 hours
D.S.T.

The objects were described by Mrs. ------ as being round and between 1 1/2 and
2 feet in diameter, gray in color, surrounded by a halo of light and travelling in the
direction of west to east, disappearing into a "cloud bank".

The objects appeared to be travelling in a horizontal direction for the first
two seconds and then appeared to describe an upward arc just prior to disappearance.
An interpretation of Mrs. ------ description of the position of the objects would 
place them approximately 100 to 150 feet in the air. It must be borne in mind, however,
that determination of altitude without adequate reference marks is practically im-
possible for the avarage lay person.

Within a minute (estimated) of the time that the objects were sighted, a single
engine "fighter type" airplane appeared from the south and was observed by Mrs. Scaife
to circle the area and then disappear in a southerly direction at an estimated alti-
tude of 1,000 feet.

UNCLASSI
``` 

(There are redacted sections marked by "------" in the document which represent omitted personal information that I have not transcribed out of respect for privacy.)