The image does not contain any photographs, only typed text and some portions that are redacted. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text from the document:

Page 2                                             Incident #242A

Name and address of observer; [redacted] Winslow, Arizona

Occupation and hobbies; Amateur Astronomer

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

Well educated, good character

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

On 30 April 1949, [redacted] Winslow, Arizona, [redacted] observed a "Fireball" phenomenon at 0915 hours on 12 April 1949, approximately ten (10) miles North of Winslow, Arizona. Interrogated was interviewed and advised he observed the "Fireball" uninhibited as it hung in the sky (shown the Azimuth existed at A). Only one (1) "Fireball" was seen and Informant was approximately 50 to 60 miles away. (Approximate location of the "Fireball" is within the area covered by the mountain on exhibit A). When interviewees first observed the "Fireball," it was approximately 60 degrees above the horizon and disappeared at approximately 13 degrees from the horizon. Considering the brilliance and clearness of the "Fireball," he estimated it was from 75 to 100 miles high. He saw the "Fireball" for two seconds before it faded from his farthest west was pink in color with the tail of a 120 watt light bulb at 25 feet. The "Fireball" rose in appearance, had the size of a Tom Paine operation while traveling a straight gun cource in a north westerly direction. However, he advised he was not positive of the direction of flight due to his angle of observation. In as much as Informant was indoors with his bedroom window closed, he heard no sound. He observed no evidence of smoke or exhaust and did not notice that it affected the clouds in any way. Considering the object was a meteorite, it would have been traveling at 26.2 miles per second. The "Fireball" faded from view and probably fell north and east of Las Vegas, Nevada. It might not have been seen many falling meters, but one seen on 13 April 1949 much larger and more brilliant than any he has seen. Informant knows of no other individuals who had seen the "Fireball."

Please note that the OCR process might not be perfect due to the quality of the document, formatting, or any smudges or marks that may be on the page.