The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page of text from a document. Here is the OCR output of the text in the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL

DETAILS:

1. This investigation initiated by the District Commander 
9th OSI District was upon receipt of information which indicated 
that unidentified aerial objects had been sighted in the vicinity of New Orleans, La.

2. On 23 May 1949, this agent, in company of Special Agents 
Bullman and Koster of the Fourth Army Branch Intelligence Office, 
New Orleans, La., interviewed MRS ------, of
--------New Orleans, La. The following information pertaining to the alleged sighting of the object by MRS -----
was obtained in the course of this interview:

  a. Date of sighting: Friday, 20 May 1949.

  b. Time of sighting: 1615 hours.

  c. Where sighted: The object was sighted from ------ 
  -------, New Orleans, La., which is the residence of 
  MRS ------ The object appeared to be passing across the out-
  skirts of the city near Lake Pontchartrain.

  d. Number of objects; Only one (1) object was noted.

  e. Distance of object from observer: The object appeared 
  to be approximately one and one-half (1½) miles from the place
  of observation. The observer estimated the elevation of the 
  object along her line of vision above the horizon to be 
  approximately 450.

  f. Time in sight: The object was within view of 
  MRS ------ for approximately five (5) minutes.

  g. Appearance of object: The object appeared to be 
  luminous and silver in color. The shape was that of a disk 
  and the observer compared it to an ordinary dinner plate.
  The size was estimated as approximately that of a small train-
  ing type aircraft.

  h. Direction of flight: The object appeared to be travel-
  ling from east to a north-northeast direction.

  i. Tactics or maneuvers: The object travelled in a 
  horizontal line throughout the period of observation. The 
  object was turning in an end-over-end fashion.

  j. Evidence of exhaust: The object gave off no apparent 
  smoke, odor, or vapor trail.
                                         2 UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
```