The image does not contain any photographs. It features a text document with the heading "CONFIDENTIAL" in large letters at the top, and the text is arranged in a typical paragraph format with typewritten text. At the bottom of the page, there are classifications marks "UNCLASSIFIED" with a stamp that also includes "DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10".

Below is the OCR output of the text as requested:

---
CONFIDENTIAL

from the clouds. Later on he admitted that his estimation may not have been
accurate and that it may have been only 2,000 meters as it was hard for him
to estimate that. The second time he saw the object, the sky was not overcast,
merely a few clouds were to be seen in the blue sky. He estimated that the
flying object may have been about 5,000 to 3,000 meters away from his point
of observation. Source described the object as being one vertical rod above
which five spherical items were arranged in the way as is shown on inclosure
1, this report, perspective and top view. From his point of observation the
flying rod had the size of a pencil but may have been about 10 meters long and
30 centimeters in diameter if the distance to the object is taken into considera-
tion. In comparison with the diameter of the rod, the spherical items had a
diameter of about three times the diameter of the rod, namely about 90 to 100
centimeters. The spherical items and the rod seemed to have been painted all
white. The items may have been balloons, but Source could not claim that.
Source stated that he saw no antennae or anything else come out of any of the
items. Four of the spherical items were symmetrically arranged about five meters
above the rod in a square, while one spherical item was further away from the
rod. Estimated distances shown in the inclosure should not be relied upon as
they were estimated in relation to the size of the flying items.

On both occasions the object remained motionless for about 10 minutes.
Suddenly it moved away and could be seen by source only for about 10 to 15
seconds until buildings between the object and Source made further observation
impossible. Source could not recall into which direction the object moved.

Source gave the following address of a man who may also have seen the object, 
as he was interned in the same PW camp. He was the former PW [redacted]
[redacted], who was released at HERFSELD transit camp in Dec 1949.

UNCLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
CONFIDENTIAL

--- 

The redacted sections are shown with [redacted] to indicate the removal of text, per the original document's visible redactions.