The image you provided appears to be a scanned text document from "Project Blue Book," and does not contain any photographs. Below is the text output from the document as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

4 October 1949

S T A T E M E N T

  II, WILLIAM E. ARGEBLD. 1st Lt. 16020A, Adjutant, 324 Air Base
Group, Grenier Air Force Base, New Hampshire, prior to making the
statement contained in the following paragraphs, have had explained
to me the 24th Article of War by QUINN J. MARSHALL, who has identi-
fied himself to me as a Special Agent of the Office of Special
Investigations, USAF. I understand that I cannot be compelled to
incriminate myself or to answer any question, the answer to which
may tend to incriminate me, or to answer any question not material
to the issue which such answer may tend to degrade me. With such
understanding, I make the following statement of my own free will
and accord, without threat or fear of punishment and without induc-
ement or promise of immunity or reward.

  On 20 September 1949, at approximately 1000 hours, while flying
a C-47 Aircraft (Serial No. 43-15255), at an altitude of 3,500 feet,
I observed an unidentifiable object which appeared to be in a 45 to
60 degree dive. I observed the object for a duration of approximately
one second. It appeared similar in size and shape to a fighter air-
craft fuselage, silver in color, —of an undetermined material.
There was no propellor or other identifiable protrusions on the body.
A steady orange flame was trailing from the tail of the object for a
distance approximately equal to the length of the body. No smoke or
exhaust, other than the above mentioned flame, was visible. The
duration of observation was so brief that a sketch is impossible. Only
one object was observed. It was coming from the north, relative to my
position, on a southerly heading. Its flight appeared to be steady and
smooth. The dive appeared to be on a straight line angle with no evi-
dence of change of course or attitude. I observed no lights, heard no
sound, and detected no odor. I saw no lift or control surfaces on the
body of the missile. I couldn't determine whether its velocity resulted
from the propulsion of the trailing flame or from a free gravitational
fall. It is difficult to estimate its speed in miles per hour, but ap-
peared from my speed of 170 stat.mi/RT I have seen. The object disap-
peared from my vision as the result of its entering shadows cast on the
ground by clouds. This probably occurred because my eyes could not
follow the missile.

  I had been airborne approximately 55 minutes when my attention was
attracted to the missile by the light of the flame issuing from the tail.
I was not fatigued; I had tested satisfactorily and well the night before,
and had done no drinking within a 36 hour period.

                                     UNCLASSIFIED

Page 1 or 2 Pages
```