The image displays a document page with text and no photographs. It appears to be a typewritten page with some handwritten annotations and a circular object, possibly a hole punch, in the upper left corner. The document features the "UNCLASSIFIED" stamp both at the top and bottom. Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #33.-Ag.- -- pg.3

interval of more than half an hour would be incredulous.
    
    Incident #33 is the only one of the four that includes
the daytime observation of presumably, the same object. The im-
portance of the incidents is, however, paramount, for it was in
tracking down the mysterious object that Lieutenant Mantell lost
his life. Again it is possible that the object observed was the
planet Venus, although the evidence is by no means as definitive
as that for the sighting made later that day. First, the bearings
of the object as reported by various witnesses differ considerably;
where one says southwest, another says south, for example. Stat-
...covery, interpreting all the evidence, one sees a faint streak within the
coincidence of the object's position with that of Venus. The fol-
lowing short table of sightings vs the position of Venus shows the
general agreement of the two in azimuth:

Object                      Venus
1330 (CIV Oliver)          Sic on field       Almost due S 1.4°
1345 (Sgt. Blackwell)      South of field     1.3°
           (CIV Oliver)
After 1400 (Lt. Ornar)     SW                 From due S 1300; at
                                                  1400, moving westward
                                                  15.0°
1445 (Capt. Mantell)       210°
           (Col. Hix)      215°
    
    A more pertinent question is that of whether it would have
been possible to see Venus in the daytime on that day. All that can
be said here is that it was not impossible to see the planet under
those conditions. It is well known that when Venus is at its greatest
brilliancy, it is possible to see it during the daylight when one knows
exactly where to look, but on January 7, 1948 Venus was less than half

UNCLASSIFIED
---