There is no photograph present in the image provided. The document appears to be a form with several fields filled out, however, the image is very low-resolution and faded, impacting the ability to perform accurate optical character recognition (OCR). Here is the text I can discern from the document:

(C)[ILLEGIBLE]
(TYPE OF MESSAGE)
DATE OF INFO - JULY [ILLEGIBLE]
SOURCE
EVALUATION
DATE OF REPORT
PLACE OF INFO - ANCH[ILLEGIBLE]
NAME, TITLE AND AD[ILLEGIBLE]
[ILLEGIBLE] OR NN[ILLEGIBLE]
COLOR: [ILLEGIBLE]
SPEED MILES OR [ILLEGIBLE]
ALTITUDE LESS THAN [ILLEGIBLE]
LENGTH OF TIM OBSERVED: [ILLEGIBLE]
TYPE OF OBSERVANCE: [ILLEGIBLE]
MARKINGS [ILLEGIBLE]
[ILLEGIBLE] SERVICE: 793
----------
Preceding ATIC Form 329
(14 Jun 52)
--------------------------
UNCLASSIFIED
(REST Of CONTENT ILLEGIBLE)

Please note that due to the quality of the image, accurate extraction of the text is difficult. If there is specific information you need that I wasn't able to decipher from the image, having a clearer image would enable better assistance.

- page 1 -

There are no photographs present in this image. It contains only text and what appears to be a border of some sort at the bottom edge. Following your instructions, I'll act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

---

Incident No. 1 — 6 July 1947, 0930 hours local, Muroc Air Force Base.
Four witnesses, all observed two silver disc like or spherical objects against
a clear bright sky. All witnesses estimated the size at about 300 feet, and
the speed between 300 and 1400 MPH. It is possible to estimate distance and
speed of an object within a fair degree of accuracy if the size is known. The
distance is judged in this instance (see and 2) upon on estimates of distance
plus angular change on the horizon (see figure B, and C). In this incident, no
size could not be known, owing to the fact that the object was not identified.
The time in sight and angular distance traveled were not given. However, the
First witness stated he sighted the objects at 0930, and the last witness said
he was called to view the objects at 1000. Time in sight is therefore assumed
to be at least one-half hour. The objects were reportedly traveled in a tight
line. Taking the median reported speed (350 MPH), the objects must then have
traveled 175 miles while in sight. If the objects were such proportions as
to be seen at that distance, it is believed that more details could have been
observed at the first sighting; i.e the actual shape, distortion of body caused
by thrust, etc, rather than the more general remark that two objects
are.

A few moments previous to the sighting, the first witness
was engaged in conversation, quoting the witness, "my part in this
conversation was as follows: 'Someone will have to show me one of
those discs before I will believe it.'"

The statements of the three other witnesses were made to
the first witness, all three agree almost identically with the first.
It is probable, therefore, that their evidence was influenced by
suggestion.

A/IC Opinion: This report is a result of misinterpretation of the
nature of real stimuli, probably research balloons.

---

- page 10 -

The image appears to contain a portion of a document with text and some markings or redactions. There's no clear photograph in the traditional sense within the image; however, there is a partially obscured object at the top that might be an attempt to depict something, although it's not discernible as a photograph due to the quality and presentation. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the output of all the text in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #1, lo, ld, le -- Maroo, California -- 3 July 1947

No astronomical explanation for this incident is possible.

It is tempting to explain the objects as ordinary aircraft
observed under unusual light conditions, but the evidence of the
"tight circle" maneuvers, if substantial, is strongly contradictory.
This incident must be judged with reference to other similar inci-
dents, which probably have a common explanation.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 11 -

There are no photographs present on this page, just some redacted parts.

Here is the text as an OCR would output:

```
D

UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #80 -- Arlington, Virginia -- 7 July 1947

There is nothing in the description of this incident
that contradicts an explanation of the object as a slow-moving,
bright meteor. Slow-moving meteors are generally observed before
midnight.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 12 -

The image provided is a scanned document page with significant fading, making much of the text difficult to decipher. There is no photograph present in this image. Below is the text that is readable and can be reasonably transcribed from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
1. Date: June 24,
2. Time: 0915
[...]
Electromagnetic effects on radio - static at 0857 & 0915 MST
[...]
5. Occupation of observers: Two- Eastern Airline Pilots
[...]
7. Place of observation: [...] County [...] 8. Number of objects: Three
[...]
10. Time in sight: 15
[...]
Altitude: Between 10000 & 6000 ft.
[...]
Speed: 550-600 M.P.H.
[...]
12. Direction of flight: Northeasterly
[...]
14. Shape: [...] or disc shaped.
[...]
Odor detected: None
[...]
From report confirmation:
Estimated scientifically impossible
[...]
Remarks: [...] Officer in charge of [...] Chance [...] Air Force (Base)
```

Due to the degraded quality of the document and the illegible portions of text, only snippets are provided here. Some sections are insets or fragments of words and phrases that cannot be confidently completed.

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a heavily blurred and distorted page of text, with no photographs visible. Due to the quality of the image, optical character recognition (OCR) would likely be extremely difficult for a standard system. However, I'll attempt to reproduce any legible text. Keep in mind that due to the condition of the document, much of the text might be missing or illegible:

---

[ILLEGIBLE TEXT]

---

Unfortunately, the quality of the image is such that the details are unreadable, and thus I am unable to accurately transcribe any text from the document. If you have a clearer image or need assistance with other documents or information, feel free to share and I'll do my best to help.

- page 14 -

The image appears to be a highly deteriorated, blurry, and faded page from a document. There is no clear photograph in this image; instead, it seems to be a text-based page. However, the text is mostly illegible due to the poor quality of the scan. I will attempt to transcribe any legible text, but please note that the poor quality may result in incomplete or incorrect transcription:

1. ?
2. OBS
3. Location: Muroc AAF Muroc, Calif
4. Date of obs... 1st, Lt. Joseph C. McHenry
5. Occupants of aircr... Military Observer: C George, Muroc AAF
6. Number of objects:
7. Time of obs... on or about _____ hours, ____
8. Number of objects: 2 at first, 1 sometime later
9. Distance of object from observers:
10. Length of obs... /5
11. Altitude about 8000 ft.
12. Speed... 300 MPH
13. ...
14. Headed: ...
15. Tactic: ...
16. Sound: ... /5
17. Color: _ /5
18. Shape: disc-like or spherical
19. Odor detected: /5
20. Apparent construction... /5
21. Exhaust trails... /5
22. Weather condit... /5
23. Effort to signal... /5
24. Source of eval... /5
25. [Signature or indication of confidentiality]

Due to the eroded nature of this document, significant portions of the text are missing or unreadable, and no definitive translations can be provided. Please treat this transcription with caution, as it may contain inaccuracies.

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a photocopy of a document, and there are no photographs present within the image. The text is exceedingly faint and not fully legible, but I will transcribe as much as I can decipher:

"...off to Redmond Hill... object to ground which was too high...
...that Captain... could hear... object, which was still in sight...
...darker... direct his vehicle... square-shaped object...
...the object was... phone... insisted on classifying it...
...flying saucer... distance was... of about 1000 ft...
...objectionable... between 500 to 1000 ft altitude of about 1500 to...
...could hear a... sound and is positive that it was not...
... because..."

"In view of good visibility and the competence of the observer this..."

Evaluation: Confirmed by radar contact.

UNCLASSIFIED

Given the quality of the scan, the above transcription is incomplete and gaps have been indicated by ellipsis (...) where the text is illegible. The context suggests it is a part of a report discussing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting, including a mention of "flying saucer," and that radar contact appears to have been used for confirmation. The word "UNCLASSIFIED" is clearly visible at the bottom of the page.

- page 16 -

The image you provided is a heavily redacted and faded document. There is no photograph visible, but there are numerous text fields, many of which feature redacted content. Below is the OCR output of the text found in the document, where legible:

1. Date: 8 Jul 47
2. Time: 1600
3. Number...: [redacted]
4. Location: Muroc Army Air Field, Muroc, Calif
5. [redacted]
6. Name of observer: [redacted]
7. Occupation of observer: [redacted]
8. Address of observer: [redacted]
9. Place of observation: Ground, Muroc
10. Number of objects: 3 – two the first time 1 later
11. Distance of object from observer: 7/8
12. Time in sight: 7/15
13. Altitude: About 8000 FT
14. Speed: 300 to 400 MPH
15. Direction of flight: North-west to ward telegraph cove
16. Tactics: First maintained straight horizontal course then aft
performed a tight circle
17. Sound: None noises heard on phone such as would come from any
aircraft
18. Size: 1/5
19. Color: Silver
20. Shape: Disc
21. Odor detected: 7/15
22. Apparent construction: 7/15 [apparent] machine
23. Exhaust trails: 7/15
24. Weather conditions: Slight
25. Route to weather: 7/15
26. Remarks: 1 altitude by [redacted] the di[stance]
27. Remarks: [redacted] sketched by [redacted] together with 7/15

The nature of the actual content, where visible, suggests it could be part of a report describing a sighting of unidentified flying objects with specific details about the observation. The numbers written as fractions (such as 7/15, 7/8) may refer to handwritten notes in the margin or a specific coding or rating system that is not explained in the visible portion of the document. The heavy redactions obscure much of the personal and potentially sensitive information.

- page 17 -

The image displayed does not contain any discernible photographs. It appears to be a heavily obscured or degraded document, and much of the text is illegible due to the poor quality of the scan.

Due to the nature of the image, performing OCR to produce an output of all the text found in the document is not possible as the text is not clear enough to be accurately transcribed.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a poorly scanned document with very faint text and some markings. Due to the quality of the scan and the faintness of the text, it is not possible to accurately transcribe the contents of the document as it is illegible. The only discernible text is the date marked in the top right corner, "20 July 47." If there is a better quality image or more context provided, I could attempt to provide further assistance.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present on the page you have provided. The text in the document is quite faded and challenging to decipher entirely, but I will transcribe as much as I can discern:

```
UNCORR[ILLEGIBLE]        [ILLEGIBLE]/SECRET
[Illegible]
[Symbol or Letter]O [Illegible] July 47
[Illegible]
5[Illegible]
5X[Illegible]
BY [Illegible]
[Illegible]
[Illegible] B[Illegible]
CONDITIONS [Illegible]
C[Illegible] A [Illegible]
[Illegible]
[Illegible] offi[Illegible]
[Illegible]
October [Illegible]
ATE [Illegible]
[Illegible] 
[Illegible] L[Illegible]
NUMBER OF OBS[ILLEGIBLE]CTION
[Illegible]
MANEUVER [Illegible]
Objects moved [Illegible] [illegible]
One, distinct [Illegible] [Illegible]
Very high altitu[Illegible]
Fading distance [ILLEGIBLE]

[Illegible]                                                
```

Please note that the text is not complete and contains many illegible sections due to the quality of the scan and the faded condition of the document. If there are key sections you are interested in, having clearer images or scans may help in providing a more accurate transcription.

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs; it is a scanned page with text and redacted sections. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #757 — between Nova Scotia and Newfoundland — 20 July 1947

This incident and #765, which occurred in the same vicinity just three days apart, do not fit into the usual description pattern. In both cases, information about is poor, and in both cases the meteoric hypothesis cannot be completely ruled out, yet the objects could have been rockets or even freak natural streamers or brush discharge from ionized dust clouds. In any event, it seems unlikely, although it is not impossible, that the objects seen in this incident were meteors. The even spacing of the flashes argues strongly against the meteoric hypothesis.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 20 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

As an OCR system, here is the output of all text found in the document:

```
CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

1. Date 10 July 1947

2. Time 1700

3. Location Harmon Field, New Foundland

4. Name of observer 

5. Occupation of observer Pan American Airways

6. Address of observer Pan American Airways, Harmon Field, Newfoundland

7. Place of observation Between Harmon Field and Stephenville Crossing
                         coming over the hill

8. Number of objects 1

9. Distance of object from observer Not stated

10. Time in sight XXXXXXXXX Split Second

11. Altitude XXXXXXXXX Between 5000 to 10,000 Ft

12. Speed Normal rate

13. Direction of Flight North North East

14. Tactics Travelling horizontal

15. Sound Not stated

16. Size About the size of a 54 or a Constellation

17. Color Translucent

18. Shape Disk like a wheel

19. Odor detected Not Stated

20. Apparent construction disk

21. Exhaust trails Not Stated appears 15 to 20 miles Turn

22. Weather conditions Very clear and clouds very scattered

23. Effect on clouds Opposite the clouds as it went through the air.

24. Sketches or photographs none

25. Manner of disappearance 

26. Remarks: (OVER)
                                                      [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                      [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                      U-30776-A
```

The redactions and the illegible parts have been left as they appear in the document.

This text represents a standard reporting form used in the Project Blue Book investigations to document sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

- page 21 -

The image provided is a scanned document and does not contain a photograph; instead, it features two redacted sections that have been blacked out, preventing the visual content from being identified.

The visible text in the document is as follows:

"I did see one of the so called "flying disks" or other objects on
10 July at approximately 1700. we were coming back from a fishing trip, and
saw what I had between two cumulus clouds. This occurred over
a space between Walla Walla and the "trestro"/"trestle" over snake river.
The river was behind, it was very clear and the clouds were very scattered.
I did say the approximately altutude of the clouds was from 3000 to 10,000 feet.
The object appeared to be a translucent disk-like wheel traveling at a
terrific rate of speed and opened the clouds as it went through the air. The
disk was travelling horizontial. It appeared to be about the size of a 50 or
Centieilation. It cleared the clouds out abvout half mile. It cut a clear notch
right through one cloud. It left a trail dusky bluish in color similar to old
power lights. The trail was approximately 15 to 20 miles long."

Please note that certain words were difficult to decipher due to the scan quality, hence the uncertainty in transcription for words like "trestro"/"trestle".

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image.

As requested, here's the text contained in the document:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED
INTELLIGENCE OFFICE
1352nd AAF BASE UNIT (OSH) ADC
STEWART FIELD, NEWBURGH, NEW YORK
c/o Postmaster, New York, N. Y.

SUBJECT: Kodachrome Film of Flying Discs or Other Airborne Objects Trail.

TO: Commanding General,
Atlantic Division, ATC
Fort Totten, Long Island, N. Y.
ATTENTION: Lt. Col. James H. Brewster, Jr.
Assistant Chief of Staff, Intell.

1. Transmitted herewith three (3) rolls of Kodachrome Film belonging to [REDACTED] Pan American Airways.

2. Mr. [REDACTED] states that on one of the three (3) rolls there are two (2) pictures of a Flying Disc's or other airborne Object's trail, taken on 10 July 1947.

3. The Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Newfoundland Base Command directed that this film be transmitted to your Headquarters for processing and further disposition, and that T.I.C. have been dispatched giving further information from Headquarters, Newfoundland Base Command.

4. According to the statements of the observers, the object itself may not be on the film, but its trail, which is said to have been bluish black, or the object's effect on the cloud formations, will appear on the photographs.

5. Request that the rolls of film be returned to [REDACTED] after they have served their official purposes.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

WILLIAM H. SMITH
Captain, Air Corps
Intelligence Officer
```

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a document with text. Below is the text present in the document:

ROUTING AND REC☐D SHEET UNCLASSIFIAB☐AERIEL COMMAND
Use this form for inter-office correspondence. Use authorized office symbols to designate
addressee and addresses.
Place initials of dictator and typist, telephone
number and location to right of signature.
Use entire width of sheet, both sides. Number all comments consecutively. Separate comments by horizontal lines across page.

SUBJECT Pictures Taken ☐Incident #40
TO: C.1.0 FROM: W.T.A DATE 13 Feb 43 COMMENT NO. 1

1. Reference is made to AIC Weekly Intelligence Summary, dated 1 July 1947,
item 5, page 2, "Flying Objects", a copy of which is inclosed.

2. Referenced item states that Kodachrome pictures were taken of an unidentified
"Flying Object" by ☐ at Harmon Field, Newfoundland on 10 July 1947.

3. It is requested that the films or photographs be obtained for study. Also,
the inclosure should be returned for file.

N. C. LOEDING
Air Technical Assistant
Intelligence Division
DAY 25346
NIGHTS 65600 - 2144 - 11a

"If forwarded these pictures are due-
not in the group received forward
flying past #76"

UNCLASSIFIED

W-I14-16 JUNE 45 1 Mil

(CONTINUE ON OTHER SIDE)

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in the image you've provided; it is a text document.

Below is the text extracted from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

Extract from Weekly Intelligence Summary, AIC, 16 Jul 47

"FLYING OBJECTS REPORTS SUMMARY" The following is a digest of the only current reports that have been received through the Intelligence system of this Command concerning unidentified flying objects. On 10 June 1947, rumors were drifting into Budapest from rural areas in Hungary to the effect that "silver balls were flashing across the sky in a train." No accurate description or information of this report was obtained. A Newfoundland constable named ------ has reported to personnel of the 1300th AAF Base Unit, ATC, Newfoundland Base Command, how approximately 1300 hours local time (1200Z), he observed for a few seconds that one shiny object moving through the clouds followed by minutes later by a similar formation passed above the colored discs "in formation of three sails, very fast, and parallel to the ground, at an oblique course to the wind." The first four were in trail formation. The constable described the shape of these objects as being like "barrels on the edges" with "no pips on the top soil" but "leaving no smoke trail". The Newfoundland Saga Command reports also mentions a second unidentified observer of these objects, who described them as being "barrel-lead" in shape. A check of weather records reveals that CAP weather three-meal-in-the-day dispelling reports at the time these objects were reported as being seen.

------

Aircraft Control and Warning Officer for the defense area at Harmon Field, Newfoundland, reports that his radar lines and both stationed at Harmon Field, Newfoundland, report for Pan American Airways, both stationed at Harmon Field, Newfoundland, reports that on 10 July at l730 hours local time (2000Z), they observed over the installation a silver or aluminum wheel-shaped disc of sliver color which, at an estimated altitude of 10,000 feet, appeared to be of a size of a T-6 during the time of the observation "conditions on the weather map as reported by the weather station at Gander, distant occurred was clear with scattered cumulus clouds at an altitude of from eight to ten thousand feet. The sea was from reports that the disc was first sighted when it appeared about six miles SSW of Harmon: the two observers report that the disc seemed to "buffet on the water or sea, swerve onto an NW course leaving a "bluish black trail approximately fifteen miles long" which is described as similar in appearance to the beam seen for an instant after a high powered land-base light or searchlight had been switched off. Personnel of the Weather Reporting Unit, AOC, Harmon Field, observe no weather phenomena and state all air and sea traffic off the state that kodachrome pictures were taken of the WoodAFC's are now being developed, probably by Eastman Rochester, New York, and that ------ will forward the prints "as soon as received." On 11 July 1947, Col ------ and Major ---- of the 59th Airways and Air Communications Service Group, Elmendorf Field, Anchorage, observed an object resembling "a luminum colored balloon about 3 feet [1 diameter?" traveling at an estimated altitude "at a great speed" in a NW direction, ascending out of sight. On 12 July at 0830 hours local time (0400Z), Major ------ reported a similar unidentified object Aiding 0 degrees out of Wien Lake, Department of Seventh Army in valley some unidentified personnel of the military at Elmendorf Field, approximating 1700 following the contour of the mountains fifty miles away, "the object" was reported as "shining at an hour speed of 1500 miles an hour at times and at others only 200 miles per hour paralleling the courses the shore of Lake Wien 10 feet over water". 

A-2 Section, Alaskan Command in a summary other ------ summary item based on reports emanating from -----

---

- page 25 -

The image does not contain a photograph but seems to consist of text with some parts obliterated by heavy redaction marks.

Here is the text visible in the document:

"Observed from a bedroom window as a blob of light crossing at very high
speed estimated by observer at approx 1350 MPH. In color, the object
had the appearance of a reflected white light, a cool bright white light with
no red in it. like the moon on a clear night."

- page 26 -

The image provided is of a text document and does not contain any photographs. Below is the text contained in the document:

---
than to point out that these **Hungarian rumors were recorded fifteen days prior to the first times Flying objects, commonly called "saucers", were reported over various areas of the Zone of Interior, If it is anything known at this time this would rid one to believe the later reports, confirm earlier
criptions briefly presented in the Newfoundland reports. The brief texts gives rise to obvious doubts and questions that can be clarified only by an evaluation and further interrogation of the sources from whence these reports were derived. However, an analysis of the two radios that reported the Gander's sitings have led this Intelligence Officers of this Headquarters to point that the following considerations; It is very difficult to judge the size, speed and altitude of an object viewed at the reported distances of 12 miles. The actual size would just glimpse objects and to transmitted by planes in this regard it is noted that it is standard operating procedure for weather stations to release balloons every six hours daily - at 0400, 1000, 1500Z and 2200Z. It is pointed out that this release sighting approximates the time which hours of these daily pie ball is released. It is also pointed out that in the atmosphere, it is believed to be not uncommon for surface wind and winds at an altitude of 10000 feet or more to move in opposite directions.
Classification: UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED
--- 

*Note: The text in the document is partially unclear, and some words are followed by guesses indicated with [brackets] or are considered illegible due to the quality of the source document. I have transcribed the readable parts to the best of my ability.

- page 27 -

There are no photographs present in the document.

The text in the document is as follows:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS (Name) (Rank) (gb/sate)
Newfoundland Base Command, AAF, APO 862, c/o Postmaster, New York, N. Y.

28 July 1947

SUBJECT: Letter of Transmittal.

TO: Commanding General,
Atlantic Division, APO,
Fort Totten, Long Island, N. Y.
(ATTENTION: AC/S, Intelligence)

1. Transmitted herewith, as inclosures 1, 2 and 3, are Final
Reports of Sightings of "flying saucers" in Newfoundland and vicinity
listed as follows:

Final Report of Sighting: - 20002, 10 July 1947
" " " - 00032, 11 July 1947
" " " - 00152, 20 July 1947

2. Reference TWX = EN 18469, this headquarters, dated 121730Z
July 1947, regarding sightings of "flying saucers" by Constable
Newfoundland Constabulary, at Grand Falls, Newfoundland, on
the night of 9 July 1947, attached herewith, inclosure 4, is signed
statement of this sighting by Constable [REDACTED].

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

[Signature]
MARION C. MILLER
Captain, Air Corps,
AC/S, Intelligence.

4 Incl:
1. Final Rpt of Sighting, 10 Jul 47
2. " " " " 11 Jul 47
3. " " " " 20 Jul 47
4. Signed Statement - Const. [REDACTED]

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWN TO BOTTOM INVESI DECLASSIFIED
NS SSIFICATIO 
```

- page 28 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided.

Here is the text present in the image:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE DIV/FION LTRC, SUBJECT 20002 10 JULY 1947, OVER 
LANGER FIELD, DAYTON, OHIO, AT APPROXIMATELY 1030 CST, OBJECT 
WHICH NORTH HEAD PD WARREN'S CLAIM WAS ESTIMATED CIRCULAR AT 8-10000 FEET
PD CHARLES. SILVERY PD DISC WAS FIRST SIGHTED ABOUT 5 MILES SOUTH SOUTH 
WEST FROM FAIRBORN FIELD BY PD WAS REPRESENATED AND 
PD REPRESENTATIVE PD DISC APPEARED ABOVE THE SAME SPAN AS 
O-54 AT 10000 FEEST, WAS CIRCULAR IN SHAPE LIKE TAUCER TYPE, DISC
FAILED TO OUT THE CLOUDS OPEN AS IT PASSED THRU AND LEFT A SLIGHT BLACK 
TRAIL APPROXIMATELY FIFTEEN MILES LONG PD TRAIL WAS SIMILAR TO THE
TRAIL WHICH APPEARS AFTER A FLASH BURNS OUT OF WHICH LIGHT REFLECTED
IF PD KODACHROME PICTURES WERE TAKEN AND ARE BEING DEVELOPED STATE
SLIDES FR PHOTOS WILL BE FURNISHED AS SOON AS THEY ARE RECEIVED IN 
THIS HD

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that there are sections of the text that are redacted, denoted by the blacked-out portions, and this causes some sentences to be incomplete or their meaning unclear. Parts of the text are also cut off at the edge of the page, further contributing to the difficulty of deciphering the exact contents.

- page 29 -

There are no photographs present on this page, only text and redacted/blackened out sections.

The readable text from the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #2, 2a -- [REDACTED], California -- 8 July 1947

No astronomical explanation is possible for this incident.

The object's slow speed and apparent size suggest aircraft under unusual flight conditions, but the factors against this interpretation.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

There are no photographs present in this image. It is a textual document. Below, is the text as it appears in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

TS/AD/TSIDIN

Transmittal of Reports of Investigation

Commanding General
Army Air Forces
Washington 25, D. C.

ATTN: AC/AS-2
Colonel Roberts Taylor III

1. Transmitted herewith are two copies of a report on an
investigation conducted at Harmon Field, Newfoundland, by Colonel
H. S. Clingerman and Lb. Colonel I. S. Powell of this Command. This
investigation was accomplished in compliance with a verbal request
from General Schulgen at AC/AS-2 to Colonel H. H. McCoy of Head-
quarters, Air Material Command.

2. This letter may be declassified upon removal of the attach-
ed report, in accordance with paragraph 9b, AR 380-5.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

Encl:
Rpts of investigation
w/acols, (in dup)

U. S. NOYOT
Colonel, Air Corps
Deputy Commanding General
Intelligence (I-2)

RING FILE 26

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the quality of the scanned document, some words or characters may not be entirely clear.

- page 30 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"UNCLASSIFIED
TWXAD/RMG/ALF

Submission of Reports

Commanding General
Newfoundland Base Command
Fort Pepperrell, Newfoundland
APO 862 c/o Postmaster
New York, New York

1. In compliance with Letter Orders No. L47530 dated 30 July 1947, Headquarters Air Material Command, Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio, copy of which is attached, there is herewith submitted for your information a copy of the report which was made as a result of the investigation directed by the attached order. Due to the exigencies of the situation and the short period of time involved, it was not practical to write the report while at Harmon Field.

2. Colonel William P. Sloan, the Commanding Officer of Harmon Field, was most cooperative and assisted the investigating officers with every means at his disposal, which contributed in no small manner to the successful conclusion of the investigation.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

2 Incls.
By ltr dtd. 8/2/47
By L.O. L47530 7/30/47
E. E. McCoy
Colonel, Air Corps
Deputy Commanding General
Intelligence (T-2)

1 INC FILE- 2b"

Please note that some parts of the text are not completely legible due to the quality of the document scan.

- page 31 -

The image displays a page from a document with text. There is no photograph present on this page. 

The text from the document is as follows:

```
1. Org.         125th AAF BU, ATC, AADC, ATC, Harmon Field, Newfoundland.
2. Sighting     Flying Disc or other airborne object.
3. Place        Approx six (6) miles SSW of Harmon Field.
4. Time         2200/10 July 1947
5. Altitude     10, 000 ft.
6. Weather      Clear, Scattered cumulus 8 - 10, 000 ft.
7. Heading      NNE on horizontal course.
8. Speed        Very high velocity.
9. Shape & Size: Circular like a wheel, estimated to be same size as a C-54
                 as seen from 10,000 ft.
10. Color       Translucent or Silvery, left a bluish black trail approx 
                 15 miles long.
11. Photograph: Ship shots of the trail.
12. Reported By: Mr. ----------------- and Mr. A. T. ---------------
                 PAA mechanic; said Mr. T. A. --------------------
                 the above facts to the Intelligence officer on 15 July 1947.
                 A Flash report was filed and; A heron copy forwarded
                 General, Iq. AC/AS, Intell., Asst. Chiefs of Staff, Intelligence.
                 Info copies: Com and Gen staffs ATC and SFC. No rec
                 No copies: Con and Gen staffs ATC and SFC. No rec
13. General     Stephenville Crossing to Harmon Field are the sites of the
                 sighting.
                 Stephenville Crossing is the first to see the Disc, it
                 appeared to rent or split the clouds thru which it passed
                 and left a Bluish Black trail approx. fifteen (15) miles
                 long behind it. The trail was similar to the afterglow of
                 a powerful landing light or search light being after it is
                 suddenly switched off. The object maintained a straight and
                 horizontal course according to Mr. -------------- and turned 
                 on a horizontal plane appeared to be on a presetted course 
                 North Northeast. Mr. Leidy says he took two (2) Kodachrome
                 photographs of the trail. The film has been transmitted 
                 to the Asst. Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Newfoundland
                 Base Command for processing.
                 
                 --------------------
                 CAPT.
                 Intelligence Officer
                 
--------------------------------(blacked out)--------------------------------
UNCLASSIFIED                 (Blacked out section)           UNCLASSIFIED

                                                                      Speci 1
```

Please note that parts of the text are redacted or illegible due to blacking out or poor quality of the image. The text within the dashed lines is consistent with that found in typical declassified government documents related to unidentified flying objects, especially from the era of Project Blue Book which was a series of systematic studies of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force.

- page 32 -

There are no photographs on this page. The text on the page reads:

This Case Includes
Four (4) 8"x10" prints.

- page 33 -

There are no photographs in this image. The image appears to be a scan of a map or chart with annotated text, lines, and markings. Below is the transcription of the text found on the document:

---

00 10 W
51 53 N

Lose in C[ILLEGIBLE]
Climb to 17[ILLEGIBLE]
00.04
(190[ILLEGIBLE])
085[ILLEGIBLE]
Bovingdon

Climb to [ILLEGIBLE]
00.0[ILLEGIBLE]

Luton

Climb [ILLEGIBLE]
Direction 17[ILLEGIBLE]
Speed Acceleration
0[ILLEGIBLE] mph
Slow to 210 mph

St.Albans

Hatfield

00 10 W
51 49 N

Uxbridge

Heston

CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

G.S.C.S. 4159
Scale: Half-Inch to One Statute Mile = 1/126720

---

Please note that the text is not completely legible, and thus some parts of it contain [ILLEGIBLE] where the text cannot be discerned accurately.

- page 34 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a report which includes a simple line drawing or track plot, rather than a photograph. Due to the quality of the scan, the text is difficult to read, blurred, and some parts are virtually illegible. There are some annotations and markers that suggest a route or trajectory, and a small inset with a plotted line and two points labeled "1" and "2" with times noted next to them. Here is an attempt to transcribe the visible and legible text, but please note that some parts may not be accurately captured due to the poor quality of the image:

```
[ILLEGIBLE MARKINGS]

...000' [Arrow indicating upwards trajectory?]
...ILES
...2000'...
...1000'...
[Rest of the text along the trajectory is illegible]

[In the Inset]
Contact #2
Time 1032

[Along the bottom part of the image]
UNCLAS [Presumably short for 'UNCLASSIFIED']
```

Unfortunately, many details are illegible in the provided scan, making a complete and accurate transcription difficult.

- page 35 -

The image shows a single photograph that appears to be rather unclear due to its quality. It seems to depict a trail of some kind, like a contrail or a streak, possibly in the sky, which is consistent with the kind of evidence typically associated with UFO sightings. The photo is of poor resolution and contrast, making it difficult to discern any detailed features.

Since the image is poor in quality and there seems to be no legible text, I am unable to provide an actual text output of this document as it would with clear, readable content. If there is text in the image, it is not discernible.

- page 36 -

The image appears to be a scanned photocopy of a page from a document, and it is of very poor quality, making details hard to discern. The top part contains text, but it is not very legible due to the quality and darkness of the image. There are no clear photographs that can be distinctly identified as such due to the poor resolution and quality of the scan.

Attempting to produce an OCR of the visible text yields the following, although due to the poor quality and legibility, it may not be entirely accurate:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR
25 JUL 1947

MEMORANDUM TO: ACG/AS-2 Counter Intelligence Branch

Information contained herein, and opinion or conclusions based
upon conversational data had subsequent by [REDACTED] of your office, pertains to certain phenomena connected with recent [REDACTED] of
flying saucers.

Approximately three weeks ago on or about 7 July 1947
[REDACTED] appears to be round size of 250 to 300 ft. [...] motion with
three objects of [UNKNOWN] size at [LOCATION] Virginia, with [...] instructions to [...]
shown the corner layout of the room occupied [...]
Illustration No. 1.
```

Please note that due to the heavy redactions and the poor quality of the image, much of the text could not be read with certainty, and some words or phrases have been indicated with placeholders like [REDACTED] or [UNKNOWN].

- page 37 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document with handwritten text and some typed text. Here's the transcription of all the legible text found in the document:

Made by Nor.
lend of period by
Col. Clingerman and
Hd. Qd. E.G. Fahrrell
A. order 9478350 dated 3-08/47

Clamra Camera
5" omr F-2 lens.
original can a 16 code name afprocen...

UNCLASSIFIED

Please note that some words are partially obscured or illegible, which has been indicated by "..." in the transcription.

- page 38 -

There is no photograph presented on this page of the document. Below is the text as if processed by OCR:

---
Negative By Mjr. [REDACTED] - Clamar Camera
5"mm F.-2 lens.
Original from a Kodachroner
frame

Photo is part of
photo by of[unclear] Col. Clingerman
and Lt. Col E.G. Metzell.
L. Order #71350 dated 30 July/47

UNCLASSIFIED
---

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As requested, here is the transcription of the text from the document:

```
ARMY AIR FORCES
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT CHIEF OF STAFF, A-2
Intelligence

Hamilton Field, California

TITLE: Investigation of Flying Disc.

FILE NO. 200-203-

DATE 3 August 1947.

INVESTIGATION MADE AT Muroc Army Airfield, California

CONTROLLING OFFICE Air Defense Command, Mitchel Field,
PERSON RESPONSIBLE ------dtd 3 Aug, 1947.
CASE CLASSIFICATION Pending
STATUS OF CASE Pending

REASON FOR INVESTIGATION: Investigation initiated at request of Air Defense Command reference ltr Hq ADC, dtd 7 Jul 47, file D333.5 ID, subj Investigation of Flying Disc.

SYNOPSIS:

On 8 July 1947, approximately 1000 hours, two incidents occurred in the vicinity of Muroc Flight Test Base.

No further investigation of these incidents is being considered by this headquarters.

DISTRIBUTION      COPIES       APPROVED:
AF                  2           
AC/AS               1         DONALD L. SPRINGER, Lt. Col., AC
                 (Intelligence) 
6th Army            1           AG 333.5, dtd
PAL                 2           10 Oct 45, ltr5
PAC                 1
4th AF              1

UNCENSORED

T.D. 2-5-224, O.D. Form No. 110
(This form supersedes A. R. No. 5, Form No. 19, which
will not be used upon receipt of this revision)
```

- page 4 -

The photograph shows what appears to be an image taken from the ground looking up towards the sky. There is a clear depiction of an airplane in the center, with its wings spread wide and a tail visible. Below and to the left of the airplane, there is a smaller, darker shape that could be another aircraft, but it is significantly less clear than the main plane in the center. The photograph is very grainy, and there are artifacts that may either be on the original photograph or the result of the scanning process. The rest of the image includes various blotches and scratches. There is no text within the image itself.

Unfortunately, since there is no visible text within the image other than what might be grain or artifacts, I cannot provide OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output for this particular document page. If there's any text outside the bounds of the image you have provided, I would not be able to see or transcribe it.

- page 40 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, with most of the text being faint or obscured. Here's the text that is legible from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
    
DATE 20 JUL 47
Nr. 270
LOCATION SE of Fairfield Suisun (Ham.)
SOURCE DX Sigint Comm. Lt..
DATE T/O [TO AIR]
TIME ON NAV. Orig. 0945 dst
SHAPE circular
SIZE Difficult 30" front <--> rear
STRUCTURE 
COLOR silv
RAD. INTERF.  
RO, [REMOVED]              
NOISE Slight whistling increasing in volume to a loud roar
PROPELLANTS 
REMARKS
Teletype ATEC Form 329
(Re. Jan 52)
NO PHOTO IN FILE
                         
UNCLASSIFIED
```

Due to the document's age and quality, some parts of the text are illegible, and others are redacted.

- page 41 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided. Here is the text as recognized from the document:

---

to see a "Unidentified Object" mystery 
"The report of what is believed to be the largest 
saucer over observed is revealed to the Airline 
Flying Saucer Bureau from Nairobi, East Africa. 
Eye witness, Mrs. A. M. King of P.O. Box 4122 
Nairobi writes:

"...Mr. Kinsey at the end of june- Cargo 
to S.S. Aandderay Castle on route to Cap-
town, and going through the Suez with on 
board about sixty passengers of various out- 
going and incoming flights stopped at 
12 pm. when we observed a particularly bright 
star. It was traveling very fast and approached 
the ship, suddenly a very bright appeared which 
flashed a strong beam of light on the water within 
2 yards to the ship. It described its nearest 
shortening, and became lighter again than 
the water and the next instant there was no more 
light, but an object appeared apparently made 
of steel and shaped like a cigar cut at the three 
end. It remained in the air about 25 ft. above the 
sea engulfed in the blaze and then rolled, end 
turning in the same direction.

"Causing a halo of speed, after a second or 
two the whole ship disappeared with a 
sound, from four flaring tongues flames which 
shot out to almost half the length of the object. 
It appeared that inside the hot substance there 
must have burned three times, but still we could 
bear no noise from the flames. No windows could 
be seen, only a band of metal around the entire 
thing, which, if it has been an airplane engraft-
ing, would have been certainly situated.

"The object was very large, about four times 
the length of the Aandderay Castle, and at a 
rough guess about four times as high.

"We had a wonderful view, but in a few 
seconds, it disappeared. No light was still on 
when darkness. It made very smart recovery up-
ward as it rose. For a while we thought we were 
the only ones on deck at that time...., but walk-
ing by the prow of the ship we saw the same siz-
zling star's effects were still a few Sundays on the 
the spray of whom had seen the same thing 
Whether it is recorded in the ship's log...

The story I related to my husband and 
friends, but without them showing any enthus-
iasm. I let the matter drop, and to my surprize 
read later of Captain Bicknell's experience over 
Mount Kilimanjaro in 1954, and saw to some 
shape an illustration of what I had seen and 
drawn previously for my husband and several 
friends.

"... Mr. Eogus does not shape recognized with 
notes of the object seen by Captain Bicknell and 
drawn over Mt. Kilimanjaro in February, 1951, 
but only probable differences belie a truth as 
there were peripheral shapes not possessed over the 
subject as Bicknell object: nor did it possess any 
seems that the seido enforcing band about its 
middle. The Bicknell object had several bands
---

Please note that due to the quality of the scan, there are several typos and words that are not clear or incomplete. Therefore, some parts of the transcription might not be accurate or complete.

- page 42 -

The image you've provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten page with several redacted parts. Here is the text from the document:

```
UNIDENTIFIED                25 JUN...., 1947 INCIDENTS
  
TIME     DATE        LOCATION          OBSERVER           EVALUATION
----     ----        --------          --------           ----------

        AUG
53       3 aug      Milan, Italy (C-2536113)     Civilian        Insufficient Data
                    Danforth, Illinois                            Weather (Balloon)
53       3 aug      Hackensack, New Jersey                        Insufficient Data
        4           Boston, Massachusetts                         Astro (Sun Dog)
        6           Bethel, Alaska                                A/C
56,70    6           Ephrata, Wash.                              A/C (Meteor)
70       7           Haver[REDACTED] Pennsylvania                   Astro (Meteor)
75       13          [REDACTED], Ohio                             Astro 
75       13          Salmon, Echo                                 A/C
67       13          Twin Falls, [REDACTED]                     Insufficient Data
135      14          S. Placerville, California                  A/C (Meteor)
67       15-20       Denver, Colo.                               Weather (Balloon)
64                   Twin Falls, Idaho                           Chair (Swedes)
64                   Late Aug            [REDACTED][REDACTED]  [REDACTED]False Targets
                    [REDACTED] 
                    [REDACTED]
        11 Aug       St. Louis, Missouri                         None

        SEPT.
51       3           Oswego, Oregon                              UNIDENTIFIED-
51,62    6           Logan, Utah                                 Other (Birds)
57       10          Pacific Ocean (Itinerary II.)               Other (Balloon)
72       17          Ft. Richardson, Alaska                     Army Officer
12       27          [REDACTED] Alaska                           Astro (Meteor)-
                    Toronto, Canada                               Other (-None-)
                    
[REDACTED]

177      Oct         San Francisco, California                   Not stated          Insufficient Data
                    Hollywood, [REDACTED] California             Civilian            UNIDENTIFIED
71       6 or 9      Las Vegas, Nev.                             [REDACTED] Good(sic)+]
        12          Lincoln                                     Astro (Meteor)-
        13          [REDACTED], Minnesota                       Astro (Meteor)-
37       14          Dayton, Ohio                                Civilian            UNIDENTIFIED-
37       20          Dayton, Ohio                                Civilian            A/C
27       20          Xenia, Ohio                                 None                None

[REDACTED]

        NOV.
2                    Houston, Texas                              None                A/C (Meteor)
3                    El Paso, [REDACTED]                         [REDACTED]
4                    L. A. - San Diego, Calif                    [REDACTED]
        15-17        [REDACTED]                                  [REDACTED] 

[REDACTED SECTION AT THE BOTTOM OF THE PAGE]
```

Due to the redactions, some of the information is obscured.

- page 43 -

The image provided is a scanned page from a document, and there is no photograph present. It is a text-based page with some stains and artifacts typical of old documents. Below is the text as it appears on the document:

---
c. Although I could not accurately judge the size, I-ecco_
nect the object as light and matallic [or] a couple telephone
bells, or the Liberty Bells, or slightly bigger. As it appeared
small the louder it went until applying the object through binver_
culars could compute its size I yelled, "It's a kite!" Then, as I
thorougly appeared more with the real asset of 1130 m nswer
and not the real asset until the real nose hovered straight ne
its now definite straight flight course while I observed it I did not
see it drop any low altitude.

d. I color, the object had the appearance of a "floating white
light" its oval, bright white light with no red lights like the mo-on on
black night. There was no star visible ton or in the area it descended
floor, or perhaps the mountains of cloud cloud, and our chaincode
through record of the bullettin in the chain could compute the cloud
consideration us cloud late had the object to be in motion my binoc
ulars ... to reckon on Rotating forecasts or to ... its satellite
motion uneven order that the bullets is uncertainly ... to, as
cont ... It is most have been impossible to see it near. I do not
personally remember the weather condition that the U.S. weather vis-
not blinking.

e. Although the time of this occurence, since not inclined to think of
it serious enough to note by Mr. Tim decide to later, on by my
memoirs, I mention several A.A.F. Aircraft ... thought conditions
from ... scientific glimpse I had as witness ... not correctly but
combined just in that it was come ... phenomenons can be but
surely the terms eyes provide too ... our cloud and our camera
more ... have come up until ... then appear to reflection of service,
only that can't a ... ... no manforce looks. (a) It is ..., but .. I did no
... above the cloudbase, & (I) could hardly have been opposite on
... since he would have lost stand in ... to spot ... last including
... not entering ... craft of ... imagine tion and (n) ... not quote time,
with ... at one place.
---

The text is fragmented and difficult to understand, likely due to the poor quality of the original document and the subsequent scanning process, which might have affected legibility. Some parts are illegible or cut off from the edges of the page.

- page 44 -

There is no photograph present in the image you provided. The document appears to be a typed checklist from Project Blue Book regarding an unidentified flying object sighting. Here is the text present in the document:

```
CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS                            Incident # 2a

1. Date 8 July 1947

2. Time Approximately noon

3. Location Muroc Army Air Field, Muroc, California.

4. Name of observer Col Gilkey to Capt Black

5. Occupation of observer Commanding Officer, Muroc Army air Field, Calif.

6. Address of observer Muroc AAF, Muroc, California.

7. Place of observation Ground

8. Number of objects one (1)

9. Distance of object from observer not stated

10. Time in sight not stated

11. Altitude not stated

12. Speed not stated

13. Direction of flight not stated

14. TacticsThe object Col Gilkey saw he stated he believed at the time to be
paper and of no significance or the object not important enough to be rep-
orted.
SOUND not stated
15. Size not stated

16. Color not stated

17. Shape not stated

18. Odor detected not stated

19. Apparent construction

20. Exhaust trails not stated

21. Weather conditions not stated

22. Effect on clouds not stated

23. Sketches or photographs none

24. Manner of disappearance not stated         UNCLASSIFIED

25. Remarks: The following is a statement given orally by Colonel Gilkey,
to Captain Harry D. Black, Intelligence officer on 11 August 1947.
Colonel Gilkey, stated that the object he saw, he believed at the time to be
paper and of no significance or the object not important enough to be repor-
ted similar clearance through channels, Task accumulation.
```

Please note that the original document includes some words that are partially cut off or illegible due to the quality of the scan or the age of the document. I have tried to reproduce the text as accurately as possible based on what is visible in the image.

- page 5 -

The image you have provided does not contain any photographs.

As an OCR system, I would output the text as follows:

```
CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS           Incident # 2.

1. Date 8 July 1947

2. Time Approximately noon

3. Location Muroc Army Air Field, Muroc, California.

4. Name of observer Major Richard R. Shoop

5. Occupation of observer Employed in Office of Chief of Tech. Engineering Div
                                        Major -

6. Address of observer Muroc Army Air Field, Muroc, California.

7. Place of observation Ground

8. Number of objects One (1)

9. Distance of object from observer Five (5) to eight (6) miles.

10. Time in sight Eight (5) minutes

11. Altitude Fairly high altitude

12. Speed Slowly

13. Direction of flight North

14. The object moved from an intermediate altitude in an oscillating 
Tactics fashion, almost to the surface of the ground and then started
climbing again.

15. Sound not stated

16. Size pursuit airplane

17. Color aluminum colored surface

18. Shape unconventional shape

19. Odor detected not stated

20. Apparent construction apparently metallic

21. Exhaust trails not stated

22. Weather conditions not stated                    UNCLASSIFIED

23. Effect on clouds not stated

24. Sketches or photographs none

25. Manner of disappearance moved off slowly in the distance

26. Remarks: At approximately noon on 8 Jul 1947, Major Shoop, the
attention of Col. Gilkey, observed five (5) to eight (6) miles to the north
what appeared to be a thin metallic object. It appeared to be metallic
because the method in which it was flying, the sun was reflected from an
apparently aluminum colored surface.
```

Please note that some numbers in the text seem inconsistent, such as "Eight (5) minutes" for the time in sight and "five (5) to eight (6) miles" for the distance, which may be the result of errors in the original document or during the scanning process.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a photocopy of a typed document. Here is the text from the document:

```
2/Ltr from A/C
dtd 5 Jan l949  
Subj: Project  
"SIGN"  

1st Ind         21 Jan 1949

HZAQRS, AIR WEATHER SERVICE Andrews Air Forc Base, Wash-
ington 25, D. C.

TO: Commanding General, Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson  
Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio  
ATTN: MCIAO

Investigations by this headquarters reveal that a synoptic 
weather balloon could have been at the location where sightings 
were reported in the following incidents. In compiling this  
list consideration was given to the wind direction and speed at 
the surface and aloft at the scheduled time of balloon release, and 
the location of the nearest weather station making balloon obser-
vations. 

   2       52        91       126
   3       72        93       145
   4       73        95       155
  25       78       105       166
  23       81       113       169
  36       87       115       172

                          FOR THE CHIEF AIR WEATHER SERVICE
-------------------------------------------------------------
2 Incls.                                  /s/ H. A. West
n/a                                         H. A. WEST
                                            Lt. Col., USAF
                                            Adjutant General
```

- page 7 -

The image provided is extremely faded and blurry, which makes it quite challenging to discern any distinct details. There is no photograph within the image; it appears to be a page of text or a form with lines and some handwritten annotations. Due to the poor quality and lack of clear text, I am unable to provide a transcription or accurately reproduce any text from the document.

- page 8 -

There are no photographs present in the document image provided.

The text of the document reads as follows:

With 12[XX] incidents thus eliminated, there remain thirty-four 
which contain some evidence but have no apparent reasonable explanation.
This statement is true only under the assumption that the evidence is
accepted as reliable and accurate. When psychological and physio-
logical factors are taken into consideration, all of these incidents 
can be explained rationally, as pointed out by Rand Corporation and
in. Fitts of Air Materiel Command Aero-Medical Laboratory (See Appendixes
"E" and "G").

Air Material Command Aero-medical Laboratory (Dr. Paul M. Fitts
212 Incidents considered)

There are sufficient psychological explanations for the reports of 
unidentified flying objects to provide plausible explanations for re-
ports not otherwise explainable. Those errors in identifying real
stimuli result chiefly from inability to estimate speed, distance, and 
size.

All of the remaining 34 incidents are treated in detail in this
report. These incidents form no pattern in regard to area of sighting,
type of object, or manner of operation. The reported details of si-ze,
color, that some sightings were influenced by earlier reports, and 
probably would not have been considered unusual or reported had there
been no publicity.

APPENDIX I

Project Grudge

Summary of AMC Evaluation of Remaining Reports

VII. Summary of A/C Evaluation of Remaining Reports

The remaining unexplained incidents (see Appendix "III") exhibited
few common characteristics. Two of them, by statements of the reporters,
would not have been made if the witnesses not read of the Mt. Rainier
incident (Incident No. 17). Most were distributed without pattern
throughout the United States. A few were outside the U. S. Two
descriptions of appearance or performance were exactly alike. The re-
ported sightings occurred at various times of day and year.

APPENDIX I

In the following section of this report, each remaining unexplained
incident is considered separately. It is not the intent to generally discredit
the character of observers, but the case has undesirable elements, and those
cannot be disregarded. The numerical designation is merely the categorical
order of the incident in the project files.

(..) 10, 17, 21, 29, 35, 37, 40, 51, 58, 62, 64, 68, 71, 75, 76, 77, 79, 84,
111, 122, 134, 135, 151, 152, 154, 162, 163, 176, 133, 136, 193, 207, 215, 236.

The text in the image is somewhat blurry and faded, making some parts difficult to read (indicated by [XX] or ellipses), but this is a transcription of the legible content.

- page 9 -

