The image you provided appears to be a scanned page from an old document and does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form with text, some of which is legible, while other parts are faded or obscured. Here's the text that can be discerned from the document, which seems to be a report of some kind:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

                                                         Incident #71

DATE: 8 or 9 Oct 47
LOCATION: Las Vegas, Nevada
SOURCE: Ex AF Pilot and others

SPEED: 1700-1800 mph
ALTITUDE: -
COURSE: East-circled to west
LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED: -
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: visual ground

NO. IN GROUP: 1
FREQUENCY: none
REMARKS: 

Temporary ATIC Form 329
{2 Jan 52}

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Due to the quality of the scan, parts of the text are not fully legible, and some information is incomplete. The document refers to an incident involving an object with a vapor trail observed by an ex-Air Force pilot and others in the Las Vegas area on October 8 or 9, 1947, and appears to be related to Project Blue Book, a series of studies on UFOs conducted by the United States Air Force.

- page 1 -

There are no photographs present in this document page.

Text from the document:

---
which with full indications thus eliminated, there remain thirty-four
which contain some evidence but have no apparent ready explanation
that evidence is true only under thin assumption that the evidence
is good as initially and currently was psychologically, and physio-
logically (laboratory work) into consideration, all of these limited
cases stand tentatively as unsolved by even the Co-ordinator
and his staff of natural scientist here....Dr. LaPaz as example (see
T/I - 70).

III. The Air Force and Navy's official commentary....Film
(2 incidents: unenhanced)

There are not sufficient psychological explanations for this 
unidentified flying objects to provide plausible deniability.
Reports reveal minimal plausible physical or aerial objects. There
a small profile of activity from which to establish a trend, duration,
and point of return for probability for aerial targets, i.e.,
flares.

All of the remaining 37 incidents are treated in detail as text
appears to be indications of no pattern in regard to area of acti-
vity of object, order of each individual. There are incidents of the
year, that is sightings were influenced by earlier reports,
probably "copy-cat" that have been exceptional visual or magnetic
and/or no public study.

...

Projects crew(3)
Isolated by Evaluation of Dr. Valley

VII. Summary of AAF Evaluation of September Reports

The remaining unexplained incidents (see Appendix B ) are
a common characteristics. Two or thirty-seven are so general
could not have been made had the witnesses not read of disc's.

events (...thru' No. 17). Those were distributed without pattern
throughout the United States. A few were outside the U.S. No two
descriptions correspond or pertainance were exactly alike. Time
and dates varied as well as atmospheric of City and year.

...

In the following section of this report, each remaining unco-
and then is concluded separately. It is not the intent to general-
ize the case of observing, in each case has unidentifiable elem-
ents below the reduced form and designation is anyway as each
case of the incidents are reported.

17, 21, 28, 35, 37, 40, 54, 58, 63, 64, ( 68, ) 73, 75, 76, 77, 78, 85,
111, 122, 124, 135, 141, 152, 154, 162, 159, 173, 183, 186, 203, 227, 254, ...

---

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a scanned document with text. Here's the transcription of the text:

```
Incident No. 71 - 8 or 9 October 1947, daytime, Las Vegas, Nevada.
An Air Force Reserve pilot reported observing a trail appearing high in
the sky at an estimated speed of 1000-1800 MPH. The object producing the
trail was not visible. The trail was white as a cloud, and dissipated in
fifteen to twenty minutes. The object proceeded in a straight line, then
it made an approximately 150° turn of radius five to fifteen miles, and
proceeded away toward the direction of first appearance. The weather was
described as "almost cloudless."

AIC Opinion: It is difficult to understand why this individual attached
any importance to this sighting, and why he did not conclude that the trail
was caused by exactly what it appears to have been; that is, an ordinary air-
craft flying normally at an altitude too high for its trail to be visible, but
in the best altitude range to form vapor trails 20,000 - 45,000 feet.
```

- page 3 -

The image contains a document with text but no photograph of any subjects. Below is the text from the document:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #71 -- Las Vegas, Nevada -- 8 or 9 October 1947 
(Superscedes interim report of 2/1/49)

In everything except the course flown, the description 
given here answers to that of a fireball. The course indicated in 
this incident, however, appears almost fatal to such a hypothesis. 
No fireball on record, to this investigator's knowledge, has been 
known to turn back on itself. Lasting fireballs have been observed, 
however, that were invisible save for a marked white cloudlike 
trail.

Most fireballs pursue essentially straight courses, and, 
in fact, apparent deviations are often caused by illusions of 
perspective and of a spherical sky; real deviations are caused by 
effects of the navigator's encounter with the atmosphere. To execute 
a curved trajectory would require highly extraordinary circumstances 
indeed, and a meteoric explanation for this incident must be regarded 
as most improbable.

It is more likely that some sort of aircraft was under
observation.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 4 -

