There are no photographs present in this image. It appears to be a typed document. Here is the text extracted as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #225

(from 17 Nov 1948 1620 EST)
(also 23 Nov 1948 1620 1947)
TIME: 1430
LOCATION: 10 mi. E Vaughn, N. M.
SOURCE: ARMY Col
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 min
NO. OF OBJECTS: 1
COURSE: Into wind
SPEED: -------
ALTITUDE: 2200 MSL
DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S): Bright White
BALL
Diameter Unknown but larger
than Basketball (2 ft. diameter).
Altitude 400-500'
Odor: None Volume of fire: None
COURSE: Vertical
NO. OF GUNS: 1
TYPE OF GUNFIRE: Ground
SOUND: -------
POWER-PLANT: -------
TYPE OF POWER-PLANT: -------
STATIONARY ALT 290 FT
(MSL 620)

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the quality of the document, some details might not be accurately captured, and some parts of the text are too faded or unclear to be discernible.

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs; it appears to be a page with handwritten text which is difficult to discern due to the low resolution and quality of the provided image. Nevertheless, I will attempt to perform an OCR function and transcribe what I can make out:

-2-
(units unreadable) glominishess...
that the...(unreadable)...was moving...(unreadable)
the sun reflection in a (unreadable)...
didn't build much clearance for...
the window & had our usual (unreadable)...
of about...(unreadable)...degrees drop.....
for a man with a cold like (unreadable)...
does on...(unreadable)...of times and did (unreadable)
-(The rest of the text is unreadable.)-

Due to the poor state of the image, I am unable to accurately transcribe the entire content. The text is mostly illegible in this resolution. For a precise transcription, a clearer image or the original document would be necessary.

- page 2 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the OCR output of the whole text visible on the document:

```
rte at the end of 1947, approximately December 23, when I
served in a section of Dukla in Eastern Slovakia in the CSSR, where
at the end of the border guard watch, which I performed with a representa-
tive of Gneu, that at approximately 0130 hours when we were skiing
toward the border to the FS barracks, about 800 m from the border
the barrels of our rifles began to burn us with all the force at
their command, and the rest of the metal parts along with them also
began to burn.

First, the rifle barrels burned from a few seconds to a minute,
then the breeches on the guns and their metal fittings began to burn.
Since we were concerned with an unusual phenomenon, we put the
rifles down (from the back of the weapon), and when the FS Gneu represen-
tative noticed that his rifle burned with the wind in a small blue
flame only fluctuating with the wind direction like an electric arc
weld, he fired the gun with the barrel down into the snow, and when
the breech began to burn him he threw the rifle into the snow. I
also stuck my rifle into the snow with the barrel down so that it if
fired it would not hurt anybody. At this point my gun's barrel
was extinguished, but the stock, the fittings and the breech of the
gun also burned me, even the metallic lips on the casing burned with the
same kind of small blue flames.

As we stood in semi partial surprise we took such measures at
which I ascertained that this must come from the wind, i.e., such as
a charged wave, for as we manipulated the rifles the moment they were
extinguished, and when we put them on our shoulders with the slings,
the barrels began to burn again, i.e., they from parts of them. When
```

- page 3 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided.

Here is the text from the document:

```
I said we ought to try to see if the entire barrel would burn, and
I put my gun over my head, holding it by the stock, and then every-
thing iron on it began to burn normally with a small blue flame
about 1 cm or 1/2 cm blowing off in the direction of the wind and
it was driven up a little along the iron in the wind direction.

At this point my companion said we should go to the FS barracks
so nothings would happen to us. I do say that at that time there was
a strong northwest wind, and after 4 minutes it stopped, or we went
down a slope, and the wind passed us, turning upward to an adjacent slope.

We have not written anything about this entire matter so that no one
would think we were seeing ghosts or something similar.
I'm glad for one thing about this true 1000% experience, that is
will not be considered as a joke or sensationalism.

With greetings only for peace!
Poltnik Frantisek
```

- page 4 -

There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED
Incident: 225

Colonel ████ first observed an unusual aerial phenomena during the 
latter part of 1947. This occurred in the vicinity of Vaughn, N. M.
The phenomena appeared approximately 1000-5000 ft above the ground
when first observed and was descending slowly and steadily in a vertical
manner toward the earth. It appeared slightly larger than a basketball,
bright white in color like a miniature sun. At a point approximately
200 feet above the surface of the earth, the object appeared to explode
although no noise was apparent. By this time the Colonel had stopped
his automobile and had gotten out to watch the object. The explosion
or disintegration appeared to be taking place some 50 to 60 yards
distant and still no noise was noticed. At this time the fragments
assumed a fiery red color and descended toward earth in the enormous
clouds of brightly ignited debris trailing the ground. After this the
Colonel was on Highway 60, near a railroad and separated from the
vicinity where the fragments were landing by a fence. He did not cross
the fence or investigate further.

On 5 or 6 Nov at approximately 2130 hours he observed a ball of
light, reddish with no tail, or trail in diameter, falling vertically
which burst 100-200 feet from the ground in a spray of reddish color.
This extinguished before reaching the ground in less than 10 seconds and occurred
roughly north of the road on which he was driving - 10 miles east of 
Waujamis, N. M. - Highway 60.

On 12 Nov 1946 at approximately 2100 hours, Col █████ was driving west
on Highway 60 approximately 10 miles west of Vaughn, N. M. He again
observed a ball of light descending vertically. It burst 100-200 feet
from the ground. Conditions and experience were the same as on 3 and 
11th Nov.

Col █████.
On the last 2 sightings/saw no aircraft and heard no sound which is
understandable since he was traveling in a closed automobile. Weather
conditions were clear.

EVALUATION S-2.

███████████ at 225; ███████.

UNCLASSIFIED
---

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Here is the OCR output of the text:

```
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY
FORT SAM HOUSTON, TEXAS

L521.AKD3 20, December 1948

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft

TO Commanding General,
    Air Material Command,
    Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
    Dayton, Ohi.

1. Reference is made to letter, Intelligence Division, USAID,
   25 March 1948, subject as above and Control No. A-4977.

2. Attached Summary of Information, same subject as above, this
   Headquarters, dated 20 December 1948, is forwarded for your information
   and any action deemed necessary.

                         FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

                                                             [Signature]
                                                     Louis E. Plainard
                                                   Colonel, GSC
                                                   AC of S, G2
```

- page 6 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided. It is a text document, which I will transcribe below as an OCR system:

```
CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                                      20 December 1948

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

REPORTING OFFICE                                    OFFICE OF THE AC OF S, G-2, Headquarters Fourth Army, Fort Sam Houston, Texas
SUBJECT                                                    Unconventional Aircraft
                                                                               
                                                                 FOR USE IN INDIVIDUAL PARAGRAPH EVALUATION
SOURCE RELIABLE                                A                               INFORMATION
OF INFORMATION                                                                 OF INFORMATION SOURCE
USUALLY RELIABLE                             B                               UNSATISFACTORY
PART RELIABLE                                    C                               DEPENDABLE
NOT RELIABLE                                     D                               PROBABLY TRUE
RELIABILITY UNKNOWN                   E                               POSSIBLY TRUE
                                                                                              UNLIKELY
                                                                                              TRUTH CANNOT BE JUDGED
                                                                                              INVESTIGATORS REMARKS
                                                                                              REMARKS

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION
     The following information has been received from the Fourth Army Intelligence Liaison Officer, Sandia Base, Albuquerque, New Mexico, dated 6 December 1948:

"Colonel [REDACTED] Inf., U.S. Army, New Mexico Military District reports as follows:
     "On 3 or 4 November 1948 at approximately 2130 hours, I observed a ball
of light, reddish tint in color, I put it in disappear, rolling vertically. The
ball burst 1000-2000 feet from the ground in a spray of golden color which
extinguished before reaching the ground. This occurred at 12-1500 yards north
of the road on which I was driving. The location was approximately two miles
east of Vaughn, New Mexico, on a highway to (B-2)

     "On 23 November 1948 at approximately 2130 hours, I was driving west
of Highway 60, about 10 miles west of Vaughn, New Mexico. I observed a ball
of light, descending vertically, which burst 1000-2000 feet from the ground.
The conditions and appearance were the same as occurred on 3 or 4 November." (B-2)

"Colonel [REDACTED] stated that he did not report these incidents as he thought
they might have been connected with some Air Force exercises. He further
states that he heard no sound or saw no streaks during either incident,
which is understandable as he was travelling in a closed automobile, weather
conditions were clear." (B-2)

UNCLASSIFIED
   DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;                                             DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
                                                                                                                      UNCLASSIFIED

WD, AGO, FORM NO. 61, 1 Jul 1944                                                         35 (OVER)
AG 319.1(28 Nov 48)Sec.
PDSN: 53321-1948
WD ION 563
S. N. DUNKLIN MAJOR, AGD
```

Please note, the actual sections where the text is redacted with black redaction bars have been transcribed with "[REDACTED]" to indicate these redactions.

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document page with handwritten text and annotations. The text and annotations are as follows:

NCTO
(23 Dec 1947)

S[Signature-like scribble] ton
Lie?

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. Instead, it appears to be a page with handwritten text. However, the quality of the image and the legibility of the handwriting makes it difficult to act as an OCR system and accurately transcribe the text. The handwriting is not clear enough to produce a reliable transcription. If you require a transcription from documents like these, it would be highly recommended to obtain a clearer image or refer to any typed transcripts that may be available from the original source.

- page 9 -

No photograph is present in the image provided.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

Evan M. John
Chief, press —
  
——— affair on Vinita alert Lauf-
presentation do vous non pas être-
[Indiscernible] sys… interdicti…

Il est de raison de croft et 2; deciny
[Indiscernible] avoue dat er [Indiscernible]
friend un deuxie par un invited-
interests me no total I understand-
en q qu'a plan you are home returning
[Indiscernible] useful? Down promise
to to prunently apropriate pour-
a perfected plan la, but me no be
me l'upgrade de l'finance est demain.
[Indiscernible] not de vie modify
modern de automate doit [Indiscernible]
mai prudist a scifen what to a name.
[Indiscernible] node, I okay micky [Indiscernible]
a null atrium of minuit of efficiency
non winsoe a in sustain.

        [illegible signature or text]
                       [Indiscernible]

[Multiple indiscernible words]
prio a cela, we pourf do a better balance;
place de plan notionall generous, his a vis-
to applied portion apricţi alecandrei.

The document appears to be quite challenging to transcribe due to handwriting that is difficult to decipher, frequent indiscernible words, and possible language mixing or nonstandard spelling.

- page 10 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph; it only shows a document with some text and redactions. Below is the text visible on the document:

Address:
[REDACTED]
U.S.R. diparane schooterile.
[REDACTED]
[portion of text is redacted and not legible]

- page 11 -

