The image appears to be a scanned document, and due to the quality of the scan, it's difficult to discern clear details. However, I can attempt to transcribe as much text as possible:

```
PROJECT BLUE BOOK

Incident 103

Date of Info    18 Feb 1948
Location        Green River, Utah.
Investigated by USAF Pilots
Date of Event   - - -
Time [of] Event 1500 MST
Type [of] Event Circular, multicolored Ball of Fire
Size [of] Event Ball of Fire & Dense cloud or smoke
5f   No.
No. of objects   Six
Length of time 1-2 mins.
Altitude 20,000
Type of Observing Aerial

REMARKS: - - -

IDENTITY AFO Form 329      (rest of line is redacted)
```

The image does not contain a clear photograph or detailed graphics; it is mostly text with some areas redacted or blurred, making them illegible.

- page 1 -

The image is a faded and partially illegible document. There is no photograph present, just blurry and distorted text and marks. Here is the legible text from the document:

"18 FEB 48 UNCLASSIFIED
26 March -54

Communiqué Serial
Number Cross Reference
To Project Blue Book
Report Form
(AF Form 112)

UNCLASSIFIED

Information Report, dated 22 March 1954,
attachment to JNQUIRER's EOI, dated 22 March 1954 was
forwarded by your office but not any mention, journal, or separate
telegram was found.

AIRMS. F. K. O'CONNELL
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence

18 FEB 48

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED"

The text is a combination of administrative document references, with mention of "Project Blue Book," which was a series of systematic studies of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force. The document appears to be discussing the forwarding of a report and mentions a "Colonel, USAF," possibly as the author or relevant authority. The document's classification status is noted as well, with references to declassification directives and timelines.

- page 2 -

There are no photographs present on this page. It is a text-based document. Here is the text transcribed from the document:

```
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

7 JUL 1954

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects
TO: Director of Intelligence
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

1. Statement of Mr. [redacted], 1004 North Utah Avenue, Arlington 2, Virginia, a member of
NIACAP. Mr. [redacted] called Captain [redacted], Community Relations Division, OI, and gave the Captain the following information which is to be passed to the Air Defense Command, for their information, and is recorded as follows, the recorded statement of Mr. [redacted]:

STATEMENT:
In compliance with instructions given me by Captain [redacted], I wish to report the following incident. This report is not to be construed as giving my personal opinion as to the possibility of the existence of interplanetary space ships, nor do I wish to appear as a "crackpot." I would not have given the information voluntarily. However, when asked the questions concerning the UFO's by Captain [redacted], my reply was that there had been many pilots who believed in interplanetary ships. I further stated that these same pilots do not wish to make their names public for obvious reasons. I further stated, that these statements by this (sic) pilots were always off the record, and I could not divulge my informants. The following is my statement:

1. [redacted]: I personally saw a flying object on March 8, 1950 at [redacted], England, about 01710 pm. This was a very clear day with no clouds around. A silvery object was observed through binoculars, and it was observed by the entire crew of the [redacted], of which I was a member. The object remained stationary for approximately five minutes and then suddenly disappeared at a very high rate of speed.

2. [redacted]: During the period of [redacted], England by [redacted] stationed at [redacted] AFB, NH, on [redacted], we all observed an unidentifiable object for a period in excess of three hours. This object was multi-colored and hovered, changing colors and noise powered, with no evidence of any physical evidence on earth putting it in a category of UFO.

[Remainder of text redacted or not visible]
``` 

Please note that due to the poor quality of the text and redaction, there might be minor inaccuracies in the transcription.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided.

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
23 Mar 51

HEADQUARTERS 4602d AIR INTELLIGENCE SERVICE SQUADRON (1)
APO 969 c/o PM, SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF.

SUBJECT: Analysis includes phenomena

1. No assigned incidents have been received to date.

2. Based on the most recent fragmentary reports of December 6, 1950 at  
   1114 hours, on the 9th at the Landingham school of Gunnison, Colorado 
   County, even the incident, i.e., six (6) objects oval in shape,
   approximately ten to twelve feet in diameter and emitting a bright 
   white flash, is in itself insufficient in terms of factual 
   incident value in view of atmospheric photographs described in the accompanying technical 
   report of film which does not cover the experience of the personnel during 
   the non-reporting period to date.

3. The fragmentary flash of March 6 west of municipal terminals,
   revealing two (2) phosphorescent phosphorescent tail of light, February 18 at 
   Gatlin and Timmons, Texas which other fragmentary incidents have yielded 
   nothing in the quantity of type of the residue of contray to obscure the 
   trail of light which was seen in a scattered array and what appeared to be 
   metallic but non-reflective disk object moving in an erratic and 
   uneven pattern and is not in the category of an ideally reproduced 
   type. Comment is reserved to fulfill a subsequent report that is considered 
   credible and significant within the categories being forwarded, but  
   indicating no major incident in the analysis period. Further, an unaccompanied 
   tail, while very low level was quite fragmentary since it seems a normal 
   earth-to-air fall in contrast to any true airborne object against a normal 
   night sky of stars. In ample, there's a degree of kinship or credibility to the fall to the earth. Nevertheless, by means of the usual slips and
   reports of the phenomenon, six and (a) December to date suggest minima measure 
   as to an origin since no specific object, readily relating in the earth's 
   air field, i.e., in the two southern points, has been without a recurrence as of 
   the efforts at meteoritic impact on the earth has been ferreted.

A review of the very puzzling nature of the major incidents,
   discovered when sent back through mail and more instances of similar 
   nature, in which to recall the representation of a large number of flat 
   pancake and three-dimensional patterns, in that no matter how to secure 
   these forms invariably they emerge with true, three-dimensional 
   segmenting patterns. Nevertheless, the concentrated attention should 
   be once established the hypothesis of substances in the frozen gases (upon 
   exposure to impact) or just the chance. Cc: Major USAF, 4602AISS/Opns, Photo 
   sect. Thomson.

4. White or several slightly long metallic and less photographs of such 
   in near metaphysical profile with each of 8 hard and finely, respectively, 
   as once suggested some (weight) height of 2 feet, length 15 to 
   18 feet, saucer, rough nose, flattened wide force curve. There is an 
   apparent resignation [that] photographic approach has failed to 
   confirm the sustained hypothesis of aerodynamic forces evident in enclosed 
   normal reaction to gravity, etc.

   The meteoric hypotheses predicated on the activity of the tail 
   or the surface phenomenon of capturing or the earth's atmos will be traced 
   back to that old theme of world impact or even, if you will, of earthly origin.

  FOR THE COMMANDER:
  /s/
  RICHARD E. BROWN
  Captain, USAF
  Base UFO Officer

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

The image you've provided does not contain any photographs. It's a scanned document with text. Here is all the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
21 May 54

SUBJ: Analysis Unknown Phenomena

1. Headquarters has made inquiries by air and ground observers in mind, it is not
believed that the objects described by the Air Force in Greenland when searchers
could have been sighted. Headquarters has requested some of these their fall leave,
at Frobisher, a Military rule for a zone of the colorimetric importance
they have aircraft land...

2. Although this District Office it was thing any mission other
than forwarding this report is accordance with ACG Letter No. 5,
dated 23 October 1951. In the event there were any new developments
of distribution reads particular cases, that will be comprised in
accordance with the distribution of this report.

Leland E. Cox
Captain, USAF
Air (Div) CinC

(signed)
340 (chap) 1/enc
A79NC

DOWNGRADE AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 5 -

The image you provided is a scanned page of a document with no photographs present. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

```
HEADQUARTERS BY TWX TO HOLDER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

THIS MESSAGE IS CLASSIFIED
AN ESTIMATED OFFICER HAS UNINTENTIONALLY
CAUSED FUNCY ITEM TO BE OUTSIDE

522 March 1952

FIRING NOTICE
------------
SUBJECT: Unconventional Propulsion
BUREAU OF AERONAUTICS
DEPARTMENT OF NAVY. March 6, 1952

1. Enclosure herewith is the Naval Research Intelligence Support,
subject as above, dated 22 March 1952.

2. In the opinion of this command (copy blind passage) of
UAVNAV, separately, scattered stray and then a photographic covering on
the above ALNAV arrangements are being to full. Should have landed
now, precise units of value by a long form. The Task Directed dets had
not independently an opinion considering what both vents when napping
with Headquarters, special compartment, be an interest to become
subordinate concern, and this interest, especially that Intelligence,
should, whenever feasible, have a clinic out of retaliated, informed
and effective rites such as Manual Court not the summary by this Order
and due to a manage on cylinders and amount.

3. Intelligence also this paper, presented., as-stated, distributed
now, this office has witnessed opinion, rest, “An Interlocutory Op-
inion”, was one of the considerations. Also, a Top Secret Psycholog has
designed to improve somehow or the means by which interpretative figures
to this command.

4. This substance moved in commercial for your information and psy-
war. It is requested this this dispatch be likewise a grace figure/quote
clause it available to secure a photographic coverage of the view as outlined
on this substance copy.

[end]

Signal Inital only, March[...]
with Trust Inquiry
[...]
this: 1804
```

Please note that due to the low quality of the scanned image, some words are obscured or difficult to decipher. The transcription provided represents a best guess at the intended text, although it may contain inaccuracies or omissions due to the legibility of the original document.

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a text document. Below is the reproduction of the text from the document:

```
DR. HYNEK'S EVALUATIONS EXTRACTED FROM PROJECT GRUDGE REPORT.

											ENCILLET INDEX

1. Astronomical

	a. High probability:
	#26, 27, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 48, 49, 59, 60, 66, 69, 70, 94,
	97, 99, 97, 98, 101, 102, 103, 104, 116, 119, 132, 136, 140,
	149, 158, 158, 174, 184, 185, 187, 197, 203, 204, 208, 216,
	219, 230.

	b. Fair or low probability:
	#15, 20, 23, 24, 28, 35, 35, 46, 60, 63, 67, 86, 82, 93, ICO,
	112, 120, 121, 129, 130, 144, 153, 164, 165, 167, 175, 192,
	199, 202, 205, 220, 230, 240.

2. Non-astronomical but suggestive of other explanations

	a. Balloons or ordinary aircraft:
	#3, 11, 22, 41, 42, 54, 55, 73, 81, 83, 91, 92, 113, 114, 115,
	126, 131, 138, 141, 145, 155, 156, 157, 159, 160, 161, 163,
	169, 171, 173, 178, 180, 182, 188, 190, 194, 195, 196, 193,
	200, 201, 209, 210, 217, 222, 238, 237, 239.

	b. Kookots, flares or falling bodies:
	#4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 25, 65, 65, 78, 106, 107,
	108, 109, 133, 170, 211, 218.

	c. Miscellaneous (reflections, auroral streamers, birds, etc.):
	#59, 89, 123, 124, 128, 146, 154, 181, 189, 214, 221, 231, 234.

3. Non-astronomical, with no explanation evident
    
	a. Lack of evidence precludes explanations
	#38, 44, 45, 47, 55, 57, 72, 86, 87, 88, 99, 99, 110, 117, 118,
	125, 127, 133, 139, 149, 150, 177, 179, 191, 206, 212, 213,
	229, 232, 233.

	b. Visual report suggests no explanation:
	#1, 2, 10, 17, 24, 29, 37, 40, 51, 52, 58, 61, 62, 54, 68, 71,
	75, 76, 77, 79, 84, 105, 111, 122, 125, 151, 152, 154, 162,
	158, 172, 176, 183, 185, 193, 207, 215, 223, 224, 225, 228,
	227, 236, 241, 242, 243, 244, 134.
```

- page 7 -

The image provided appears to be a scanned page from an old document and contains a number of illustrations and textual information. The illustrations depict a chart of "Space Explored and Space Unexplored" from Science Illustrated; however, due to the image's blurriness and the text's small size, I cannot transcribe the small text reliably. The main visible text and elements are as follows:

- Illustrations of a spectrum with wavelengths labeled in kilometers and a scale indicating distance from Earth to space in miles.
- Text and labels such as "12,500 MILES", "6,000 MILES", and "SPECTRUM" next to the waves and scale illustrations.
- An illustration of a "NAZI SPACE SHIP" with the text explaining it's supposed to reach the Earth at 3,500-mile range.
- Gravity effects on man in space, stating "GRAVITY pull on man's body decreases in space. 4 5/8 lbs." with a smaller note of "57 lbs."
- A meteorite illustration with a caption about its mass and potential impact speed.
- A description of "TEMPERATURE of space is unknown quantity, may be as high as to destroy anything passing through."
- Title of a section is present as "Science Illustrated chart of Space Explored and Space Unexplored." Below that title is a paragraph too small to read due to the image quality.

Unfortunately, the bottom part of the page is obscured by another page laying over it, and the small text is indistinct, preventing accurate transcription of that section. The document's graphic style and content suggest it is from a period when space exploration was in its earlier stages and reflects the speculative nature of knowledge at that time. It contains visual elements that appear to be more educational or conceptual rather than photographs of actual phenomena or objects.

- page 8 -

The image provided is not a photograph; it is a diagram that appears to describe various altitudes and experiments related to aeronautics and space exploration. The diagram contains drawings of rockets, an airplane, and other measurement devices against a backdrop that seems to represent the Earth's atmosphere and outer space.

Here is all the text found in the document:

```
100 MILES

HIGHEST and rarest clouds are the noctilucent ones that glow luminescently in the nighttime.

VIKING rocket, aimed at Neptune, will get as far - and carries report on what there is back to earth.

SATELLITES
will be made from
small rockets as pilot
ones at high altitudes.

V-2 ROCKETS have made
almost 40 trips, some over
100 miles up, as part of
current space research.

20 MILES

X-5 ROCKET plane is
designed to fly up to 80,-
000-foot altitude, has
topped any other plane.

E X P L O R E D

B-29's equipped with
cloud chambers for cosmic
ray research have made
many flights to 45,000 ft.

NORTON COUNTY METE-
OR first explored 37
million years ago and
explosion was 15 miles up.

SKY HUE darkens with
increasing altitude, be-
comes a velvety black be-
yond 50-mile altitude.

4 MILES

MURÒC LAKE,
CALIFORNIA

WHITE SANDS,
NEW MEXICO.

NORTON COUNTY,
KANSAS,
150 lbs

150 lbs.

ATMOSPHERE

TEMPERATURE

104˚ 147˚

STRATOSPHERE
TROPOSPHERE

GULF OF MEXICO

150 lbs.

MAN'S HIGHEST
ascent by balloon carried him
to 72,395-ft. altitude.

COSMIC RAY research is done with
balloons that rise to 100,000 feet
``` 

If you are interested in any additional details or specific parts of the diagram, please let me know.

- page 9 -

The image contains two photographs with captions underneath them and additional text. Below is the description of the photographs, followed by the transcribed text:

1. **Photograph 1:** It appears to be an image of a meteor or similar object in the sky with a contrail behind it. There is a landscape visible at the bottom which includes some trees.
2. **Photograph 2:** Shows a person standing outside next to a house. The individual is smiling and looking upwards, pointing towards the roof of the house.

Here is the transcribed text:

ESCAPE FROM EARTH (continued)

1. EARTH-GOING METEORITES are rarely caught in the act. Here is the Van Horn stone disintegrating 35 miles above earth.

2. OBSERVERS like Mrs. H. R. S. Davis, of Norton, aided in finding fragments by showing direction in which they saw explosion.

5. LITTLE 'uns resulted in dramatic moments like the above; Mrs. B. L. Lyle pointing toward meteorite fragment on Tunfell farm.

6. ACIDFORITE, substance of meteorite is extremely fragile, so fragment found, left, had to be carefully removed from soil.

*The presence of nickel alongside basic iron indicates a true sky rock, unlike our earthborn ores and stones. Nevertheless, it is frustrating indeed to the hundreds of sincere, outstanding scientists in various Tvexan spaceto townsides following every report of their Vaikomputer home on.

When we composed this article the foremost Report of the mysterious found offered opinions of the source work without a key conclusion to date. After completing 14 months atop the cloud, the Institute had not let its mind drown—Lilly, Lilly proved that it thrives in quiet living problems that face all mankind everywhere within the stony Meteorite previously advertised. But this much says the New Mexican fo...

...the space to play quicksilver loose Kan—did my hear aright? More tantalizing is the situation on site at the Institute LAB with fluctuating readings on sensitive Texan spaceto computers following every result of their Vaikomputer home on.

Great rock on the flank of Iron Pto L. M. S., the oddly twisting road that arch...

Mrs. Davis's remembrances, and most of the Mountain Mountain tales, should be taken guarded by visiting Indian Chief Lame Wolf to L. V. York, father and youth at the Indian Creek Course, the well cut yea Diana, Fortune Knitter!T streaming light rays through its broadening trunk despite a foundation of which the P. I. paper interface must be under extreme barrier stress, two power fiber optics attached high within prominent industrial walls, which pass to a finely radiating, distant garage.

Boom booms again and the Society of Emanations were not avoided from favorite frames been gazing quietly out upon their vapor as the summer that had in the good days of the winter past, beyond total, later Mrs. Merteling and the right product myth claim don't root service upward as yet which belogankind overall...

...stand effort and atmosphere adjusting at the lef...

...on the left a little more were reaching into the same optical precise understanding. Under than own that he first overheard in Europe sent down from the sky.

Please note that due to the quality of the source and the fragmentary nature of the text, some passages were illegible or incomplete.

- page 10 -

The document contains four black and white photographs:

1. The first photograph on the top left shows a man on a tractor in a field; the caption below states, "FIRST FRAGMENT of Norton stone was found by George Tunstill while harrowing a clover field with his tractor."

2. The second photograph on the top right depicts a man looking through a surveying transit instrument; the caption says, "SEARCH PARTIES organized by Dr. Lincoln LaPaz, above, used transits to locate spots where fragments may have fallen."

3. The third photograph on the bottom left shows several people seated and examining rocks on a table; the caption below this image reads, "SCIENTIFIC value of meteorite pieces caused residents of Norton County to submit even ordinary rocks for examination."

4. The last photograph on the bottom right features a man in a lab coat conducting a scientific examination of an object; this caption states, "RADIOACTIVITY studies of fragment are made at Chicago's Institute for Nuclear Studies by Dr. Harrison Brown (see text)."

Here is the text found in the document:

---

7 SCIENTIFIC value of meteorite pieces caused residents of Norton County to submit even ordinary rocks for examination.

In Jennings, tiny Crest, midway between those two towns and northwest of the farm, a small station that until recently was listed in the official railroad guidebooks as the geographical center of the United States, the excitement was more subdued. Farmers living in the vicinity of the places where the stones fell had the experience of being able to get into the act without going any great distance from their own back door.
There was little or nada of the treasure hunting spirit that characterized past spectacular meteorite showers—the famed golden meteor of 100 years ago that produced a near riot in a Connecticut village, or the stony rain that struck Iowa in the early '90s. That was the old days, of course, but there seems to have been a rather unique limiting factor in the case

8 SEARCH PARTIES organized by Dr. Lincoln LaPaz, above, used transits to locate spots where fragments may have fallen.

of this visitation at Norton, Neb.
Young and otherwise, Kansas and Nebraskan border staters proved the possessor of a quite bit utant of that frontier phlegm and 'do, meditation even in the face of what to city cosmopolitans might seem a menacing threat to health and payout. Everything done by the local and outside authorities, after the first alarm had been sounded, appeared to be aimed at safeguarding the general public from the risk

9 RADIOACTIVITY studies of fragment are made at Chicago's Institute for Nuclear Studies by Dr. Harrison Brown (see text).

For weeks after the startling events of February 16, the chief topic of conversation at the two banks and drug store was the "rocks rain," the hazard they relocated and the fast-thinking maneuver by Dr. Frank Hall, thirty-seven, county attorney of this Norton community, born and bred in the county, who also served as a civil defense director. When a warning of possible radioactivity in the weighed meteoritic material—pieces that fell on one site measured the size and weight of a small cow—was

TURN THE PAGE FOR ROUNDUP CHART OF FACTS ABOUT SPACE

---

Due to the quality of the image, some of the text might be slightly inaccurate or incomplete.

- page 11 -

This image does not contain photographs of any kind. It appears to be a photocopied document page with some text, markings, and a "RESTRICTED" stamp at the bottom. Here is the text from the document:

---
Incident #101 — Norton, Kansas — 18 February 1948

     This now-celebrated case of an unusual fireball has
been adequately reported in astronomical literature; (for de-
tails, see Sky and Telescope, April, 1948, page 154, and Octo-
ber, 1948, page 293). Positive identification has been made
by the recovery of fragments. The origin of this object is,
therefore, definitively astronomical, and the incident need not
be considered further.

[RESTRICTED stamp]
---

- page 12 -

The image you have provided contains text on a page that appears to be from a publication. There are no photographs present on this page; instead, it comprises two columns of text with advertisements on the left side and a title that reads "SCIENCE ILLUSTRATED" at the bottom right. Due to the size and quality of the image, some text may not be fully legible.

Here's the transcribed text to the best of my ability to decipher from the visible portions of the document:

---

NORTON METEORITE
(Continued from page 21)

Shortly before 6:00 P. M., on February 18, an account of the Norton Incident reached the Institute of Meteoritics of the University of New Mexico through Lt. R. E. Young of the Kirtland Field Civil Air Patrol office. In the next few hours additional information was secured through C.A.P. channels and long-distance calls. Then, a huge volume of correspondence was carried on with observatories over the farrier variances and rural areas. Extensiveness well into Kansas by Institute of Meteoritics representatives, to obtain transit measurements of the position of various points on the meteor path as seen by them.

Fragment of Meteorite Found
As soon as decent weather permitted full-scale field search, an Institute of Meteoritics party entered the area in which observers' lines of sight into the end point of the meteor's path intersected. On April 28, they found fragments of the meteorite seen in the party's path, George W. Tatsell, almost the first farrier investigating in the intersection area, Mr. Tansill had picked up this fragment on April 6 and being familiar with the rocks of the area, knew at once that it was foreign to the region. However, he had to wait until the arrival of the Institute of Meteoritics party to have his surmise that it was a meteorite confirmed. Further search resulted in the discovery... several hundred additional meteorites of very... size. Still later, a mass weighing over 100 pounds was found by Ralph Dewey Bestert and Mr. Haskell Miklich, developer and in areas already searched by the Institute of Meteoritics party.

These discoveries and the laboratory examination of the materials recovered showed that the "Norton Incident" resulted not from the explosion of a rocket, guided missile, or satellite vehicle, but solely from the fall of a meteorite. Further, the Norton County meteorite, as scientists labeled it, was of an extremely rare and interesting type.

Three Main Groups
Meteorites, the very occurrence of which was denied even by scientists only a little over a century ago, are now known to be classifiable into three main groups. Science has been recognized as irons. These resemble closely fragments of a nickel-iron core such as the earth is believed to possess; Another group is the irons of the intermediate zone of... hardened rock. Presumed solids silicates mixed with nickel-iron, thought to resemble the core of the earth...

Later, they crystallize in numerous small structure fragments of that portion of...

---

Please note that parts of the document are cut off from view, and some words were not fully legible. As a result, there are some gaps and potential inaccuracies in the transcription.

- page 13 -

The image in the document is a black and white photograph showing two rectangular strips that appear to be coated with a special material for a screen test, as mentioned in the advertisement on the top left side of the page. Other parts of the page contain text and a small diagram at the bottom but no additional photographs. Below is the text found on the document:

---

Make this amazir
"SCREEN TEST"
today!

Free! Send your pictures on a sample of Malina's "Radiant"
screen fabric—Malina's introduces Mirra-scrern
In a remarkable offer!

See how millions of tiny glass mirrors, firmly imbedded in pure white screen surface, make your pictures fairly glow with life! See what happens when light is reflected instead of absorbed! You will enjoy clearer, sharper black and whites — richer, brighter, more brilliant colors! Here is projection screen fabric like any in the new 1949 Radiant SS has all these features and exclusive features. See them at your dealer today!

Send coupon now for absolutely FREE Sample of 10" width "Mirra Screen"
Screen Fabric. Try it with the room un darkened and see for yourself the remarkable projection contrast! Compare with your own screen.
Just fill in and mail coupon below.
Fusion Screens at Discount — our handy
8 page booklet useful hints
[COUPON]
RADIANT MANUFACTURING CORP.
1275 S. Talman Ave., Chicago 8, Ill.

FREE TO ACCOUNTANTS
If you are interested in the tax, accounting, or the two C.P.A. examinations, these free bulletins of vital and timely interest will be yours to read. "How to Prepare for the C...Examination" and "How to Prepare for the ... Examination" are packed by LaSalle with highly deserved reference authority that is enjoyed by the thousands of C.P.A. candidates they have assisted "Income Tax Preparation" (Business), "Income Tax Preparation" (Personal), "Auditing" "How to Tackle the Examination" – and the LaSalle Course Program in "Income Tax Preparation," "Auditing," and "C.P.A."

[COUPON]
LA SALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY
A Correspondence Institution/Dept. 7 St-1
417 S. Dearborn St., Chicago 5, Illinois

(Cut Coupon on Dotted Line)

---

NORTON METEORITE
(Continued from page 68)

theory of the origin of the solar system, like all such theories that have gained any measure of acceptance, one visits birth to planets swung in the same direction around the sun! Considering the kinetic energies involved in the impact between a meteorite-planet moving in a nearly circular orbit and another planet traveling in the same direction about the sun but following a more eccentric orbit intersecting the first. It is easy to see that a head-on collision of these bodies is not required in order to bring about their fragmentation or even their partial vaporization.

Granting that some sort of collision between planets resulted in the Norton County meteorite "parent," the disruption of the parentive planet, one-time within the last billion years or so since therein free hitting of each evolved between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter. We can designate the place a little more precisely than the mist of birth because a great multiplicity of the Kansas meteorites' bigger brothers occur actually between discovered lining about the san line or path Mars and Jupiter. These are the asteroids where curious laws, long in dis- covered by Eudoxus predicting that a planet should exist. This "nihilist planetetic" of Eudoxus one hole permitted this planet and planet and now believed to have been one and the same.

Home Point at Same Time

How long the Norton County meteorite continued to survive in an orbit lying for not beyond that of Mars, we do not known. However, eventually it was thrown, probably by the effect of the giant planet Jupiter, into a less circular orbit. Some portion of this day within and nearly or actually intersect have he orbit the earth. The meteoric end been traversed by the network counted. the interstices, each passing near or through less a time point to the earth's orbit happen Earth-material waterine simply because it failed to transit this more to be hit. The basic earth-material hit simply failed to meet its water, simply because it bihitg. The earth, 1948, on the late afternoon of February Nalday, the earth and the meteorite arrived at the same point i space at the same time. The latter, missing it many miles it cometed nearer to the Earth-tour as it pondered, diving flew the tiny to remain eeting cress requested alone. All of these plunges others, that refined the exhausted implicit confirmation of the continuing tridt rondypion upon the pages now being putrients ustry available for analysis, few to as a falling body facts enacting of the meteorte's initial surface, as much undergoing investigation applying for continuality.

page involved, mile marked meteornit lysons of the atmosphere at elevations of flow

---

miles in name, this resistance was a lump-inducement of the bare outer surface of hardness. the very individual are notable. The are meteorite. Frontiered until into the denser layers of the atmosphere. this bombardment rapidly increased in intensity. The heat generated by the countless molecular impacts dissolved the enough moisture materials to generate a man lighted atmosphere of vapor about the wind case of the meteorite. This greatly increased the effective size on the target exposed to bombardment by the air Cnules.

Effects Became Spectacular

About this stage the meteorite first became visible as a bright meteor or shooting star. From this point on, the events proceeded by a train resistance became broader and more spectacular: the meteor now out into a fireball or brilliant as late visible for at least 230 miles. The fireball few light are increasing piresenup revives under the Metoride exploded, settled one such explosion seems to have occurred at the unusually great height of 47 (miles). These explosions result in smoke: clouds and trails that were one of the most widely observed features of the Norton County fall. Finally, the relatively small survived fragments down-Force what can sandy without of the earth accompanied or followed by the displeasing of sounds produced by the swift retardation.
Scientists at anytime would welcome a meteorite its nearness to the Norton County fall. Jarmoured rockets and adjustments yet unvest of the other spaces, ships seem destined such services, a premium will be placed on every scrap of knowledge that might be of value to the enthusiasts.

Right now fragments of the Norton County unette are being studied palynologists by workers at the Institute of Meteoritics at Albuquerque and by Dr. Haerkin Brown at Chicago University's Institute for Nuclear Studies. Their findings, which will be gradually advanced by separate finds, volunteers who no suspicious persist are from will add to the growing pile of knowledge that will the manned before manned rockets can fly out of the earth's atmosphere.

---

Distribute Ye .

Tne sterling Imperial Crust edge gentle, the marketing in- strnseller of talc series took on i- illuct... enough to meet comer- comoder... prischer the late fis- barbs great semp......

PRINTED IN U.S.A.

SCIENCE ILLUSTRATED

---

- page 14 -

The image provided appears to be a typed document with no photographs visible. Here is a transcription of the text found in the document:

```
18 March 19U8

INTERVIEWS WITH MR. OSCAR E. MONNIG
Secretary, National Meteoritical Society

1. On 13 March 19U9, while on a navigational training flight to Ft. 
Worth, Texas, Major Edwin W. Foulk interviewed Mr. Oscar E. Monnig. Mr.
Monnig is Secretary of the National Meteoritical Society. He has been ac-
tively engaged, as an amateur, in research on and the collection of meteorites
since 1YU3, and hence is regarded as an expert on the subject.

2. Mr. Monnig quoted two other authorities on the subject. Their names
and addresses are:

a. Professor H. H. Nininger
Box 11171
Winslow, Arizona

b. Dr. F. A. Whipple
University of Iowa
Iowa City, Iowa

3. Major Foulk queried Mr. Monnig specifically on the explosion of a
supposed meteoroid at 1705 CST, 13 February 19U9. It was stated that this
phenomenon was definitely that of a meteoroid, or daytime fireball. The
most convincing evidence of this is a photograph taken of the dust cloud
left by this fireball. The photograph was taken from a point 5 miles north
of Morton, Texas by Duane E. Grey of Norton, Kansas. Mr. Grey has sold the
copyright to this photograph to Nesmith Service, Inc., 12606 Third Street,
Cleveland 13, Ohio. Mr. Monnig said during the flight of a meteorite outside
the atmosphere of the earth, it is believed that, as a black body, it achieves
a temperature of about 40C0. Upon reaching the air layer of the earth, it be-
comes friction-heated and is subjected to increasing pressure; this causes a
release of a trail of gases which usually explode at an altitude of about
20 miles above the earth. After the explosion, a visible dust cloud remains
in the atmosphere. The meteorite now usually consists of a cluster of small
stones which continue on to strike the earth. Their pattern of impact de-
pends upon the inclination of their flight path with the earth's surface, and
varies from slightly oval to an elongated ellipse. If this flight path is
observed, the point of impact is calculated, and interested parties, such as
Mr. Monnig, make a search for the particles. The particles, when found, usu-
ally resemble small stones and are composed chiefly of silicate mass. There may 
be a burned shell surrounding the particles, usually about 2 to 1U mm. thick.
Weights are ordinarily of the order of a few ounces.

4. Final evidence that this 13 February incident was a fireball will by
the discovery of meteoritic particles. The discovery will probably be re-
ported by Professor Nininger, since the meteorite is calculated to have fallen
in his "territory". It is a matter of chance among meteoritical enthusiasts.. 
that they do not poach on areas already canvassed by another collector. Dis-
covery may occur very soon, or it may he as long as 12 months before any par-
ticles are found.
```

- page 15 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text. Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

```
5. Mr. Morning exhibited a series of four photographs taken of a meteorite 
dust cloud or "train" taken on 20 May 1944 by Cpl. A. L. Aenis, ASN 37307171,
c/o Photo Section, PAAF, Pampa, Texas. The present address of the corporal is 
unknown, but his photographs are copyrighted. A portion of them and other 
photographs of similar nature would be valuable for slide or other 
comparative purposes. Mr. Morning requested that if the copyright owner of these
photographs is located, he be informed so that he may obtain additional copies.

6. Mr. Morning quoted the book, "The Book of the Damned" by Charles Fort 
as an interesting collection of unexplained aerial phenomena. He said that 
these incidents are authentic, but Mr. Fort's conclusions and interpretations 
are fantastic.

7. Mr. Morning said that he will keep this office informed or his opinions 
on any future sightings of aerial phenomena that come to his knowledge.

                                                           /s/ Marvin W. McCard
                                                           Marvin W. McCard
                                                           Major, USAF
```

The text appears to be part of an official report or correspondence, discussing the exhibition of certain photographs, reference to copyrighted material, and a mention of "The Book of the Damned" by Charles Fort. The signature and name of Major Marvin W. McCard, USAF, are also included at the bottom of the document.

- page 16 -

The photograph present in the document appears to show a series of trails or lines in the sky, which may be consistent with a meteor's vapor trail as described in the text. The image is monochrome and rather faint. It seems to depict several nearly vertical lines diverging from a common point at the bottom of the image, suggesting an explosion or burst in the sky.

Now, as per your request, I will transcribe the text from the document:

---
of February 12 over Northern Kansas was just that, a meteor. No fragments
have been recovered from it. There were found, beginning April 21, over
several small fragments up to one of 4 1/2 pounds. Then a buried
spot in a clover field led to the digging up of a piece of some 100 pounds
embedded about two feet in the soil. The stone is what is termed as an
"achondrite", a technical name for an unusual type of stony meteorite.
It is reported to be of a type which will deteriorate rapidly.

A photograph of the trail of the meteor, made by amateur photographer
Duane E. Korey of Norton, shows the vapor trail left in the sky by the
explosion of a meteor which was seen in Oklahoma, New Mexico, Colorado,
Kansas, and Nebraska. It was made at Korey's home, nine miles north of
Norton, just four minutes after the meteor exploded. A smudge of blue-
white smoke remained in the sky for an hour February 18th. This photo-
graph is in file under Incident #101.

Further remarks are contained in supplement.
---

- page 17 -

The image provided is a black and white scan of a document with no photographs. Here is the transcript of the text found in the document:

```
CHECK-LIST – UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS                                     Incident# 101

1.  Date   13 February 1948
2.  Time  5:01 P.M.
3.  Location  NORTON, ___ Kansas 
4.  Name of observer  H.R. Highfill account (taken from newspaper)
5.  Occupation of observer  Editor
6.  Address of observer  Norton, Kansas
7.  Place of observation  Norton, Kansas
8.  Number of objects  One
9.  Distance of object from observer  1/3
10.  Time in sight  1/3
11.  Altitude  30 – 35 miles above earth
12.  Speed  1/3
13.  Direction of Flight  1/3
14.  Tactics  1/3
15.  Sound  One big explosion – “Afterwards a lot of little explosions”
16.  Size  N/S
17.  Color  Bluish-white smoke smudge
18.  Shape  Mushroom
19.  Odor detected  1/3
20.  Apparent construction  Vapor
21.  Exhaust trails  _____
22.  Weather conditions  1/3
23.  Effect on clouds  1/3
24.  Sketches or photographs  Photo or vapor trail left in sky by ex-cel-sim
25.  Name of newspaper which will confirm
26.  Remarks: Oscar Smith, of the Pacific Observatory, ______ Laboratory, 1010 ______ St., Kansas City, Mo., telephoned information report that the Norton 
```

(The document appears to be cropped or incomplete, and there are some words which are partially visible or smeared, represented by the underscores and "1/3".)

- page 18 -

There are no photographs present on this page. The text on the document reads as follows:

Hq. AMC Box 944
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
19 March 1948

[Subject: Photo in Kansas incident]

E. B. A. Service, Inc.
1206 W. Third Street
Cleveland 13, Ohio

Gentlemen:

It is my understanding that your company bought the copyright to a photograph taken on 10 February 1948 by [redacted] of Morton, Kansas. The subject of this picture was a meteorite trail appearing over Kansas.

I am interested in securing a print, and would therefore appreciate an early reply giving size and cost of such a print.

Very truly yours,

JAMES C. BARN
Lt Colonel, USAF

- page 19 -

There are no photographs present in this image. It appears to be a typewritten document. I will transcribe the text from the document:

"ACME NEWSPICTURES
DIVISION OF NEA SERVICE, INC.

New York Bureau
461 Eighth Ave.
New York 1, N.Y.

Photograph at minimum charge.

April 2, 1943

James C. Beam
Lt. Colonel, USAFR
Hq. AMC Box 244
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

Our photo #E32933 of a meteorite trail over Kansas, referred to in your letter of March 19, is made available for your personal use only (Framing or scrapbook) at $2.12. However, should you desire to reproduce the photo or employ it in any other way we would have to know how it is to be used before being able to submit a quotation.

If you do want the picture for your personal use only a print will be forwarded upon receipt of your check or money order in the above amount.

Many thanks for calling on us.

Sincerely,

Roy Zehlman
Social Service Dept.

/m/le"

- page 20 -

The image provided is a scan of a page from an old document, presumably a report from Project Blue Book, which was a series of systematic studies of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force. There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text from the document:

---

but slightly east. Suddenly, about 1 and 1/2 minutes after he had seen the
flash, there was a terrific explosion and jar, shaking the ground and causing 
the windows all around to rattle. Following the explosion, there were several
loud reverberating rumblings across the heavens. He stated that the explosion
noise was very high.

---

[Name redacted], a boy living at Regar, just east of Horton, was outside the 
eleventh, when he observed the explosion, looked up and saw the huge cloud
of smoke. He stated that it was almost overhead but slightly west of him.
He said that it was a big explosion. This eleventh man was out in the
eleventh, when he heard the explosion. He thought that his oil burner had
blown up then he noticed and ran in to see about it. Finding it O.K., he ran
outside to see what had exploded, saw the big cloud of smoke high overhead,
slightly west.

---

Totten Kansas newspaper carried a story about 6 days ago of one just
like this one, coming from the south to vicinity of Lola, Kansas, where it 
turned west and disappeared into the sky.

---

Check with Chief Scott of Horton about a burned flashlight battery
which fell in the street of Horton just after the explosion. It was too
hot to be picked up for several minutes. Chief Scott has it.

---

[Note] A copy of Exhibit "M" referred to in Letter for Form F. [Redacted] was
not received.

---

(Note that some text seems to be redacted and some words are difficult to read due to the quality of the document.)

- page 21 -

The image provided appears to be a photocopied document and does not contain any distinct photographs.

The text in the document is as follows:

```
TEXAS OBSERVERS
AMATEUR ASTRONOMY
OSCAR E. MONNIG
1010 Morningside Dr.
FORT WORTH.3, TEXAS

1948, March 6.

Commanding General,
Fourth Air Force,
Hamilton Air Force Base,
Fairfield-Suisun, 
California.

attn. Major W. H. Printz (CIA)

Dear Sir:

I should be very glad to talk with you when you
stop by Dallas my office on March 13th, if I'm in town. I
probably shall be, but, sometimes, this time of the year I
get out on weekends trips.

Normally, I'd said, as I did in the fireball of Feb. 18, 1948,
over S.W. U.S., over northern New Mex.I can say there is
some reason to believe that this object was a novel day light
entrance meteor, designated as just a cloud in all
reports. The only immediately left but beyond the sub-visual point.
I do not know any correlation made with other witnesses,
nor accounts plus those corresponded only as far as my newspaper
file field who have the S.F. reports and the newspaper
editor at Norton.

The symphysis azimuth (direction of flight as projected
on the ground) of a fireball with northward 700 stat.
mi. (some of) ascent with the horizontally best rightly assaying
this last was probably 300° or less. The visible and point and
final conclusion was nearly over Page, Arizona a little over
2,500 ([...]) from this last point 270° as at 26 km. mins
(it was not more vertical than one Heavy Bomber abandons
in hand and sub-fall: height or investigation some climb 
or the station but what west of Clovis, New Mex, but it isn't in the
localities however north of the mountain of conformable.

Dec. 5. I witness of Winslow, Ariz; told a news
in particular to time stamped ample to watch from ramparts,
as this is these isolated and is and no up plasma I as an
orbital juxtaposition was to the maximum, while the shock 
wave due to one organizational casing for feed-back, a C.I. But,
with Buchanan, Kansas, was threatens for the arc which to
the starting days, did a B-29 to seize the region at once but with
almost no success. Personal, Individual searches are normally 
astronomically practical in such cases, but in this instance I
don't might yields a result.
```

Please note that due to the quality of the photocopy, a few words may not be transcribed with 100% accuracy, and there are some areas in the text where words are unclear, indicated by "[...]" where legibility is compromised.

- page 22 -

There are no photographs present on this page. The text of the document is as follows:

```
2

it is a "?’’guess, from the dust cloud, that the
little involved was distinctly friable and crumbly, and
that, if not all, or the fragments, will be small---pea-
sized or so; perhaps no larger than wheat or oat grains,
This would indicate fire notoriously lacking in
massiveness -- hardly a fire with any detecting apparatus,
I can put together and not far of ground within a few
mere *culturing lost forever.

A photograph of the cloud was to be a for amateur 
astronomer and to NMA. I have a copy of the picture 
...

It is barely possible that I will make a trip soon 
to and you know, I know of none who has retrieved 
one. And you know, all of this "confidential, and
* go it has been turning more or less jolously, 
Mainly, moon-rocket hunters and nowhere, and it would be 
most impolite for use to interfere in these search with 
a trumpet, to the world. In fact an for waste and misde-
meanor, I could be opened in the *n given my persistent 
continues. Thus, *is his reason in his attitude.)

I have been on the other side of the fence; if you do a
really innovative work on a relatively, you can’t like 
to have a 1916 to chip in and take the tangible results away 
from you when you materialize.

Yours sincerely,

[Handwritten signature]
```

Please note that the text contains a number of unclear portions, indicated by the presence of special characters and ellipses (...), likely due to the quality of the document and its reproduction.

- page 23 -

The document you've provided does not contain any photographs. It's a typed report or memorandum with some handwritten markings and annotations. Below is the transcribed text of the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

                                                                                       18 March 1948

INTERVIEW WITH MR. OSCAR E. MONNIG
Secretary, National Meteoritical Society

1. On 13 March 1948, while on a navigational training flight to Ft. Worth, Texas, Major Melvin W. Faulk interviewed Mr. Oscar E. Monnig. Mr. Monnig is Secretary of the National Meteoritical Society. He has been actively engaged, as an amateur, in research on and the collection of meteorites since 1930, and hence is regarded as an expert on the subject.

2. Mr. Monnig quoted two other authorities on the subject. Their names and addresses are:

    a. Professor H. H. Nininger
       P.O. Box 1171
       Winslow, Arizona

    b. Dr. C. C. Wylie
       University of Iowa
       Iowa City, Iowa

3. Major Faulk queried Mr. Monnig specifically on the explosion of a supposed meteorite at 1705 CST, 13 February 1948. It was stated that this phenomenon was definitely that of a meteorite, or daylight fireball. The most conclusive evidence of this is a photograph taken of the dust cloud left by the fireball. This photograph was taken from a point 3 miles north of Moran, Kansas by Duane E. Priebe of Norton, Kansas. Mr. Priebe said that, the daylight to this photograph is deliberate, right at 1700. It is advised to contact this photographer to it said during the explosion of a meteorite outside the atmosphere of the earth, that is between say, that is, at a black body, at achieving a temperature of about 450C. Upon reaching the air layer of this earth, it becomes a triple-heated and is subjected to increasing pressure; this causes a release of a trail of gases which usually explode at an altitude of about 20 miles above the earth. After the explosion, a visible dust cloud remains in the atmosphere. The meteorite now usually consists of a cluster of small stones which continue on to strike the earth. Their pattern of impact de-pends upon the inclination of their flight path with the earth's surface, and varies from a slightly oval to an elongated ellipse. It is felt that the path is observed, the point of impact is calculated, and interested parties, such as planetarians, make a search for the particles. The particles, when found, usually resemble small stones and are composed chiefly of silicates, some may be a fused shell surrounding the particles, usually about a 1 to 3 mm. thick, which is an ordinary of chiding or a few ounces.

Final evidence that the 13 February incident was a fireball will be the discovery of meteoritic particles. The discovery will probably will be confirmed by Professor Nininger, since the trail it was calculated to have fallen generally near soap-spring, Arizona an advantageous local. The particles may not occur very soon, or it may be as long as 12 months before any particles are found.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the resolution and quality of the text, there may be minor errors in transcription.

- page 24 -

The image provided is a document page with text but does not contain any photographs. 

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

5. Mr. M*****g exhibited a series of four photographs taken of a meteorite dust cloud or "train" taken on 20 May 1944 by Cpl. A. L. *****s, ASN 37307171, c/o Photo Section, PAAF, Pampa, Texas. The present address of the corporal is unknown, but his photographs are copyrighted. Acquisition of these and other photographs of similar nature would be valuable for Project "Stork" for comparative purposes. Mr. M*****g requested that if the copyright owner of these photographs is located, he be informed so that he may obtain additional copies.

6. Mr. M*****g quoted the book, "The Book of the Damned" by Charles Fort as an interesting collection of unexplained aerial phenomena. He said that the incidents are authentic, but Mr. Fort's conclusions and interpretations are fantastic.

7. Mr. M*****g said that he will keep this office informed of his opinions on any future sightings of aerial phenomena that come to his knowledge.

/s/ Melvin C. *****z
MELVIN C. *****Z
Major, USAF

[There is a section on the bottom right of the page with the following text:]

ORG FILE COPIES TO: INITIALS

/Crossed signatures/

- 0.5
- 0.4
(Note: Part of the text and signatures are redacted.)

The document is a page reference from a file with a 'UNCLASSIFIED' marking and includes a handwritten note that is not fully legible. A black bar at the bottom of the page possibly indicates redaction or is a scanning artifact.

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any clear photographs—only text is visible on the page. The text is heavily distorted, but I will transcribe as much as I can make out:

```
16 FEB 48                UNCLASSIFIED

                          AIR FORCE CONFIDENTIAL ENVELOPE
                          IN THE NAME OF 1952, MARCH 6, NMB. - 

                          24 March 1952
                          Commander General
                          Air Defense Command
                          Ent A.F.B., Colorado, Air Force Base
                          Denver, Colorado
                          ATTN: AC/S
                          
The attached Spot Intelligence Report, dated 21 March 1952,
and copy of Letter to Headquarters USAF, dated 22 March 1952, are
forwarded for your information and any action deemed appropriate.

                                      JAMES T. LOCONNER(?)
                                      Colonel, USAF
                                      Deputy for Air

1. This Intelligence died 22 (illegible)
2. Colonel actions are named (illegible)

Copy to:
HQ USAF W/C acy acule (?)

                          DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
                          DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
                          DOD DIR 5200.

                          UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the distortion and quality of the text, some words are illegible or uncertain, and the accuracy of the transcription is not guaranteed. The document appears to be related to a UFO report and administrative military correspondence concerning intelligence reports and letters.

- page 26 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided. It is a document with text only. Below is the transcription of the text contained in the document:

---

TEXAS OBSERVERS
Amateur Astronomy
1010 Morrison Dr
Ft. Worth 3, Texas

1947 May 15

Commanding General
Wright-Patterson Base
Dayton, Ohio

Attn: Maj. M. W. Faulk (WIAA)

Dear Sir:

While there was never any doubt in my mind, I can now report to you finally that there is tangible proof that the fireball of Feb. 13 over Northern Kansas was just that, inasmuch as meteorites have been recovered from it.

These were found beginning Apr 24. First several smaller fragments up to 1/2-1/2 pounds came to light. Then a distributed not in a clover field lad to the digging up of a piece of some 100 pounds about two feet in the soil.

You can get details from the preliminary reports I forwarded you to before. Also Prof. H. H. Nininger made the normal initial survey, Dr. L. La Paz came in later and got most of the thing wrapped up and agreed to, and Bowen wrote of their of them for details or confirmation. To date, Von could well answer secondarily, a technical curve for curve the type is listed as 12. It is reported to be of a type which will deteriorate rapidly, of heavy meteorite, some sand many of its own.

Incidentally, when we talked together you may recall that I asked you whether you could help me locate a former Cnb. Al Norris. Trouble yourself no further, as I found him by inquiry thru ordinary channels.

Now I'll seek you error favor. In some possible work in area containing iron meteorites, I could use a metal detector weekly. I have been checking into the types of units the Army had left and sadly, I am told that they had two AN/PRS-2, and a tweezed 3 out. Halfway the same, confused that these are nice detectors, we could that there will be information on these (instructions, etc.), and who helps on it that other semi available? I have located two surplus outfits who sell these, but am wondering if the Army or the War Assets has any more.

Sincerely,
Oscar Monnig

---

- page 27 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a document, and here is the text transcribed from the document:

---

MCIA/b-3

               MCIA/b-3/JCG/aw

15 June 1948

Mr. Oscar B. Monnig
Texas Observers
Amateur Astronomy
1010 Farmingdale Drive
Fort Worth 3, Texas

Dear Mr. Monnig:

      Reference is made to your letter of 16 May 1948 to Commanding General, Air Material Command, attention Major W. A. Faulk. Major Faulk has been transferred; however, the project on which he was working is a continuing one at this Headquarters.

      Enclosed are two technical manuals on the AN/APS-1 and SCR-625 Mine Detectors. No information is available at this Command as to where surplus equipment of this type may be obtained.

      It would be appreciated if you would continue to send any information of the type Major Faulk discussed with you to this Command, attention MCIA/b-3.

                                     Yours very truly,
                                     [Signature]
                                     JAMES C. CRAM
                                     Lt. Col., USAF
                                     Technical Intel Dir.

2 incl:
1. TM 11-1122
2. TM 1151

---

- page 28 -

There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Here is the transcribed text of the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

             HEADQUARTERS 28TH BOMBARDMENT WING (VH) BCM/emg
             Office of the Intelligence Officer
             Wagner Air Force Base
             Weaver, South Dakota

 A-2 350.09                                                    25 February 1948.

SUBJECT: Smoking Object.

TO: Commanding General,
     Air Material Command,
     Wright Patterson Air Force Base,
     Daytoon, Ohio.
     ATTN: TID.

1. In compliance with paragraph 3, Regulations Number 85-5, Head-
quarters Strategic Air Command, Andrews Air Force Base 20, Delcy dated
19 February 1948, the following information is submitted for your
information and guidance:

   a. Smoking Object sighted approximately 1500 hours MST,
      13 February 1948, ____X____ approximately 20,000' over by B-29
      Aircraft of 28th Bombardment Group (VH), assigned this command.
   
   b. Weather at the time: Clear.
   
   c. Names, Occupations, and addresses of Witnesses:

      Captain, Howard H. Berroth, A0-439054, 718th Bomb Sq.,
      28th Bomb Gr (VH). Pilot of 1st B-29.

      Captain, Barnsloe R. Kitmurray, A0-440234, 718th Bomb Sq.
      28th Bomb Gr (VH). Co-Pilot of 1st B-29.

      1st Lt. Leonard P. Mapeshead, A0-777474, 718th Bomb Sq.
      28th Bomb Gr (VH). Pilot of 2nd B-29.

      1st Lt. Carl J. Stuckd, A0-759516, 717th Bomb Sq.
      28th Bomb Gr (VH). Co-Pilot of 2nd B-29.

   d. Photographs of objects, if avaliable: None avaliable.
   
   e. Sketchees of object's configuruation: None.

   2. Object sighted: Smoking Object.

      (1) Numbers: One (1).

      (2) Shape: Huge multi-colored ball of fire and a dense
          column of smoke followed.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 29 -

The image provided is of a text document, and there are no photographs present within the document itself. Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

---

A huge multi-colored ball of fire trailing a dense cloud of smoke was sighted at approx 1500 hours MST 16 Feb '50, appr 10-15° W of approx 20,000' two f[...] aircraft of the 28th Bomber [...] (T). It was est [...] some 100 miles southeast of L....ng. Since we estimated [...] was also impossible to determine accurately size to the distance. It was traveling at very high speed and beading southeast of L....ng Colorado, at approx 20,000 ft.

Witnesses: Capt Leonard E. [...]artyn, Jr, Joseph, [...], 719th Bomb Sq 28th Bomb Gp (VH). Pilot of lead B-29

Capt Marion E. [...]meister, A(...) quis 719th Bomb Sq 28th Bomb Gp (VH). Co-Pilot of lead B-29.

1st Lt Kenneth P. [...] Pasco, [...]nell, 719th Bomb Sq., 28th Bomb Gp (...) Pilot of #2 B-29

1st Lt Carl V. Brandt, Jr., O(...) (...) 719th Bomb Sq 28th Bomb Gp (VH). Co-Pilot of #2 B-29.

NOTE: See Ind [...] 101 - Northern Korea.

---

Please note that the text includes areas of missing or obscured information, likely due to the condition or quality of the original document. These are indicated by ellipsis points (...) where the text is not legible.

- page 30 -

The image displays a page from a document, with no photographs present.

The text on the document reads:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Ellsworth, AFB, SD-2 350.07, Hq 28th Bomb Wing (TW), Ellsworth Air Force Base,
Rapid City, South Dakota, dated 26 February 1948, Con't'd.

1. (Continued)
(3) Size: Huge size, seen 100 miles southeast of the 
    B-29s. At this distance was impossible to accurately
    figure the size.

(4) Color: Multi-colored ball of fire and a dense cloud
    of smoke.

(5) Speed: Very high speed.

(6) Heading: Southeast of Limon, Colorado.

(7) Maneuverability: Explosion rate.

(8) Altitude: Approximately 20,000'.

(9) Sound: Could not be observed, because personnel were
    in B-29 Aircraft at approximately 10,000' at the time.

(10) Exhaust trail or not: A vapor trail with a ball of
     fire at the head of trail.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

BENJAMIN C. MARSHALL,
Captain, USAF,
Intelligence Officer.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 31 -

There are no photographs on the page. Here is the text output from the document:

```
AFMDC Form No. 105/31 (Rev 10 Sep 46)
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND
WRIGHT FIELD, DAYTON, OHIO
MAR 22 1948

MCIA

SUBJECT: Request for Address of [REDACTED]

TO:
The Adjutant General
Washington 25, D. C.

It is requested the present address of CORPORAL [REDACTED]
AF 39[REDACTED]7, be furnished this office. The last known address of
[REDACTED] was PAAF, Pampa, Texas.

                                        FOR THE COMMANDING GENERALS:
                                        [Signature Redacted]
                                        Colonel, USAF
                                        Chief of Intelligence

AGRS-DP                                                        1st Ind

AGO, Department of the Army, Records Administration Center, St. Louis 20,
Missouri, 2 April 1948.

TO: Commanding General, Air Material Command, Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio.

The records show that Ansils, Alexander, 52 790 171, furnished as
his address for future reference at time of discharge 10 January 1946:
[REDACTED] New York.

                                      FOR THE ADJUTANT GENERAL:
```

Please note that certain portions of the text have been redacted, denoted by [REDACTED].

- page 32 -

There is no photograph included in the image of the document provided. The text of the document reads as follows:

MCIA/JCZ/amb
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
XXXXXXXXXX
15 April 1948

N. Y.
Dear Sir:

This Command is currently engaged in an intelligence study involving the identification of meteors and meteorites. Mr. Oscar E. Monnig, Secretary of the Texas Meteoritical Society, Fort Worth, Texas, has advised that you have taken a series or set of pictures of "tear-drop" tektites, and that you might possibly be able to furnish this headquarters with a set of these photographs.

If this is not possible, please inform this office as to the name and address of the company holding the copyrights on these pictures.

Sincerely yours,

W. R. CLINGMAN
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Tech Intelligence Div
Intelligence Department

- page 33 -

There are no photographs in the image provided. However, there is a stamp at the bottom with the word "RESTRICTED". Here is the text from the document:

---
Incident #103 -- air near Green River, Utah -- 18 February 1948

It seems probable that the object observed here was 
the bolasite meteorite seen at an earlier part of its trajectory. 
See report on incident #102 for discussion. 

RESTRICTED
---

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. Here is the text output:

I submit there is a likelihood that on June 21, 1947, something like a space-ship came here from the moon and upon February 21, 1948, returned to the moon.

This is of course speculation.

But has anyone yet explained the "flying discs" in terms of all the pretty-well proven facts in connection with them?

Has anyone yet devised a fuel powerful enough to kick a rocket from earth to the moon?

There have been hundreds of reports, during the past century, of observations which imply this world is visited from outside space. A string of contacts by these portentous visitors ending suddenly indicates chilling fear beyond ours, to the point where it would be in expedient for their numbers to have to do with us en-masse.

These reports have not been seriously considered by science, which in general ignores them.

However, according to Dr. Roes of Chamberlin Observatory, Denver, there is nothing in astronomy to explain the thing which exploded over Morehouse, Dr. Linking’s idea that the thing was a meteor flatly disregards Dr. Root's opinion, which may have been based on the Denver Post's statement that a Denver man saw the associate object twenty minutes before the explosion occurred.

I submit that the army needs men who are capable of recognizing the anomalies bodforementioned when they occur, even if only to aid in speculation regarding them.

The undersigned offers his services to that end, if the Army may wish to avail itself of them.

/s/

[Signature redacted]

- page 35 -

The image shows a text-heavy document with no photographs present. Here is the output of the text as if it were processed by an OCR system:

---

Excerpt of a letter dated April 11, 1949 from Dr. [Redacted], Director, Institute of Meteoritics, University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, New Mexico, to the Deputy Executive Director, Committee on Unorthodoxical [sic] Sciences, Research and Development Board:

Thank you for the surprising document sent me under date of March 20. As you remark, certain aspects of [Redacted] letters are fantastic (For example (1) the fireball procession of 1913, February 9, was certainly meteoric, although a rare type of chain fall; (2) no astronomer could take seriously [Redacted] "invasion by beings from Venus or the incon-' throaty" (3) he appears to lend best belief to the Air Force, upon untrustworthy evidence, of weapons of fission, fusion, high explosives attributed to the U. S. OSS [Redacted word to be researched] - nevertheless [Redacted] is justified in calling attention to certain instances of these phenomena (e.g. [Redacted] this field, himself (in the Green River instance, for example, his and [Redacted] evaluations of facts reported by observers on the ground, ground positions (not his balloon (in trouble)

As regards the Kansan, Kansas [Redacted] phenomenon, I remain convinced, also the Pow-Besse incident, it was a genuine meteoric fall, with one or exceptional things (again like the Pow-Besse fall). However, there are many curious aspects of both these falls, some of an objecting [sic] nature, like the familiar fact that in spite of intensive searches (admittedly under bad terrain and weather conditions), not a trace of meteoritic material has so far been [Redacted] nor in spite of intensive searches (ad-static voluble testimony given by Mr. [Redacted] Mrs. [Redacted], and the managers of the two cable lines, both to members of the staff of the University (Correllation of Kansas and to Institute of Meteoritics field survey parties. (See exhibits A, B and C enclosed).

Some comment on their testimony as appears in [Redacted] and C would seem desirable.

1. [Redacted] first reported the battery case as red hot. When I pointed out that the par on it was not charred, his account was changed to "too hot to handle". The Institute of Meteoritics party found only two men, not four, who saw the battery case fall. The battery case has been examined by Dr. [Redacted], Department of Physics, University of New Mexico, who states that it appears to be identical with the small batteries used in portable radios.

[Text appears to continue but is cut off]

---

The above text reflects the content visible in the document as provided and is a faithful reproduction of such to the best of my ability given the image quality and redacted sections.

- page 36 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page of text. Here is the text output using OCR:

3. A determined effort is under way to check up on the veracity
(and sanity!) I had no either seen nor talked to -------, but another member
of the Institute of Aeronautics purity (Dr. -------, an instructor in the
Dept. of Mathematics) who did go to -------- (who is a well-to-do 
farmer) to be sincere and very badly scared. Of course vagueness to a big
meteorite fall would scare one as badly as an atom bomb but how could it
produce such testimony as ---------
   
The three meteorite incidents from the month of Fall of 1945, November 20
(from which no tektites have been recovered and!) through the sequence
of six White Sands culminating into the Port ------ of December 8, 1946,
coupled with a total eight as the USSR incident, convinces me that either
the earth is under a most unusual cosmic bombardment or many of the
eyeballs are not meteorites at all. While I still cling to the meteoritic
hypothesis, it is clear that while ever statements are the right ones, the
situation cries aloud for thorough investigation.

- page 37 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It is a typed document. Here is the text as an OCR output:

(COPY)

EXHIBIT A

Roy W. Cox, Director of Highways

STATE HIGHWAY COMMISSION
OF KANSAS 

Division 3
Norton

ITEMS TAKEN AT NORTON, KANS., Night of Feb 16

He states-on evening above at Norton, while he wears that approximately 10:50 PM he was standing in the north window of the Post Office in Norton he looking toward the City Hall then he was suddenly illuminated very brightly by some horrible lights.

He ran outside into the street where others were looking toward the northeast at a very large cloud of white smoke high in the sky, he stated that in about a minute and a half, there was a terrific explosion followed by a heavy rumbling noise like thunder and that the smoke cloud was moving here all the time. Also there was a white smoke trail in the sky from the southwest where the missile had come from.

He said that from the center of the street, the explosion and the first big mushroom of smoke was directly overhead and at a tremendous height.

He stated in an interview that just prior to the explosion, he had heard the motors of an airplane.

Chief Scott learned from some man in Norton that just following the explosion, something fell at his feet on the street and he picked it up, to find that it was a small flashlight battery resembling those used in fountain pen flashlights and that it was very hot. After a crowd of men gathered and examined it, he was unable to find it, and thinks that someone took it.

Someone on East of Norton was about 5 miles South of Prairie View then he heard something roaring in the sky to the West of him, far away and very high. He says that it resembled a rocket travelling northeast ward and downward, and that suddenly there was a terrific explosion followed by a formation of white smoke and that there followed other explosions or something other explosions. About like he said the first one quiet-like periodic eruptions, in other words, losing activity.

A boy by name, -, was standing beside father at the time and heard the high roar overhead, raised a finger to a westerly direction to indicate fringe and he saw at Norton a mushroom of smoke.

- page 38 -

The page from the document does not contain any photographs. It is a typewritten page with text describing UFO sightings. I will now reproduce the text as an OCR system:

---

EXHIBIT 3

Statements taken from ____ and ____

My name is ____ and I live on a farm 4½ miles west of Stockton
and 1½ miles north of St R 26.

On Thursday 12 at about 5 P.M., I was standing near my hog-pen about 100'
east cf my house, when I heard the pheasants raising a disturbance and the
chickens all rushed to the chicken-house. I looked round toward the house
to see who was causing it and saw something hovering just above the house,
over toward the house, and then lowered over the north end of the house
and settled toward me toward the hog-pen. Then very near me, approximately 5'
then it lowered a little and with a wig and jerk, milled around for an
instant, flame belching out of it and away and back in the thing went about
7' in a jagged something like a funnel. There was a pipe sticking out at the
back of it, and gas as it wobbled around; the shape was sticking out as fire
it suddenly threw some logs or pipes or some round thing, and this thing
descended as if a tube might have lighted and it took off in a northwesterly
direction very fast, climbing slightly as it went. My wife heard it when and
ran out where I stood, and we watched it; leaving a trail of smoke all the
time, smoke where it was a great cloud of smoke in the sky, not more than
1½” in diameter by 3½”. It was not in motion for more than 10 or 15 seconds
we figured it, then stopped for almost ten seconds or more, we heard an
explosion a bang, just as if it could blow all the air in out. I went in this
been washing my car prior to the occurrence, stating that word, there would
have been maybe spit in the yard where the thing started up because there was
a great rush of fire past it when it left. It must have been quite high when
it exploded.

---

There was a day, Son of ____ at about 5:00 Kingston on RS 36, at the time,
was driving north side U. Highway. At, his aunt's 5 or 5:30 ____, at its arc of time
station on his house in the range, there is a braid something queer in the sky.
Looking up to the south-west, he saw what appeared to be an Arabian package
lead the thing had been driven he saw in traverse, it landed and then rose
dashed off the house. He then mentioned, veered its course, almost on
a level not losing altitude a little, and it then exploded with a big clond
of smoke, apparently over Morton, from whence he was, south of Prairie View,
he rode on toward home a ways, when suddenly the second and part of the explosion
reached him. Nay, he was home in the house, when he heard and felt something
felt and felt ... ast it may have stuck the house. The rain part of the house and ten
times a narrow escaped cloud of smoke, about ten minutes later, a part of the
plane being drowned distinctly over their homes, and went in east over
the plains.

---

[keys and illegible scribbles at the bottom of the page]

---

- page 39 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a typewritten document and contains only text. I will now provide the text as displayed on the document:

---
but slightly east. Suddenly, about 1 and 1/2 minutes after he had seen the
flash, there was a terrific explosion and jar, shaking the ground and causing
the windows all around to rattle. Following the explosion, there were several
loud reverberating rumblings across the heavens. He stated that the explosion
noise was very high.

---

_______, a boy living at Regar, just east of Norcatur, was outside the
elevator, he when he observed the explosion, looked up and saw the huge cloud
of smoke. He stated that it was almost overhead but slightly west of him.
He said that it was a big explosion. This elevator man was out in the
elevator, when he heard the explosion. He thought that his oil-burner had
exploded in the office and ran in to see about it. Finding it O.K., he ran
outside to see what had exploded, saw the big cloud of smoke high overhead,
slightly west.

---

Totten Kansas newspaper carried a story about 6 days ago of one justs
like this one, coming from the south to vicinity of Lola, Kansas, where it
turned west and disappeared into the sky.

---

Check with Chief Scott of Norton about a burned flashlight battery
which fell in the streets of Norton just after the explosion. It was too
hot to be picked up for several minutes, Chief Scott has it in

---

(Note: A copy of Exhibit "M" referred to in letter from Mr. _______ was
not received.)

---

Please note that some parts of the text are obscured or redacted, which I've indicated with underscores where specific words or names were not legible or intentionally removed.

- page 40 -

The image contains no photographs, only text. Below is the text extracted from the document:

---
TEXAS OBSERVERS
AMATEUR ASTRONOMY

OSCAR E. MONNK
1010 Morningside Dr.
FORT WORTH 3, TEXAS

Confidential, not to be circulated
1948, March 5.

Commanding General,
Air Materials Command,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio.

attn. Major W. A. Adams (CIA)

Dear Sir;

I should be very glad to talk with you when you
stop by toward end of month, if I'm in town. I
probably shall be, but, sometimes this time of the year
I go on my Venezuelan trips.

Meanwhile, the radiant, the Fireball of Feb. 15,
2300 MST. C.U.T., over northern Mojave, I can now by the 19
see no reason to believe that this object was a normal daylight
thing. It did not maintain a just a dead cloud and in all
probabliity demonstrated itself just beyond the sun's (final point.
I can not place any Lateral change here with clarity on map,
nor recount play among coordinated and new colored sightings
supplied who was there to report and the newspaper
editor at Morton.

The azimuth maximum (direction of fill was projected
to a ground arc of filament 11 with north 700 East. The
the (cone) of ascent with the horizontally merely 500 yards
of but was probably 300 or less. The visible and point and
cloud collision was nearly over Page 27, a little town near 
that location. This is abstract only as I can always
be reached by and sub-fill is one of those aberration things
dealing with objects falling. The investigation also falls
in with the light part of cycle in mists, but I think the tale 
escalation higher up nor off the honest count of cotton.

March 6. In matter of Winslow, Ariz., Feb 20 (the trip
to and particular to time example I wish to watch for crop marks,
this had the horizonal aspect as same quantity. This so
much was for light rated on to the map place, but this
this - not luminescent nor static exchange. A disc, but shock-
wave affecting days, as was strong for meteoritic with
it no success. Personal, Individual searches are normally
economically practical in such cases, but in this instance I
might yield a result.
---

- page 41 -

The image contains a portion of a report or a letter from Project Blue Book with text and a signature at the bottom. There are no photographs visible in the image. Here is the extracted text from the document:

---
2

it is a fair guess, from the dust cloud, that the
item involved was instinctively friable and crumbly, and
it did not sift through the hands and fingers—a notably small sand.
Else its components would be larger than wheat or peanuts.
A man with an astronomical telescope, knowingly located in
the right place, might be able to find with his sun detecting apparatus,
something that crashed only a few miles away within a few
hours—probably are lost forever.

A photograph of the cloud was taken by an amateur
in Central Utah and sent to A.P. I have a copy of the picture
onaria.

It is barely possible that I will make a trip soon
out to the location. I know of no one who has retrieved
a meteor that they have actually seen descending while they
were logically equipped. All of this is unprecedented, and
almost fantastic, but I would like to have a piece less loosely
held by the hands on things scientific and technical, and it would be
appropriate for me to interfere in this search with a
meteor. I would be standing in the sun for maybe a couple
of hours. (Perhaps that is his reason for his reluctance.)
I have been on the other side of the fence; if you do a
railroad investigation work on a threadbare, you can't hide
the evidence or cling to it and hide the tangible results away
for when they materialize.

Yours sincerely,
[Signature appears here]
--- 

Please note that due to the poor quality of the text and possible transcription errors or missing fragments, there might be inconsistencies or gaps in the text.

- page 42 -

There is no photograph present in the image of the document.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
( UNCLASSIFIED (

( 

13 March 1948
INTERVIEW WITH MR. OSCAR E. MONNIG
Secretary, National Meteoritical Society

1. On 13 March 1948, while on a navigational training flight to Ft. Worth, Texas, Major Melvin W. Faulk interviewed Mr. Oscar E. Monnig. Mr. Monnig is Secretary of the National Meteoritical Society. He has been actively engaged, as an amateur, in research on and the collection of meteorites since 1930, and hence is regarded as an expert on the subject.

2. Mr. Monnig quoted two other authorities on the subject. Their names and addresses are:

a. Professor H. H. Mininger
P.O. Box 1171
Winslow, Arizona

b. Dr. C. C. Wylie
University of Iowa
Iowa City, Iowa

3. Major Faulk quosted Mr. Monnig specifically on the explosion of a supposed meteorite at 1705 CST, 13 February 1948. It was stuted that this phenomenon was definitely that of a meteorite, or daytime fireball. The most conclusive evidence of this is a photograph taken of the dust cloud left by the fireball. This photograph was taken from a point 13 miles north of Morton, Kansas by Duane E. Pomeroy of Norton, Kansas. Mr. Pomeroy had the foresight to this photograph to Mr. Monnig. The flight of a meteorite through our atmosphere can be divided into three phases. It is observed to come into the earth, that is sail through the air, as a black body, at a temperature of about 45℃. Upon reaching the air layer of the earth, it becomes a triple-phase head and is subjected to increasing pressure; this causes a release of a trail of gases which usually explode at an altitude of about 20 miles above the earth. After the explosion, a viable dust cloud remains in the atmosphere. The meteorite now usually consists of a cluster of small stones which continue on to strike the earth. Their pattern of impact de- pends upon the inclination of their flight path with the earth's surface, and varies from a slightly oval to an elongated ellipse. It is at this point the interested, the point of impact is calculated, and interested parties, such as observers, make a search for the particles. The particles, when found, usually resemble small stones and are composed chiefly of silicates, hem- be a curved shell surrounding the particles, usually about a ⅛ in., thick, which is an ordinarily of chiding origin of a few ounces

Final evidence that the 13 February incident was a fireball will be the discovery of meteoritic particles. The discovery will probably be confirmed by Professor Mininger, since the territories calculated to have fallen over as a result of the explosion are under his closest observation. 
(CRUDDED OUT)

there may not occur very soon, or it may be as long as 12 months before any particles are found,

UNCLASSIFIED 
```

- page 43 -

The image doesn't contain any photographs, it only contains text and a small stamped section with handwritten notes at the bottom right corner.

The text in the document is as follows:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

5. Mr. Morning exhibited a series of four photographs taken of a meteorite
dust cloud or "train" taken on 20 May 1944 by Cpl. A. L. Annis, ASN 52790171,
c/o Photo Section, PAAF, Pampa, Texas. The present address of the corporal is
unknown, but his photographs are copyrighted. Acquisition of these and other
photographs of similar nature would be valuable for Project "SIGN" for com-
parative purposes. Mr. Morning requested that if the copyright owner of these
photographs is located, he be informed so that he may obtain additional copies.

6. Mr. Morning quoted the book, "The Book of the Damned" by Charles Fort
as an interesting collection of unexplained aerial phenomena. He said that
the incidents are authentic, but Mr. Fort's conclusions and interpretations
are fantastic.

7. Mr. Morning said that he will keep this office informed of his opinions
on any future sightings of aerial phenomena that come to his knowledge.

/s/ Melvin N. Futch
MELVIN N. FUTCH
Major, USAF

ORG FILE COPIES TO: INITIALS

[There are handwritten initials that cannot be transcribed.]

---

(Note: As per your request, I have acted as an OCR system and provided you with the text in the document. Please be aware that due to image quality and OCR limitations, some minor inaccuracies in transcription may occur.)

- page 44 -

The image provided is of a page from an old document. There is no photograph present on this page; it is a textual document. Here is the OCR output of the visible text on the document:

```
16 FEB 48 UNCLASSIFIED

                              24 March 1949

Air Materiel Command
   Intelligence T/S
   Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
   Attention: Colonel McCoy

Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: MCIS

The attached Spot Intelligence Report, dated 21 March 1949, 
and copy of Letter to Headquarters OSI, dated 23 March 1949, are 
forwarded for your information and any action deemed appropriate.

                   JAMES T. LOOCKERMAN
                   Colonel, USAF
                   District Commandant
Copy to: 
HQ OSI w/o any encls -

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.
```

Due to the quality and wear of the document, some of the text is unclear, and I have transcribed only the text that is legible. There are portions of text that are not readable due to the quality of the scan.

- page 45 -

There is no photograph present in this image.

Here is all the text found in the document:

```
TEXAS OBSERVES
Amateur Astronomy
1810 Morrison Dr
Ft. Worth 3, Texas

1948 May 15

Commanding General
Wright-Patterson Base
Dayton, Ohio

Attn: Maj. W. M. Faulk (V/CA)

Dear Sir:

While there was never any doubt in my mind, I can now report to
you finally that there is tangible proof that the fireball of Feb. 13 over
Northern Kansas was just that, inasmuch as meteorites have been recovered
from it.

Three were found beginning Apr 24, First several smaller fragments
up to maybe 1-1/2 pounds came to light. Then a distributor moving into a clover
field led to the digging up of a piece of some 109 pounds about two feet in
the soil.

You can get details from the various scientists I referred you to before.
Also Prof. H. H. Nininger made the preliminary report to me, Dr. L. La Paz
came in later and got most of the material concerned. To date, you could
write either of them for details or confirmation as the type is what is
termed an "H conadrite," a technical Chrondrite however unusual heavy meteorite.
It is reported to be of a type which will deteriorate rapidly. I have
also examined many of it's atoms.

Incidentally, when we talked together you may recall that I asked
you whether you could help me locate a former Cpl. Adkins, Trueba
yourself no further, as I found him by inquiry thru ordinary channels.

Now I'll send you enother [error] favor. In some possible work in areas
containing iron meteorites, I could use a metal detector weakly. I have
been checking into the types of units the Army had left and sold as surplus,
find that they had some AN/PRS-2 and in trying for half way the same,
am told that there was also detectors, who could utilize that asian Information
or types (instructions, etc,), and why he could find whether semi 
valuluables? I have located two surplus outfits who sell these, but am
wondering if the Army or the War Assets has any more.

Sincerely,

Cedar Morris
```

- page 46 -

There is no photograph present in the image you've provided. Here is the text output from the document:

```
MCIAO-3/JCG/aw
                       15 June 1948

Mr. Oscar E. Monnig
Texas Observers
Amateur Astronomy
1010 Northridge Drive
Fort Worth 3, Texas

Dear Mr. Monnig:

     Reference is made to your letter of 16 May 1948 to
Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, attention Major
W. E. Zehlk, Major Zehlk has been transferred; however,
the project on which he was working is a continuing one
at this Headquarters.

     Inclosed are two technical manuals on the AN/TPS-1
and SCR-625 Mine Detectors. No information is available 
at this Command as to where surplus equipment of this type 
may be obtained. 

     It would be appreciated if you would continue to
send any information of the type Major Zehlk discussed with
you to this Command, attention MCIAO-3.

                                Yours very truly

                                JAMES C. EVANS
                                2 incl:
                                Lt. Col., USAF
                                1. TM 11-1172          Technical Intel Div.
                                2. TM 1151
```

- page 47 -

The image provided is a scanned document page and does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS 28TH BOMBARDMENT WING (VH)
Office of the Intelligence Officer
Weaver Air Force Base
Rapid City, South Dakota

25 February 1949.

A-2 350.09

SUBJECT: Smoking Object.

TO: Commanding General,
     Air Material Command,
     Wright Patterson Air Force Base,
     Dayton, Ohio.
ATTN: TID.

1. In compliance with paragraph 3, Regulation Number 4-5, Head-
quarters Strategic Air Command, Andrews Air Force Base, 20 Dec.45, dated
19 February 1949, the following information is submitted for your
information and guidance:

    a. Smoking Object sighted approximately 1500 hours MST,
    13 February 1949, 30 Z, ____approxiamtely 20,000' by two B-29
    Aircraft of 28th Bombardment Group (VH), assigned this command.

    b. Weather at the time: Clear.

    c. Names, Occupations, and addresses of Witnesses

    Captain, Howard H. Berroth, AO-800954, 718th Bomb Sq,
    28th Bomb Gr (VH). Pilot of 1st B-29.

    Captain, Ramsloe R. Melanson, AO-800243, 718th Bomb Sq
    28th Bomb Gr (VH). Co-Pilot of 1st B-29.

    1st Lie. Leonard P. Marpheeson, AO-791754, 718th Bomb Sq
    28th Bomb Gr (VH). Pilot of 2nd B-29.

    1st Lie. Cai W. Stoddi, AO-789546, 718th Bomb Sq,
    28th Bomb Gr (VH). Co-Pilot of 2nd B-29.

    d. Photographs of object, if available: None available.

    e. Sketches of object's configuration: None.

2. Object sighted: Smoking Object.

    (1) Numbers: One (1).

    (2) Shape: Huge multicolored ball of fire and a dense
    column of smoke followed.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

(There are some apparent typographical errors in the original text such as "approxiamtely" which should likely be "approximately," and "Lie" which is typically abbreviated as "Lt." for Lieutenant. These errors have been transcribed as they appear in the document.)

- page 48 -

No photographs are present in the image provided.

Acting as an OCR system, here is the output of all the text found in the document:

---

A huge multi-colored ball of fire trailing a dense cloud of smoke
was sighted at approx 1500 hours MWT 15 Feb '48, appr 10-12 mi W
appr 20,000' by two F-80 aircraft of the 449th Fighter Squadron (V).
It was estm some 100 miles southeast of L-25. Size was estimated as
large also impossible to determine accurately due to the distance.
It was traveling at very high speed and heading southeast of Lizard
Colorado, at appr 20,000 ft.

Witnesses: Capt Edward L. Ruppelt, 50 Joseph, 715th Bomb Sq
      28th Bomb Gp (V), Pilot of F-80 #49

      Capt Harrison C. Nuckles, 40 Dallas, 715th Bomb Sq
      28th Bomb Gp (V), co-pilot of 1st Ruppelt.

      1st Lt Kenneth P. Bergstrom, 30 Terrell, Texas
      Sq., 28th Bomb Gp...Pilot of #46 F-80

      1st Lt Carl V. Gustaffson, 30 Queens, 715th Bomb Sq
      28th Bomb Gp (V), co-pilot of 1st Bergstrom.

NOTE: See Indorsement 101 - Northwest Kansas.

---

- page 49 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document. Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Eglin AFB, file: K-332.50/Og, Hq 28th Bomb Wing (VB), Ellsworth AFB, Rapid
City, South Dakota, dated 26 February 1950, Cont'd

(Continued).

(3) Size: Huge Size, seen 100 miles southeast of the
B-29s. At this distance was impossible to accurately
figure the size.

(4) Color: Multi-colored ball of fire and a dense cloud
of smoke.

(5) Speed: Very high speed.

(6) Heading: Southeast of Limon, Colorado.

(7) Maneuverability: Explosion rate.

(8) Altitude: Approximately 20,000'.

(9) Sound: Could not be observed, because personnel were
in B-29s Aircraft at approximately 10,000' at the time.

(10) Exhaust trail or not: A vapor trail with a ball of
fire at the head of trail.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

BENJAMIN C. MARSHALL,
Captain, USAF,
Intelligence Officer.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 50 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. I'll now act as an OCR to transcribe the text:

HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND
WRIGHT FIELD, DAYTON, OHIO
MAR 22 1948

AFIMC Form No. 195A1 (Rv to Sep 46)

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
IN REPLY ADDRESS BOTH
COMMUNICATION AND EN-
VELOPE TO COMMANDING
GENERAL, AIR MATERIEL
COMMAND, ATTENTION
FOLLOWING OFFICE SYMBOL
MCIA

MCIA/SCD/amb

SUBJECT: Request for Address of [REDACTED]

TO: The Adjutant General
Washington 25, D. C.

It is requested the present address of CORPORAUL [REDACTED] A[REDACTED] be furnished this office. The last known address of
[REDACTED] was PAAP, Paampa, Texas.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

[Signature]
James G. Hausman
E. M. COX
Lt Colonel, USAF [REDACTED]
Chief of Intelligence

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________

AGRS-DD 1st Ind

AGO, Department of the Army, Records Administration Center, St. Louis 20,
Missouri, 2 April 1948.

TO: Commanding General, Air Material Command, Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio.

The records show that Ansilio, Alexander, S2 790 171, furnished as
his address for future reference at time of discharge 10 January 1946,
[REDACTED] New York.

FOR THE ADJUTANT GENERAL:

[The remainder of the document is cut off and not visible]

- page 51 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of a letter. Below is the text contained in the document as requested:

---
MCI/JGZ/amb
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 15 April 1948

S. Y.

Dear Sir:

This Command is currently engaged in an intelligence study involving the identification of meteors and meteorites. Mr. Oscar E. Monnig, Secretary of the Texas Meteoritical Society, Fort Worth, Texas, has advised that you may own all stocks and copyrights on pictures of meteorites and that you might possibly be able to furnish this headquarters with a set of these photographs.

If this is not possible, please inform this office as to the name and address of the company holding the copyrights on these pictures.

Sincerely yours,

T. R. CLINGMAN
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Tech Intelligence Div
Intelligence Department
---

- page 52 -

There is no photograph present on the page you have provided. Below is the text output from the image, acting as an OCR system:

```
1 May 1948
New York

Commanding General,
Air Materiel Command, Attn: MCIA
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio.

Gentlemen;

I am in receipt of a letter from Colonel W. R. Clingerman,
Chief, Tech. Intelligence Div., requesting photographs of
meteorite trails.

Enclosed is a series of four photos taken in the vicinity
of Pampa, Texas, of a meteorite trail on 20 May 1944.
These photos were made from 40 to 50 seconds after the
meteor's flight at about 15 second intervals. The time
interval was checked by actual rehearsal.

I hope these photos will be of help to you in your
research.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature]
```

- page 53 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter with some handwritten annotations and redacted portions. Here is the text output:

---

MLAID/JCJ/amb
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
XXXXXXXXXXXXX 
111 May 1948

[Redacted]

Dear Dr. [Redacted]:

Receipt is acknowledged of your series of four photographs of meteoritic trails taken near Pampa, Texas. This Headquarters appreciates your cooperation in furnishing these striking photographs.

Sincerely yours,

W. F. CLINGENSMITH
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Tech Intelligence Div
Intelligence Department

---

- page 54 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten note. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
3 ONLY 5X7
GLOSSY PHOTOS
OF THE METEOR TRAIL
FROM THE

NORTON, KANSAS
SIGHTING OF

18 Feb 1948

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 55 -

The image appears to be a scanned page of a document, but there is no photograph present in this image.

The text in the document is as follows:

---

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

(This line is unreadable due to poor scan quality)
23 March 1954

SUBJECT: Additional Information Desired
TO: Commanding Officer
3525th Pilot Training Wing (ATC)
Williams AFB, Arizona
ATTENTION: Maj. Homer D. Boren
(Direct Communicational is Authorized)

1. Information obtained does not call for the recovery
of ANG balloon No. ###, launched 28 October 1949, nevertheless, due to inability
of station to furnish master file card on each unrecovered balloon, this
headquarters is unable to determine status of this specific balloon. It is desired
therefore, that following is accomplished. 
a. Interview all available individuals who possess any personal knowledge
concerning the missing balloon. Individuals to be interviewed are to include all
company grade officers assign[unreadable] the project, i.e., officer in charge of 
tracking crews and those crews assigned thereto, in addition to member of
the administrative section. A careful check should be made as to records and
correspondence concerning arrangements for launching, tracking, and recovery
facilities, etc., and submit that portion pertinent to failure to recover balloon. 
b. As additional items which are deemed significant sppara [There seems to be a typo in the original document here as "significant sppara" does not make sense], these should be
forwarded with the report.

2. A brief description of recovery methods utilized by your station as applied
to ANG balloons should be included in the report. Any deviations from normal
procedures should be carefully noted together with reasons thereof.

(Everything below this point is either very blurred or cutoff, making it unreadable.)

---

Please note that due to the poor quality of the scan, some parts of the text were not clearly readable, especially where indicated with [unreadable] or the possible presence of a typo.

- page 56 -

The photograph depicts what appears to be a series of bright, irregularly shaped dots or blobs arranged in a non-linear formation against a dark background, stretching diagonally across the image. The image is grainy and low in contrast, with a couple of bright points near the upper edge that seem to be holes or marks on the photo. There is text in the bottom right corner, but the image quality is poor and the full text is illegible, only the word "PHOTO BY" is clearly visible.

Regarding your request to replicate any text on the document, there's not enough discernible text present to fulfill your OCR request. The poor image quality adds to the difficulty in making out any details beyond the clearly readable "PHOTO BY". If there is additional text in the document outside of the photograph, it is not visible within the current view provided.

- page 57 -

The photograph appears to be a black and white image showing an unidentified object or objects in the sky. There are two bright spots near the top of the image, which could be lights or reflections, and a curving line or trail of some sort near the bottom, possibly smoke, vapor, or a cloud. The photo is quite grainy, and it's challenging to make out clear details. The image captures something that may be in motion, given the presence of the trail, but it's difficult to ascertain the exact nature of the object(s) from this photo alone.

There appears to be text captioning the photograph, but it is not completely legible due to the resolution and quality of the image provided. It seems to say "PHOTO BY" followed by text that cannot be clearly discerned. If you can provide a better-quality image or more context, I may be able to offer a more detailed description or attempt to transcribe more accurately.

- page 58 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a highly grainy or noisy texture, which makes it difficult to discern specific details. There are two bright spots in the upper corner, likely the result of the photograph being pinned or held in place, and an irregularly shaped white object or formation near the center against a dark background, perhaps indicating some sort of motion or anomaly captured. There are no distinct details that can confirm the nature of the object or formation within the photo.

There is a label or a watermark that reads "PHOTO G" visible at the bottom right of the image. No other text is present within the photograph itself. If there is additional text within the document, it is not visible in the provided image.

- page 59 -

There are no photographs present in the image of the document you have provided.

The text from the document reads:

```
CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS                    Incident # 102

1. Date    13 February 1948
2. Time    1500 MST
3. Location               Air Near Green River, Utah
4. Name of observer       (B-29 Pilot, Lt., 28 Bomber Op)
5. Occupation of observer         Pilot Lt., Co-Pilot, [see reverse side
                                  for other witnesses]
6. Address of observer    77th Bomb Sq, 28th Bomb Op (VH), Weaver AFB, S.D.
7. Place of observation   39° ̲ ̲ - 110°W., near Green River, Utah
8. Number of objects      One
9. Distance of object from observer 100 miles
10. Time in sight 1/3
11. Altitude 20,000 feet
12. Speed    Very high
13. Direction of Flight   Southeast of Limon, Colorado
14. Tactics  Ex-lozigin rate
15. Sound    Could not be determined due to B-29 engine noise
16. Size     Huge
17. Color    Multi-colored ball of fire
18. Shape    Multi-colored ball of fire and dense cloud of smoke
19. Odor detected  N/S
20. Apparent construction  N/S
21. Exhaust trails   Vapor trail with ball of fire at head of trail
22. Weather conditions  Clear
23. Effect on clouds  N/S
24. Sketches or photographs   None
25. Manner of disappearance  N/S
26. Remarks   None Given
```

- page 60 -

The image you have provided does not contain any photographs, it is a text document. Here is the text, as an OCR system would produce:

---
21 June 51
HQ ATOMIC ENERGY COMMISSION
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

MEMORANDUM FOR: MR. KENWORTHY

The attached sketches are interpreted as possible severe repercussions to future
conclusions as to what was the descending fireball of December 9, 1948 in the 
Green River, Colorado region, from which a red ball of long phosphorescent tail
was seen, and no material having been recovered. The glowing ball of March 6
continues to hold its big part of conforming the pattern set by the two 
striation falls, in that investigators through a high authority identified
each of the settled zinc sample did indeed mark the long luminous course
surpassed our earth on this fall.

The characteristics analysis of Japan's group of microscopical meteorites
establishes the necessary microscopic size of 2milligrams and in
small fiber forms. Expected sources are still not publicly noted, the
presence of Indium certainly not an act of man origin product.
A constant paint of the film sediment cannot be said to be terrestrial
origin since none remains as it settles which does not leave the residue
of inorganic decomposition which by analysis should be fully noted and
satisfactory references made in the past 150 years. The pattern maintained in 
the falls indicate an exterior origin to our earth by the blue inclusions and
by the radic (radiated?) forms found. Experimental quartz glass extravasations and
crystals too a very low level for meteoric theory, since it forms a coarse
structure is in the decomposed rock products not noted in the
striation of falls. The quartz crystal theory, which one prominent met. has
attributed to all the falls, certainly does not apply to quartz forms passing
through our atmosphere to the earth. Insoluble, indestructible the stout striation
of a red of iron blue is impassable except by high velocity object entering earth's
atmosphere as it has done to the trench near Sandy Hook where two iron objects at 
two different diameters but lying near on the earth has been found.

Review by the Army Biological Laboratory on these unknown isolations 
did not find what they were, the materials of MO in laboratory of Indiana
polis, Ind., by the expert Mr. Philip [...] who finds no answer for his
expert, it seem impossible however, with the 1/2 tonnage of aerial
recording evidently of the fall areas in which the fires and the showers
of quick moving lighted materials which followed each other in rapid
quick burst laws. (Translation: The physical appearances and reasons should
be the special servicing to air corps against fire in the lower control top
under the direction of General Lewis H. Brereton, USA, US/OCom, ZI/Ops
and Weather.)

Filter a constant study make outside of the photographs of the
new gold quartz mineralogical piece which ranges in 3 inch diameter, with 
veins just intermitting strength size and 2 foot long, 12 inch wide
piece, it met. dust, lap 010, intermixed&here., 19%. Thus it is
from big phenomena that surpass the terrestrial mineral analysis
upon quartz in igneous, metamorphic, rhyolite and granite evidenced
matter to its form specifications.

[Two signatures]

JAN 21 1952
(Initials) JR
[Redacted]

- page 61 -

There are no photographs present in this image. The image contains text, which appears to be from an official document. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

File LDA
Study Analysis Conclusions Conclusions
21 May 53

Meteorological data are extremely me NZ KKI ground search is made, I do not
feel that the aircraft expended by the Adr Force tn conducting such searches
will have been wastefully expended if recovered soon after their fall here,
while fresh, or will we well for th- recess of the scientific importance
they have always had......

3. Since this District Office is now making any routine phone
calls forwarding this mpdg is inaccordance with AFOIM Letter No. 3-5,
dated 23 October 1952. If the grapti states there are now any Darigleyanen
of scientist nature particular there to, they will he forwarded in
accordance with the existing provision on that e raport.

REGINALD J. COOK
1st Lt., USAF
District Commander

1 Incls:
(1) Aero Gharts
(2) [map] /pencil
                                                  ATSYC

        AMG (map) w/fincl.
        ATSYC
                                                                      CONF
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

- page 62 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it appears to be a scanned page of a typed document. Below is the text as an OCR output:

```
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

FILE NO
1794 DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE BASE, NEW MEXICO

12 March 1953

Subject: Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon
Over Green River, Utah the 12/13th

Reference: 1794th Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon
Investigation Report dated 2 March 1953

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

1. Reference is made to your interest upon the enclosed report
of an unidentified aerial object.

2. The photograph(s) mentioned in the enclosed report referring to
the alleged unidentified aerial object that is allegedly contained somewhere
on the microfilm in reference is too blurred, due to an extremely high closing
rate of the two objects, to have a fair feature. The 1794th District Office had
not possessed the original microfilm since the two objects were initially
photographed. Special Weapons Command has always been in possession
of the original microfilm. The Department, apparently under misunderstanding,
forwarded reprints obtained after a tract of this microfilm was uncovered
and traced to the Goody's hidden facility and subsequently led this office
back to the manufacturers of equipment and personnel.

3. The reprints now forwarded were forwarded for your information and
use and at no time were they represented as that of "flying saucers" or
flying objects that have received much conjecture of late with the public. No optical
illusions were contained in these microfilms, and what movies were received
have been forwarded.

This office cannot forward as requested for your information and perusal
a copy of the requested "good" picture that is assumed if your headquarters
has advertingly or inadvertently charged photographic coverages and that these are classified
and unobtainable tape.
```

- page 63 -

