The image is a scanned document page, and there are no photographs present on it.

As for the text content, here it is:

UNCLASSIFIED
Incident #48

DATE: 7 Jan 48
LOCATION: Wilmington, Ohio.

TIME OF OBS.
Between 1920-1955

SOURCE: AF Personnel

SHAPE: ____ 
SIZE: ____
COLOR ____ 
SPEED: Terrific Bursts. MOVING 
EVENT ____ 
NUMBER OF OBJECT(S) ____
NO. OF OBJECT ____ 
DURATION: 35 Minutes

TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground

MANEUVERING: Stationary then gained & lost altitude in bursts

SECURITY INFO: 30X1

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 1 -

The image in the document contains a stamp and a series of markings that appear to be some kind of archive or filing notes. There are no clear photographic images of objects or entities.

Text from the document:
---
Lt. G.W. Thomas and Lt. Sims were making a regular cross country flight and reported in to Columbus Airways who asked them if they saw any unusual object in the sky. This report was relayed to Lockbourne - See Elsele's report - incident 30c.

Flight AF-944, Jan '48 fr Dayton to Wash

Lt. C.W. Thomas and Lt. Sims (5-02-26) were making a regular cross-country flight. They reported in to Columbus Airways who asked them if they saw any unusual object in the sky. They could see a large bright light off to the west. They estimated it to be below them, or about 3000 ft. It seemed to lower. The light was amber and looked like a large star or planet. It was about 15 miles away from them. The night was dark and clear over the east.

Jan 1953
(handwritten West Southeast)
(On Elsele's report Inc 30c)
---

- page 2 -

The image doesn't contain any photographs, only typewritten text. Here is the transcription of the text in the document:

```
Report of Foreign Object in Sky

Major Campbell 332d Fighter Group,

No information came out of critiques while the Fighter Group was at
Godman Field to indicate the appearance of any foreign objects in the sky.
Pilots were questioned as to whether they had seen anything unusual while 
flying in this vicinity or had contacted anyone at Godman Field, and replied 
in the negative. Maj. Campbell, personally, has not noticed anything unusual.

Capt. Watson investigated and received the following information:

Mr. _______ Tower Operator. He says he saw what he thought was a star 
but then he noticed the sky was overcast so it couldn't have been a star.
It was a glowing object with a cone-shaped streak to the right. It glowed 
from white to amber. He says he first noticed it over the Lockbourne Power 
Plant just southwest of here. The object was moving southwest and it changed 
from amber to red and then disappeared. This happened between 1915 and 1930 
EST on 7 January. The only thing he did was to talk to Capt. McJoe about it 
and ____ the DF Operator.

Mr. _______ DF Operator. He says he saw it too before he and Mr. _______ 
got together. Both observed it at the same time but didn't talk it over 
until after the thing had disappeared and said each was looking at it without
knowing it. He saw a strange light that faded out and came back again. 
This light was west southwest of the field about 15° above the horizon.
The light was much brighter than a star and appeared too big to be venus unless 
it was very near or in some seriously odd atmospheric condition.
Back to side. It dipped to the horizon and back again several times. It 
also made several circles and it appeared to have a streak to the right of it.

Capt. McJoe, Assistant Operations Officer, he saw the same thing about 1925 EST
he was flying at the time. he noticed a bright and unusual light southwest
of Lockbourne and at first it looked like a spotlight but then noticing it
there was no beam from the light at its source. As he turned on final approach
to land he noticed that the light disappeared as if it had been turned out.
After he landed he gave it no further concern until he walked into Operations
and the tower operator asked him if he had seen the light. Immediately 
after this conversation the Tower Operator called him outside the building 
to look again because the light had re-appeared. The light appeared further
west and much lower in the sky. His color had changed from a white color to
an orange color, as it continued to flicker and more westward and appeared to
go out.
```

- page 3 -

The image contains only a page of text from a document and does not include any photographs.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

---
Around 1630 7 January, the P-51s in Kentucky were facing the object, whatever it was supposed to be. About 1635 one of them radioed up and conclusions were drawn by the men in the Lookoutama tower. This P-51 was stationed at Maldon Field and Flight Service at Patterson Field was giving Flight Service at Middletown a summary of what had taken place during the afternoon. It seems that the Observation period up again between Patterson Flight Service and Middletown Flight Service around 1945 and at this time Mr. ***** and Mr. ***** told Flight Service at Patterson Field what they had seen a few minutes earlier, i.e., around 1915 - 1930, with regard to this light and also at the same time Clinton County broke in on the conversation and told then they had seen the same thing, and by some manner of means Goodman Field got in on the conversation and told Flight Service they were observing the same phenomena - this happened at 1945.

The crack-up referred to was just something that was heard about over the inter-phone, but definite information regarding the light was given to Patterson Field Flight Service at 1945, 7 January.
---

- page 4 -

The image you provided contains a scanned page of text with two small drawings in the upper right corner. The first drawing appears to be a cylindrical object with a luminous trail behind it, and the second drawing is an object with three protruding lines or beams coming from the rear that gives the impression of motion or propulsion. Here is the text transcribed from the document:

CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

1. Date 7 January 1948 UNCLASSIFIED Incident# 30
2. Time 1925 EST
3. Location Lockbourne Army Air Base, Columbus, Ohio
4. Name of observer Charles E. McCee, Capt. USAF
5. Occupation of observer Asst. Operations Officer (Pilot)
6. Address of observer Airdromes Operations, Lockbourne AAB, Columbus, Ohio
7. Place of observation Runway 23 Overhead approach
8. Number of objects 1
9. Distance of object from observer First 1,5 miles Southwest of Base
   second time 0,7 miles West and moved westly in a hovering manner
10. Time in sight Not stated
11. Altitude 3000 FT approximately
12. Speed slow
13. Direction of Flight West
14. Tactics Flashed on and off, on westward flight appeared to be fading
    and descending
15. Sound No noise
16. Size Large size of a flood light
17. Color white later yellowish to orange
18. Shape Oval as if looking at spot light
19. Odor detected Not stated
20. Apparent construction like a spot light

21. Exhaust trails not observed_stylish streaks like a jet effect out
   from right (according to Mr. Boudreaux on "squawk" box.
22. Weather conditions SKY solid overcast
23. Effect on clouds Not stated UNCLASSIFIED

24. Sketches or photographs none

25. Minor of disappearance descending and burning out,

26. Remarks: ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀(Over)

- page 5 -

There are no photographs present in the image.

Here is the OCR extracted text from the document:

---
Very bright white light southwest of the field. The light did not cast
a beam and seemed the size of a flood light. From the ground the light
appeared much whiter and we were unable to determine what kind it is
the they also the light was yellow to the rest and lower. When seen that
it was shimmering. This light varied yellowish to orange and appeared to be
descending and burning out. The latter observation may be that in its
westward movement it appeared to be fading out and descending however the
light was not nearly as bright on the second observation. At first it
was very white and did not appear to be moving though when it flashed on
and off it appeared dim in a few seconds. With the naked eye I could not
make out any shape other than the light being oval shaped as though
looking at a large spot light. It was not a heavenly body of any type
nor were any headlights obvious in the background nor and the object is
that the sky was solid overcast. When I looked no area in connection with
the object. I estimated at the first observation that it was 4-5 miles
southwest of the base. At the second appearance it was 6-7 miles West and moved
westerly in a hovering manner but moving away.

UNCLASSIFIED
---

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image you provided. Here is the text contained in the document:

----

ATOMIC OBSERVATIONS
LOCKBOURNE ARMY AIR BASE
Columbus 17, Ohio

14 January 1948

SUBJECT: Report of Unusual Circumstances.

TO: Commanding Officer, 332nd Fighter Wing, Lockbourne Army Air
Base, Columbus 17, Ohio.

1. At approximately 1925 EST on the 7 January 1948 I turned to
runway 23 for an instrument traffic altitude (1500 ft). Just
prior to breakaway I saw a very odd aircraft like southwest of the
field. I began my 360 degree approach. As I made the left turn very
unusual and it was not on the ground so I looked in that direction from
my base leg position. It appeared the same and in the nest 2 min
about 30,000 feet in the air. This one by me long the flight similarly
dispersed. The object did not look at any base leg the light during a
flood light. While on my approach it flashed on and off main immediately.
I then asked A and Q on the ramp thinking that it may have been a reflection from the far end of the line.

2. Before flying I had heard part of an interphone conversation
from eastern theater to England Center relative to a circular object
seen over Tennessee. I returned to the Centralize building. While there
the mystery operator, T/Sergant, said the tower operators,
I and seen something unusual southwest of the field. I asked the
control tower operator the lights and Sergant, calling me to check. What
he had seen was the same box, 15 and Sergant said the lights
was that he had been "watching" it for 5 minutes or so and that through the
field glasses it appeared to have dull whites or like a jet of water
from a hose. He stated that it went out while I was in control out.
During the conversation he said it would be seen again (1935-1940). We
went to the door to observe.

3. From the tower and the light it appeared to move westward. It was
farther west and lower than I saw it in the n/e, also this light was
similar to that of a later time, that it was flickering. The light varied
velocity to come in and area, also the intensity and smaller ones. It
now very slowly and "wobbly" it appeared, similar to how a dim can very be
seen by a less westward movement it appeared to be fading out and continuing,
however the light was not nearly as bright on this second observation.

----

- page 7 -

There are no photographs present on this page. Below is the text extracted from the document:

---

Ltr, subj: Report of Unusual Circumstance (13 Jan 48) cont'd

At first it was very white and did not appear to be moving though when it flashed on and off it appeared as in fast descent. With the naked eye I could at no time make out any shape other than the lights being oval shaped as though looking directly at a large spot light.

4. This object was too large and too sharp a light to be a reflection from the ground. It was not a heavenly body of any type in that the sky was solid overcast in the Lockbourne area and the object's movement outstrips such a thought. I heard no noise in connection with this object. I estimate at the first observation that it was 4-5 miles Southwest of the Base. At the second appearance it was 6-7 miles West and moved Easterly in a hovering manner but moving away. The winds at this time were West Southwest averaging 6 miles per hour.

Captain, USAF
Asa't Ops Officer

---

- page 8 -

There are no photographs present in this image. The page contains text in a form format, with most of the information redacted. Below is the text from the document, including only the visible and non-redacted parts:

```
INCIDENT SUMMARY SHEET
(Fold be filled out and retained in Ff*)

1. Date of Observation 7 JAN 1948.
   
2. Time of Observation 1630 EST.
   
3. There was Object(s) Sighted  .........................................

4. Observer's Position  (e.g., ground, air, control tower, etc.)

5. Name and Address of Observer  .........................................   
   
6. Occupation and/or Hobbies  ............................................
   
7. Attention Attracted to Object (s) By
   
8. Number of Object(s) Sighted  ....
   
9. Size of Object(s)  ....................................................
   
10. Color of Object(s)  ..................................................
   
11. Shape (Sketch if Possible)  ..........................................
   
12. Nature of Luminosity  ................................................
   
13. Estimated Distance of Object from Observer  ...........................  
                                                     11,000 FT.
14. Speed of Object(s)  300 MPH  (Approx. 5 Miles Away)
   
15. Time in Sight  20 minutes.
   
16. Tactics  ................................................
   
17. Sound Made by Object(s)  ......................................
   
18. Direction of Flight of Object(s)  ..............................
   
19. Apparent Construction (Or What Material or Substance)  ....................................................
   
20. Effect of Objects on Clouds and/or Exhaust Trail  ......................  ..
   
21. Weather Conditions existing at the time  ..........................  (FORM F)
   
22. Peculiarities Noted:  ...........................................

Summary of Incidents Pertinent, excluding those appearing with symbol. The incidents must
be those directly concerning the observers and incidents (eg. plane crashes, mysterious 
tele______ attacks or the enemy)
..................................................................

    *Attach a Separation Sheet if Additional Space is Needed
```

Please note that redactions are represented by lines of dots, as in the original text.

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, only text.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

the same color (dull amber ) as the object. Visible for 20 Mins.
was 3-5 miles away. appeared to be in the vicinity of Commercial Point.
Definitely not a Star, Planet or Astronomical Body, Balloons, Flares, Dirigible
Military or other Aircraft.

- page 10 -

The image contains what appears to be a scan of an old document with a portion of its text redacted. Below the censored text, there is an UNCLASSIFIED stamp. At the bottom of the page, there is another UNCLASSIFIED stamp. Between the two stamps, there is a faint, blurry mark that may resemble a photograph or an illustration, but it is difficult to discern any specific detail from it due to the low quality and lack of clarity. The content of the image does not clearly represent any recognizable object.

Here is the text from the document, excluding the redacted portions:

"Saw what he thought was a ...... in the northwest. It was a........s that was ....
......to return. I have talked to...... I was a Colonel he took me to a corner
......and talked to me private. ......clouds from west to east. He had gone
......noticed it over the .....Lockbourne Porter Plant, just Southwest of here.
The object was moving northwest and it changed from amber to red and then
disappeared. ...... ...... ...... ...... said this is what he had been watching
about 15 minutes or so and that through the field glasses it appeared
to have bluish steely lines to set effect out from the main body or extent
that it went out wide Deph. ...... was in this pattern. During the conver-
sation he said it could be seen again (1935-1940)."

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but appears to show a scanned page with text and some redacted segment marked with black bars. I will now act as an OCR system and provide the text from the document:

```
Incident #32 -- over Columbus, Ohio - 7 January 1948

The evidence given in this incident fits the hypothesis that the object observed was the planet Venus, and, considered with incidents #33, 38, and 49, it is incredible that it could have been anything else.

See report on #33 for detailed discussion of sighting of 7 January 1948. 
```

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

The text present on the document is as follows:

```
                       UNCLASSIFIED

CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS            Incident # xx/x

 1.  Date  7 January 1948

 2.  Time  Between 1315 and 1320 EST  Lat. 39° 5' to 39° 40

 3.  Location  Lockbourne AAB, Columbus, Ohio

 4.  Name of observer  lxxxxxxxxx

 5.  Occupation of observer  Tower Operator

 6.  Address of observer  Lockbourne AAB, Columbus, Ohio

 7.  Place of observation  Tower, Lockbourne AAB, Columbus, Ohio

 8.  Number of objects  1

 9.  Distance of object from observer  Not stated

10.  Time in sight  about 15 minutes

11.  Altitude  Not stated

12.  Speed  Not stated

13.  Direction of flight  Southwest

14.  Tactics  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Bobbed up and down

15.  Sound  xxxxxxxxx None

16.  Size  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Enormous

17.  Color  white to amber as it moved southwest it changed from amber to 
     red

18.  Shape  Glowing object with a cone-shaped streak to the right

19.  Odor detected  Not stated

20.  Apparent construction  Not stated

21.  Exhaust trails  Finish strong like a jet aircraft, but there was no jet

22.  Weather conditions  Sky overcast

23.  Effect on clouds  Not stated

24.  Sketches or photographs  xxxx

25.  Notes of equipment?  lfxxxxxx   
    
26.  Remarks:  (none)

                 UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 13 -

It appears there are no photographs within the provided document image. Below is the text extracted from the document:

---

CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
                                            UNCLASSIFIED

1.  Date  7 January 1948
2.  Time  Around 1940
3.  Location  Lockbourne AAB, Columbus, Ohio
4.  Name of observer  Mr.  [REDACTED]
5.  Occupation of observer  DF Operator, Lockbourne Control Tower
6.  Address of observer  Lockbourne AAB, Columbus, Ohio
7.  Place of observation  Ground, Lockbourne AAB
8.  Number of objects  1
9.  Distance of object from observer  An estimated 5 miles - altho rpts 
      /e/Godman Fld, Clinton Cy Airport & relayed rpt f/Columbus, O, indicated much greater distance
10.  Time in sight  Around 15 minutes
11.  Altitude  5,000 Ft
12.  Speed  500 MPH - as indicated by rpts f/Godman Fld & Clinton Cy airport
13.  Direction of Flight Appeared to hover but performed elliptical, counter-
      clock wise course when it descended to horizon (4H) remained stationary (3H) returning
      to original position (5H)
14.  Tactics  See 13
15.  Sound  No sound
16.  Size  About size of runway lights when viewed from 500 Ft - apparently
      enormous - see 9 above
17.  Color  Red to amber-yellow
18.  Shape  Circular
19.  Odor detected  N/S
20.  Apparent construction  N/S
21.  Exhaust trails  Thin wisp of trail 4-5 times diameter of object
22.  Weather conditions  High overcast
23.  Effects on clouds  N/S - was under overcast
24.  Seen by radar or photos or photos  None
25.  Maneuver or disappearance  Faded and lowered into horizon

                                                     IN CLASSIFIED

---

- page 14 -

The image contains no photographs, only text and a faint, possibly hand-drawn, line at the bottom which seems to have no discernible detail.

Here is the output of the text as requested:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED 

Object first seen 15° above horizon in the West-Southwest of Lockbourne
entering a ruddy red light which changed to an amber-yellow or alternatively
not exceeding 10-15 seconds. No noise could be detected without the reflection 
that of any star - a good comparison of the size and magnitude would be a 
runway light at full intensity viewed from a distance of 500 ft. Shape 
circular with the exception of a thin wisp of tail extending towards the 
horizon, the tail being 5 times the diameter of the object in length. For 
approximately 10 minutes it remained motionless, then begun a descendant 
to the horizon in about it, however on the horizon in 3", then ascended to 
its original position. About 5", the course being elliptical, counter clock-
wise. It then veered and moved toward the horizon disappearing at 1955-
No sound was heard from the object at any time.

Note: Object appeared about 5 miles from Lockbourne, however info received 
from Godman Fld and Clinton County Tower plus a relayed report from a 
pilot over Columbus, O., indicated that they all had observed a 
similar phenomenon in the same general direction and position at the 
same time.

RELIABILITY: Witness spent 37 mos in AF in communications work including 
C. W. and Control Tower Operator. Holds valid CAA certificatE
for Control Tower Operator and Aircraft Communications and has 
worked at Lockbourne in this type of work for over 1-1/2 yrs.
Enthusiast of astronomy.

CORROBORATED ACCOUNT: See also Incidents 30, 30a and 30b.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note, due to the quality of the text and potential OCR errors, some words may have been transcribed based on best-guesses for legibility.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a document with text, and I will now proceed to transcribe the text as it appears using OCR (Optical Character Recognition) capabilities:

```
ARMY FORM NO. 104-35 (5 AGO)
HEADQUARTERS, 3522ND SERVICE UNIT
LOCKBOURNE ARMY AIR BASE
COLUMBUS 15, OHIO

IN REPLY REFER TO
AC 319.1
20 January 1948

SUBJECT: Letter of Transmittal

TO: Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright Field,
Dayton, Ohio
Attention: S. Loedding, Air Intelligence

Transmitted herewith letter, subject: reports of "unusual aircraft"
sightings, dated 13 January 1948, which is the statement of Mr. ------- ------- , civilian tower Operator at this station. It is significant
as furnished in compliance with a request of Mr. Loedding, Air
Intelligence section, your station, who personally visited Lockbourne.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER

/S/
Owen E. Higgins
TSGT, A.C. 11728
1st Lt., USAF
Adjutant

Incl:
Ltr of Trans Ctr, 16 Jan 48,
Frank Edwards (signed)

```

Please note that any redaction or omission of text is represented above by "-------" to indicate that some content was not captured or is intentionally left blank.

- page 16 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

The text from the document reads as follows:

---
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT  
LOCKED JETS AFTERNOON
LOCKBOURNE AAF/AIR BASE
Columbus, Ohio

16 January 1948

SUBJECT: Report of Unusual Circumstance.

TO: Commanding Officer, 332d Fighter Wg., Lockbourne Army Air
Base, Columbus 17, Ohio.

At approximately 1640 hours January 7, the Control Tower Operator
advised me that he had been observing a strange light in the Southwest
for some time. Upon my first time I received the information, I in
conjunction with other officers in the vicinity of the operations office,
proceeded to my gasoline operations about 2 miles when the tower operator
advised me that he had seen the object. I returned to the operations
office and with the use of binoculars, made an observation of the object.

It was 15 degrees above the horizon to the West Southwest of
Lockbourne, emitting a vivid red light changing to amber-yellow at
intervals not exceeding 1 to 2 seconds. Its size and magnitude was
greater than that of any star. A good comparison of its size and altitude
would be with one of the runway lights turned on at full intensity viewed from a distance of 500 feet.

Its shape appeared to be circular with the exception of a slight
tip of tail extending towards the left from the main light with the
diameter of the object long. From the time I first saw the object to
approximately 1950 hours, it appeared to remain motionless in the sky.
At this time the object descended to the horizon in the interval of
about 4 seconds, hovered on the horizon for about 3 seconds, and then
assumed its original position on an interval of 3 seconds. It’s
course was elliptical, counterclockwise in the earth and moved toward
towards the horizon and disappeared at 1955 hours. There was no sound
audible from the object at any time.

Its distance appeared to be about 5 miles from Lockbourne. How-
ever, Information received from Clinton County Tower which saw the
observational object the same object in the same general direction and
position at the same time as our observations at Lockbourne. Then the
object must have been the distance would be much greater than 5 miles,
and velocity well to the excess of 500 miles per hour. This object
actually looked to be traveling at a speed around 500 miles per hour.

[handwritten note on the margin]
Show to Col.
McCoid
---

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten document page. Here's the output of the text found in the document:

---
Ltr, Subj: Report of Unusual Circumstances (15 Jan 48) cont'd

...that Sames also advised that Godman Field observed a similar
phenomenon at the same time, and that the object disappeared at 2100
hours at Godman.

Clinton County said the object they observed disappeared about 2000
hours. It is not know to me what time either Clinton or Godman first
observed the object or objects. The information from Clinton and Wright
Service was received by direct line telephone communication from
Clinton and Flight Service at Patterson. WX Weather Department was
reporting a high overcast and not one heavenly body was visible. The
object apparently was not under visual, radar or sound control. It
perhaps was a balloon again with the overcast, no Air Force may Q944,
C-45, Navy at position report to radio Lockbourne Airways, over Columbus
at 1955 hours 5 feet feet, as the Lockbourne F12B went aloft 2 hours to
make search and return. It should be if he had seen any strange object to
the west, Southwest or at his position he reported that no observed and
that it left on his right wing, appearing like an overcast between.

I have been a member of the American Museum of Natural History
who is closely associated with the Hayden Planetarium of New York City,
for 7 years, and have always been somewhat of an enthusiast of an
astronaut.

I spent 37 months in the Air Force in communications work including:...
....and Control Tower Operator. I now hold a valid C.A.A. Certificate
for code, Tower Operator and Aircraft Communications and is verified
that Lockbourne's failure of NOX to Boston until 1900 hrs.

I am of sound mind and health, and am of 25 years of age. I have
described the incident exactly the way I saw it, also as to what I learned
on the interphone.

Airways Operator
CAV-7
---

Please note that the ellipses (...) seem to indicate text that is not visible or included at the points where they appear, suggesting that this is an excerpt or selection from a larger piece of text. There are also a few typographical errors in the original document such as "5 feet feet," which may have been intended to be "5,000 feet," as this would be a more typical altitude reference.

- page 18 -

There are no photographs present on the page; this document is purely textual.

The text in the document reads as follows:

```
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

MCIAO-3/zwj/ra
Jan 5 1949

SUBJECT: Project "SIGN"

TO: Chief, Air Weather Service,
     Andrews Air Force Base,
     Washington 25, D. C.
     ATTN: DSS

1. Project "SIGN" is responsible for the collection, investigation and interpretation of data relative to sightings of unidentified flying objects. Attached Incidents Summaries 1 thru 172 from the files of Project "SIGN" are forwarded for study and recommendations as to which of the incidents may be eliminated as balloons released on routine synoptic ascents by the Air Weather Service, the Navy Aerological Services or the United States Weather Bureau. The summaries attached may be retained in your headquarters for working references purposes.

2. The Air Weather Service is the only agency of its type that has been asked to assist in the accomplishment of Project "SIGN" except that the United States Weather Bureau has provided information on ball lightning. Research projects in which balloons are used and which are conducted or sponsored by the Army, Navy or United States Air Force are checked by the Intelligence Department of this Command. These checks occasionally made direct from the Project "SIGN" office, MCIAO-3. These checks are distinct from the check of synoptic balloon flights made by weather service stations of the Air Force, the Navy and the Department of Commerce, (U. S. Weather Bureau) requested of Air Weather Service.

3. It in the opinion of this office that the below listed incidents are those having the greatest possibility of being balloons. This list does not eliminate the possibility that many of the remaining incidents are balloons.

2   21, 50  91       135  155
5   25  52  92       113  155
1   23  72  96       126  157
11  30  73 104       131 159
15  31  67 105       141 163
21  32  87 107,5,9   151  152
22  33  59 113(see122)   154  159

-e14j31-m
```

- page 19 -

There are no photographs on this page. Here's the text from the document:

---
HQ AMC, Chief, Air Weather Service, Washington 25, D. C.
Subj: Project "SIGN"

4. The form used in interrogating witnesses to sightings is
enclosed as a matter of interest. Comment as to possible improvement
of the "Essential Elements of Information" in regard to routine
synoptic balloon flights is invited.

5. It is requested that correspondence be forwarded to the
Commanding General, Headquarters, Air Material Command, attention
MCIAO/XO-3.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

/sd/ W. R. Clingerman, Col, USAF
for H. E. McCoy
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Dept

2 Incl's:
"Summary LOC 1-172 incl
"SIGN"

Copies Furnished,

AFOIR, Hq. USAF
Capt Tkaczkowski, Capryloys Lab
Major Kodak, MCESP
Colonel Toal, MCLWS

---

Note: The text is a transcription of the typewritten document content. It may contain typographical errors or other inaccuracies inherent to the source material.

- page 20 -

There are no photographs on this page; the bottom of the page contains the word "UNCLASSIFIED" with underlying and overstriking lines.

Here is the text as an output of an OCR:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

a sky phenomenon which had the appearance of a flaming red cone trailing
e eeeeeous green mist appeared in the southwest skies of Wilmington, Ohio,
between 7:20 and 7:55 P.M. EST, Jan. 7, 1948.

The sky phenomena hung suspended in the air at intervals and then gained
and lost altitude at what appeared to be terrific bursts of speed. The
intense brightness of the phenomena pierced thru a heavy layer of clouds
passing intermittently over the area and obscured other celestial phenomena.

NOTE: See account of an unarmed comet due in the northern hemisphere approx
Jan. 1. at attaches.

See incidents 4Ba, 4Bb, 4Bc, 4&d & 33, 33a, 33b, 33c, 33d, 33e 33f
and 30 and 32.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
19D DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 21 -

The image provided is a scanned document page; there are no photographs present in it to describe. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and provide the text output from the document:

```
CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

UNCLASSIFIED
Incident # 48
1. Date 7 Jan 48

2. Time between 7:20 and 7:55 P.M.

3. Location Wilmington, Ohio

4. Name of observers G Gale E. Walter, Col. James Hudson
M/Sgt Irvin H. Lewis, S/Sgt John P. Haag, Sgt Harold E. Olvis & T/Sgt
Occupation of observers Control Tower operators Leroy Ziegler
and HQ members of the alert crew
5. Address of observer Clinton County Air Base

7. Place of observation Clinton County AF Base Control Tower

8. Number of objects 1

9. Distance of object from observor N/S

10. Time in sight 35 minutes

11. Altitude N/S

12. Speed terrific bursts of speed

13. Direction of flight SW

14. Tactics Hung suspended in the air at intervals and then gained and
lost altitude at seemingly terrific bursts of speed
15. Sound N/S

16. Size N/S

17. Color red

18. Shape cone

19. Odor detected N/S

20. Apparent construction "fire"

21. Exhaust trails gaseous green mist

22. Weather conditions Heavy layer of clouds

23. Effect on clouds intense brightness of sky phenomena pierced thru a
heavy layer of clouds passing intermittently over the area
24. Sketches or photographs none

25. Manner of disappearance disappeared over horizon

Remarks: (Over)

LOAD 5 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

The image cuts off at the bottom, so there may be additional information that was not captured.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it is a text document. Here is the text output from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #30, 48 - a - Lockbourne AAB, Columbus, Ohio - 7 January 1948

Considering this incident with #32, 33 and 48, one is
forced to conclude that the object observed from Lockbourne Army
Air Base on the evening of 7 January 1948 was the planet Venus.

One report of the incident gives the location of the
object as 210-220, or approximately opposite from that stated by
other observers and that of Venus. Obviously, since the time
of observation was the same, this means that one witness either was
looking a different object or had his directions mixed. Since
the description otherwise agrees generally with the rest, and since
it is assumed throughout the reports that all observers were viewing
the same object, the latter interpretation seems preferrable.

Witnesses state that the object "couldn't have been a
star" (of course, it wasn't), because to eye was completely over-
cast. However, reports from the Columbus Weather Bureau indicate
that, although the afternoon was cloudy, the sky was clear by 1900
hours. (This does not mean, of course, that there were no clouds near
the western horizon.)

For possible explanations of "Jet trails" reported by
observers of this object, and further discussion of the incidents,
see report on #33.

REDACTED

- page 23 -

There are no photographs present in the image.

The text in the document reads:

UNCLASSIFIED

Object appeared to be moving up and down and from side to side. At one
time the object was covered by a cloud but the light could be seen thru the
clouds. It was the same color as a usual city very much brighter sometimes
changing to what seemed to be a green or greenish yellow. At first
it did not appear to be traveling at very wide. Then it seemed to go up and
down and sometimes changed off and go from side to side it went, seemed to be
a very great speed. It seemed pretty high in the air -- too high to be any
kind of a light from the ground. There was no beam. No sound could be
heard. A faint exhaust trail was discernible when it moved up or down or
from side to side. Finally it began to move away toward the SW at very great
speed and disappeared over the horizon at about 20:00.

See: 4b, 4Bb, 4Cc, L48 & 33, 33A, 33B, 33C, 33D, 33e, 33F & 30 and 32.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

(Note: The text has been transcribed as it appears in the document. The quality of the original text may affect the exactness of the transcription, potentially leading to minor inaccuracies or omissions.)

- page 24 -

The photograph at the top of the page appears to be a black and white image of a cylindrical or elongated object against a sky background. It looks like a typical depiction associated with unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text from the document:

CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS UNCLASSIFIED
Incident # 194a
1. Date 7 Jan 48
2. Time 1925 o'clock
3. Location Clinton County Air Field
4. Name of observer LeRoy Ziegler
5. Occupation of observer T/Sgt
6. Address of observer Clinton County AF, Wilmington, Ohio
7. Place of observation Clinton County AF Base
8. Number of objects 1
9. Distance of object from observer N/S
10. Time in sight approximately Thirty-five minutes
11. Altitude high
12. Speed stationary for a while and then made rapid ascents and descents and then to SW with great speed
13. Direction of flight to SW S
14. Tactics Vertical ascents and descents at great speed
15. Sound None
16. Size very large
17. Color Same as star
18. Shape circular - starlike - only larger
19. Odor detected N/S
20. Apparent construction N/S
21. Exhaust trails faint exhaust trail when moving up and down or from side to side
22. Weather conditions Cloudy
23. Effect on clouds Object could be seen thru clouds
24. Sketches or photographs None
25. Manner of disappearance over the horizon at about 20:00
26. Remarks: (Over)
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 25 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of a text document. Below is the text captured from the document:

TO: WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.

ON THE EVENING OF 7, JANUARY 1948 AT APPROXIMATELY 19:25
O'CLOCK THE UNDERSIGNED WITNESSED A VERY BRIGHT LIGHT IN THE SKY,
IN THE SOUTH WEST DIRECTION OF C.C.A.F., THE OPERATIONS CLERK AND
MYSELF FIRST WITNESSED IT AND CALLED THE TOWER AND HAD THEM LOOK AT
IT THROUGH THEIR FIELD GLASSES. THEY SAID IT WAS MOVING BUT COULD
NOT MAKE OUT WHAT IT WAS. I WENT UP TO THE TOWER AND LOOKED AT IT
THROUGH THE FIELD GLASSES AND IT APPEARED TO ME MOVING UP AND DOWN
AND FROM SIDE TO SIDE AS AT ONE TIME CLOUDS CAME BETWEEN THE OBJECT
AND THE BASE BUT THE LIGHT COULD STILL BE SEEN THROUGH THE CLOUDS.
APPROXIMATELY 19:45 THE OBJECT BEGAN TO MOVE AWAY TOWARD THE SOUTH
WEST AND DISAPPEARED OVER THE HORIZON AT ABOUT 20:00

[Redacted]
T/Sgt. [Redacted]

(Note: The redacted parts in the text denote sections that have been blacked out in the image, usually done to maintain privacy or confidentiality.)

- page 26 -

The image appears to contain a scanned document page with handwritten and typed text, and a small sketch in the top right corner. There is no photograph visible in this image. As requested, I will now act as an OCR and provide the output of all the text found in the document:

---

Unidentified Object Seen by me at Clinton County Air Field
June/6/48

1. Sighting: Approximately southwest of the Air Field.
2. Location: The exact distance from the field is unknown but it
was pretty high up in the air southwest of the field.
3. Time: I do not know what time the object appeared but I first saw it
also in another clock.
4. Weather: The weather at the time was cold and clear with a few
widely scattered clouds.
5. Reported by: Myself.
6. Number of Objects sighted: One
7. Shape: The shape of the object seemed to be round circular or like a
very bright star in the sky only larger.
8. Color: It would varys [varies] first to say what size it was but if comparing 
it to the lights on in the plane it must have been very large.
9. Size: It had as brillance color as a star only very much brighter and
would sometimes get a little more red then turn to a white or yellow color.
10. Speed: At this time, it was spotted it did not seem to be trarvilzing,
at any speed neither coming towards us or going away.
11. Maneuvers: The object, seemed to go up and down and sometimes change 
of and to f rod [from] side to side at what seemed to be very great speed.
12. Altitude: The object seemed to be pretty high in the air.
13. Direction: At the time it was spotted it did not have a beam on
it as though it was being shined from the ground.
14. Heading: At the time it was spotted it did not seem to be heading
in any direction but after watching it for awhile it started southeast at
what seemed to be a very high speed.
15. Sound: I did not hear any sound at all from it.
16. Exhaust trail: It seemed to leave only a very faint exhaust trail
when moving up and down or from side to side.
17. Effect on clouds: A cloud come between the object and myself only
once that I know of for that the object was gone but this soldier looking
at it through the field glasses is the time said it was still there and that
a cloud had come between us and the object. After this cloud passed we could
see it just as good as we could before.

T/Sgt. 1&o7o [18070] Ziegler A.S.N. 17014131

---

Please note that some words were difficult to decipher due to the quality of the scan; my interpretation may differ slightly from the original text where clarity was an issue.

- page 27 -

There are no photographs present in the document. However, there are mentions of "4 penciled sketches" in the "Sketches or photographs" section, which I cannot visualize or describe since they are not displayed.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

1. Date 7 Jan 48
2. Time 1920 EST
3. Location Clinton County Army Air Field, Wilmington, Ohio
4. Name of observer James H. Hudson
5. Occupation of observer Corporal, on duty in Control Tower
6. Address of observer Clinton County AAF.
7. Place of observation Control Tower, Clinton County AAF
8. Number of objects 1
9. Distance of object from observer some 15 to 20 miles
10. Time in sight 35 minutes
11. Altitude N/S
12. Speed Hovered then moved with great speed
13. Direction of Flight South West S
14. Tactics Changed shape on ascent and descent - When it climbed it 
    was right side up - (point up) When descending the point turned down
15. Sound none
16. Size larger than star
17. Color White changing to red to green
18. Shape Triangle
19. Odor detected N/S
20. Apparent construction surrounded with burning gas or something that 
    emanated light
21. Exhaust trails When ascending & descending it appeared to trail a green 
    mist
22. Weather conditions light scattered clouds with a haze toward the SW
23. Effect on clouds Could be seen thru the cloud which passed under it.
24. Sketches or photographs 4 penciled sketches
25. Manner of disappearance disappeared on SW heading at great speed
26. Remarks: (over)

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in this document, only textual content and some sketch marks labeled "Sketch "A"" and "Sketch "B"".

Here is the text extracted from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

The object when first sighted appeared white then it turned red. Its
real shape could not be distinguished until it descended. It then took
the form of some cy[n]lindrical object extending, (See Sketch "A")

Sketch "A"

When it shifted it was right side up (Sketch "B")

On ascending and descending it appeared to have a green mist following it
See Sketch "C" --- green mist

Speed could not be determined in miles per hour for it appeared to hover at
spots, then, when it moved, it moved with great speed. After making a
vertical descent and ascent it headed due SW at great speed and disappeared
at approx 1955 EST. Distance from the field when first sighted was some
5 to 20 miles. There was no sound. The trail, maybe from exhaust, was green (at least there the field glasses expired oxygen) During the
time it was under observation a cloud passed under it and the light shown thru.

According to this observer the object was not a balloon, a comet, a star or
any known aircraft. The light did not come from an aircraft's running lights.
The whole object appeared surrounded with burning gas or something which
emitted a light.

See also: 14g, 14ga, 14gb, 14gc & 33, 33a, 33b, 33c, 33d, 33e, 33f and
Incidents 30 and 32.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

---

- page 29 -

There is no photograph included in this image of the document page. 

Here is the text extracted from the document:

TO: WHOM IT MAY CONC 
SUBJECT: OBJECT SEEN IN SKY JAN. 7, 1949

THE TOWER FIRST SEEN THE OBJECT ABOUT 1910 EST TO THE SOUTH WEST OF THE FIELD FROM THE TOWER. WHEN FIRST SIGHTED IT APPEARED TO BE A BRIGHT XM LIGHT. THE TOWER FOLLOWED IT WITH THE FIELD GLASSES THAT ARE 7X50. IT THEN DECENDED AND AS IT DID THE CBJECT TURNED RED WITH A GREEN TAIL. IT THEN DECENDED AT A TREMENDOUS SPEED OVER THE SKY AND SCATTERED CLOUDS AT 17 AGI.;E: WITH RED BURST OF FIRE. THERE HAD THE BRIGHTNESS OF TH3 LIGHT SHOWN THRU THE CLOUDS WHILE THE STARS DID NOT IT DISSAPEARED ABOUT 1955EST .IT DISSAPARED ABOUT XXM 
WITH SCOUTH WEST OF THE FIELD. THIS STATEM3NT IS TRUE TO THE BEST OF MY JUDGEMENT AND KNOWLEDGE.

CPL. JAMES H. HUDSON 13220873

- page 30 -

The image provided appears to be a scanned page with hand-drawn sketches and annotations. There is no actual photograph present in the image, only drawings that seem to depict the motions or trajectories of objects, possibly related to a UFO sighting or report.

The text and annotations appear to be handwritten and are not very clear, but there are some discernible words and annotations:

- Top left corner, there appears to be a word that looks like "Martins" followed by something that resembles an abbreviation or directional indicator "SW".
- In the middle, next to one of the trajectories, there is writing that could be "ascending".
- Just below that, next to another sketched object's trajectory, there is writing that might say "descend[ing]".
- There is also a drawing resembling a balloon with a string or tether at the bottom, with an unclear annotation next to it.

Considering the quality and clarity of the handwriting, accurate OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output is challenging to produce. However, I have described the visible content to the best of my ability based on the image provided.

- page 31 -

The photograph at the top of the page is of a landscape, possibly showing a rural or natural area with several dark shapes that may be trees or buildings in the distance. There is no clearly visible UFO or other distinct object in the photograph. 

Below is the text from the document, reproduced as requested:

----

STATE OF OHIO
COUNTY OF CLINTON

Before me, the undersigned authority for administering oaths of
this kind, personally appeared one James H. Hudson, Cpl, ASN 13220373
who, being first duly sworn by me, deposes and says:

Subject: Unidentified Flying Object.
Time: January 7, 1948, 1920 EST
Station: Clinton County Army Air Field, Wilmington, Ohio
Location: Wilmington, Ohio

Weather: The weather at the time was light scattered cumulus, with a haze towards the South West.

Statement: I, James H. Hudson, was on duty in the Control Tower at the time this object was sighted. It was called to our attention by the dispatcher in Operations. He asked us to see if it was an aircraft flare. We then looked at it with the field glasses. At the time first sighted, the object was white, then it turned red. There was only one object. The real shape of it could not be distinguished from this station til the object descended. When it did, the object took a form of a cone or up-side-down triangle (See Sketch "A"). When it climbed, it was right side up (See Sketch "B"). The above is to my observation and opinion the size of the object, I could not deter- mine, but it was much larger than any star. On its climb and descent it appeared to have a green mist following it (See Sketch "C"). The speed I could not determine in miles per hour for it hovered at what appeared to be one spot, then when it moved, it moved with great speed. Its maneuvers were as follows, from the tower (See Sketch "D"). Then it headed due south-east at great speed and disappeared, at 1955 EST. The distance, from the field when first sighted, estimated fifteen to twenty miles. There was no sound. The trail, maybe from exhaust, was green from the field glasses. The glasses have coated lens which may change the color some. At one time, during the time seen, a cloud passed under it and the light shown through. Example: Say you take a black wool cloth and pass it under a light bulb, you see no direct light, but you can still see that there is a light there behind it. (Continued on Page 2)

Further the deponent sayeth not.

DOWNORADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS,
DOD DIR 5200.10

James H. Hudson
ASN 13220373

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 20th day of January 19 48

Harold H. Hohannes
1st Lt., Infantry
Summary Court Officer

UNCLASSIFIED

----

- page 32 -

The image does not contain a photograph; it presents a scanned page of a typed document related to a UFO sighting report from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

Witness observed two bright light in the sky southwest of Clinton County Air Base which appeared to be the complete we of an aircraft on fire. When viewed thru field glasses from control tower the object would gain and lose altitude very rapidly within bounds firmly discernable thru known air backward motion. At times it changed colors (from red to green, etc) the overcast. At approximately 19:45 the object but its light penetrated thru field on a heading of 210° and disappeared over the horizon at approximately 19:53. (1st acct)

NOTE: See also lg, 49a, 49b, 49d & 33, 33a, 33b, 33c, 33d, 33e, 37f and 30 and 32.

At the time of the sighting the weather was clear over the Base, with a SouthWest wind which was moderate. There was an overcast in the SE which appeared to be a layer approximately 10000 feet thick. The height of the overcast was approximately 5,000 ft. 15,000 seemed to be about 5 miles from the field at an altitude of from Object to 20,000 ft. The object which appeared to entirely up at intervals to the object were of an airplane on fire. No beam of light was projected. After observing it with the naked eye for some five minutes, we wnts under control tower and looked thru field glasses and then decided that it was not a comet or a falling star to this sense of destruction. With the aid of the glasses the object appeared to go from an altitude of 15,000 to 10,000 feet without any noticably forward or backward motion, and then back up to its original altitude very rapidly. This occurred some 3 or 4 times. When it moved a red light would dominate and change to a green light and then back to its oriđiel color. It then started to recede on a heading of 210° going behind the overcast. However, the light was discernible thru the overcast. It then moved very rapidly away, stopping momentarily for 3 or 4 minute intervals and then disięppearing over the norison at 19:55. No sound was heard. No photographs were taken (from a signed statement (second account)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 renn IY INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
--- 

Please note that some words are not clearly readable due to the quality of the document or typographical errors in the original text.

- page 33 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of text from a document. Below is the text present on the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #23 -- Clinton County air fieLd, Ohio -- 7 January 1948

This incident must be co-isidered with #30, 32, and 33.
Concluded evidence shows that the object observed from Clinton
County air Field on two different 7 January 1948 was uncontrolled
two piloted vehicles.

For discussion of prdouction realted by the observers
of the object, and other details, see reports on Incident #33.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS                     UNCLASSIFIE

Date 7 Jan 48                                                                Incident # 180
Time 19:30
Location Clinton County AAF, Wilmington, O.
Name of observer S/Sgt John P. Heeg
Occupation of observer S/Sgt
Address of observer Clinton County AAF
Place of observation Control Tower
Number of objects 1
Distance of object from observer About 5 miles from field
Time in sight (25 minutes)
Altitude 15,000 to 20,000 ft
Speed N/S - apparently slow
Direction of Flight. heading of 210° S/W
Tactics Moved from altitude of 15,000 ft to 10,000 ft
 without noticeible forward or backward motion (about 3 or 4 times)
Sound N/S
Size N/S
Color changing colors (red and green)
Shape N/S
Odor detected N/S
Apparent construction N/S
Exhaust trails N/S
Weather conditions overcast
Effect on clouds could be seen thru overcast
Sketches or photographs None
Manner of disappearance disappeared over horizon on heading of 210°
Remarks; (over)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

- page 35 -

The image appears to be a scanned document page with no photographs present. The document appears to be a typed report with some handwritten signatures or annotations. The following is the text from the document:

```
To: Whom it may concern.

On the evening of 7 January 1948 at approximately 
19:30 o'clock the undersign^d witnessed a very bright 
light in the sky, in the northwest direction of C.C.A.P. 
which appea^red to be the complete wing of an aircraft
on fire with the naked eye. Then the following observation 
with the aid of field glasses from -the control tower was 
made, the object would gain and lose altitude very rapid^ly 
without much noticed forward or backward motion and at 
times changing colors of red and green, at one time it 
disappeared behind the overcast but its lights pen^trated 
through the overcast. At approximate 19:45 o'clock the 
object began to move away from the field at a heading 
of 210 degrees and disappeared over the horizon at 
approximately 19:55.

                                 /S/Sgt. John P. Haag, A.F., 17003481
``` 

Please note that there are symbols and characters inserted in the text to indicate potential obliterations or smudges on the original document (such as "^"). The handwriting and signature are reproduced to the best of the OCR's capability.

- page 36 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Object seemed to be some sort of flare. Witness thought it was some
aircraft in trouble. Requested the tower to take a look and it too
described it where the flare. It appeared with the naked eye, to be
a very bright light the color of ordinary fire with lookout ends, remained 
altitude in the manner of a parachute flare riding on thermals. The 
intensity of the light varied. This was attributed to clouds passing 
infreast below; however, the light was readily discernible thru the 
clouds. The sky was clear to scattered. When the object was compared 
to the flare there was a decided difference. Stars were of the usual
white; this object was yellow or flame color. When first seen it appeared 
to be about 4,000 ft but disappearing over the horizon would make it much 
higher. The movement was very slow in appearance and it left no trails 
or tails like a meteor or comet. Place of disappearance was approximately 
due west from position of observer. 

NOTE: See also lg, l4a, l4b, l4c, l4d &

33, 33a, 33b, 33c, 33d, 33e 33f
& 30 and 32.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 37 -

There are no photographs present in this document. Below is the text extracted from the image:

---
CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
UNCLASSIFIED 
 
1. Date          7 Jan 48
2. Time          1920 to 1950
3. Location      Clinton County Army Air Fld., Wilmington, O.
4. Name of observer   Mr. [REDACTED]
5. Occupation of observer  N/S
6. Address of observer    Clinton County AA3
7. Place of observation   Clinton County AA3
8. Number of objects      1
9. Distance of object from observer  Seemed to be at first some 1,000 ft high
10. Time in sight  N/S
11. Altitude              4,000 ft+
12. Speed                 movement slow in appearance
13. Direction of flight   approx due west 5^w
14. Tactics described are from point first seen to horizon
15. Sound   N/S
16. Size    N/S
17. Color   [Fire-colored]
18. Shape   N/S  
19. Odor detected  N/S
20. Apparent construction   Like "flare"
21. Exhaust trails  none -"left no trails or tails like a meteor or comet"
22. Weather conditions     clear to scattered
23. Effects on clouds   Light could be seen when clouds passed beneath it.
24. Sketches or photographs  none
25. Manner of disappearance  due west over horizon

[Emark: (over)]
 
DOWNGRADED AT 3-YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
---

- page 38 -

The image you have provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document with some handwritten text. Here is the text as an output:

---
S T A T E M E N T

This is a statement of a sky phenomena observed by me on 7 January 
1948, between the approximate hours of 1920 to 1950.

It appeared to be some sort of flare. My first reaction to the 
sight was the belief that an aircraft was in trouble, and had shot a
flare to attract attention. I then requested the tower to take a look
at the object through glasses so they could attempt to determine whether 
or not it was a flare.

With the naked eye it appeared to be a very bright light with 
the color of ordinary fires. I was not able to maintain a watch continuously,
due to my duties, and see the whole pattern of movement. I did observe
it long enough at intervals to note that it lost and regained altitude in
the manner that a parachute flare would when drifting on thermals. The
intensity of the light varied. This can be attributed to clouds passing in
from of the light, however, I was able to see the light when clouds 
obscured it.

The sky condition at the time was what I would say was clear to
scattered. Stars directly above me were compared to the light of the
object and there was a decided difference. The stars were of the usual
white and the object was yellow or flame color.

The altitude evidently was very high. The object when first seen
appeared to be in the neighborhood of four thousand feet, but disappearing
over the horizon would make it much higher. It described an imaginary arc
from the points first seen to the horizon. The movement was very slow in
appearance and left no trails or tails like a meteor or comet. Place of
disappearance was approximately due west from my position.

Signed
[Handwritten signature redacted]
---

Please note that the signature section has been redacted to adhere to privacy guidelines.

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is an official document. Here is the text from the document:

```
PUBLIC INFORMATION OFFICER
AIR WEATHER FLYING CENTER
CLINTON COUNTY ARMY AIR FIELD
Wilmington, Ohio

10 January 1948

SUBJECT: Report concerning Public Information release of 8 January 1948.

TO : Col. J. Francis Taylor, Deputy Chief, All-Weather Flying Division.

1. A purely local release of information was made by the Public
Information office of this station relating only what observers reported
to Public Information concerning the appearance of what was termed a "sky
phenomena." (See inclosures 1.)

2. Before this release was cleared to the Wilmington New-Journal,
Wilmington, Ohio, permission was obtained from Public Information Office,
Hq. AWC.

3. Public Information has extracted a United Press release of 22
December 1947, relating that a new comet should be visible in the northern
hemisphere about January 1. This statement was issued by Professor Harlow
Shapley, Harvard Observatory, Harvard University, Cambridge, Mass. (See
inclosure 2.)

William D. Leet
Major, USAF
Public Information Officer
```

- page 40 -

There are no photographs in this image. Here is the text from the document:

---

THE DAYTON DAILY NEWS

Spectral Specter Seen,
Haunting CCAB Skies

WILMINGTON, Jan. 9 - (AP) - A phenomenon of the skies, a flaming red cone trailing a gaseous green mist, appeared near the Clinton County Air Base last night, and today continued to provide a mystery for the thousands of people who saw it.

The Air Base late yesterday issued a formal statement on the matter, but, a spokesman said, de-tails were still had to dig out of what they or what it might mean.

The phenomenon was described by observers as having the appearance of a flaming red cone trailing a gaseous green mist disappearing in the southwest skies of Wilmington Wednesday night between 7:40 and 7:55 p. M. (EST) it was said the phenomenon continued to 7:55 p. m. when it reportedly disappeared over the horizon, ended in the elimination hung suspended in the air at intervals and then gained and lost altitude at what appeared to be terrific bursts of speed.

The intense brightness of the sky the phenomenon pierced through a heavy layer of clouds passing intermittently over the area and obscuring other Celeste points momentarily over the states of Ohio there.

M/Sgt. John L. Mann, St. Lewis, and T/Sgt. Olivia mem Tech. St. Harley E. jiOris and members of the operations, for the patrol tower employees in observing the sky phenomenon for approximately 35 minutes.

Blazing Gome
Seen In Sky

WILMINGTON -- A sky phenomenon, described yesterday by observers at Clinton County Air Base as having the appearance of a flaming read cone trailing a gaseous green mist, appeared in the sky southwest of Wilmington Wednesday between 7:40 and 7:55 p. m.

Staff Sgts. Gule F. Walter and Corp. James Edman, control tower operators, saw the phenomenon at 7:20 p. m. and disappeared over the horizon, when it observed it until 7:55 p. m. They said the display hung in the air and then gained and lost altitude at what appeared to be terrific bursts of speed.

The intense brightness of the sky as the phenomenon pierced through a heavy layer of clouds that intermittently over the area.

Flying Saucers' Again?

Ball Of Red Fire Reported At Wilmington

By United Press

Mysterious objects seen floating in the skies over Kentucky, Tennessee and Ohio revived speculation about "flying saucers" to-day.

The latest report, on the phenomenon was at Wilmington, O., where personnel at the Clinton County air base reported a flaming ball of red fire which was seen for 35 minutes until it disappeared over the horizon.

National Guard headquarters in Kentucky moaned the report of a pilot on a mysterious flaming object, which was caught in its flight while Pilot Thomas F. Man-ney said Tophy won an egg shape when prominent flying object hung in appearance and at another moment was long, flat and con-candlight. His two pilots along with Mantell turned back after they had climbed to 7000 feet.

A bright, bulb-shaped object also was reported seen at Clarksville, Nashville and Columbus, Tenn. And at several points in southern Kentucky yesterday.

The ball of fire was primarily to., OH was seen by Corp. James Guidon F. Walter and Staff Sgts. Gale in the patrol tower at the air base. They watched it for 35 minutes.

They described it as a flaming red cone, trailing a gaseous green mist.

It hung suspended in the air and at intervals it gained and lost altitude at what appeared to be terrific bursts of speed.

The intense brightness of the object pierced heavy layers of clouds, he added.

It also was seen by Wilmington residents night before last.

YOUNGSTOWN, O.—Lt. Col. James F. Pierce of the Army Cageros said he saw "orange-yellow" lights which appeared to converge from the north and northwest toward the center of the imaginary circle. He said at first they continued the worth at-tempt to photograph them from the air.

Officials at the Chicago Weather bureau said there were no weather conditions that would have produced Aurora Borealis had they risen west. They pointedly intimated St. Elmo's Fire.

St. Elmo fire, that explainable, luminous plasma of the light sheet, usually from a metal rod mounted atop a plane winding comb object or a steeple.

---

- page 41 -

The image presented is a typed document, therefore there are no photographs to describe.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

MCIAO-3/483/ra
Jan 5 1949

SUBJECT: Project "SIGN"

TO: Chief, Air Weather Service,
Andrews Air Force Base,
Washington 25, D. C.
ATTN: DSS

1. Project "SIGN" is responsible for the collection, investi-
gation and interpretation of data relating to sighting of unidentified
flying objects. Attached Incident Summaries 1 thru 172 from the files
of Project "SIGN" are forwarded for study and recommendations as to 
which of the incidents may be eliminated as balloons released on routine
synoptic ascents by the Air Weather Service, the Army Aerological
Service or the United States Weather Bureau. The summaries attached
may be retained in your headquarters for working and reference purposes.

2. The Air Weather Service is the only agency of its type that has
has been asked to assist in the accomplishments of Project "SIGN" except
that the United States Weather Bureau have provided information on ball
lightning. Research projects in which balloons are used and which are
conducted or sponsored by the Army, Navy or United States Air Forces are
checked by the Intelligence Department of this Command. These checks
are usually made direct from the Project "SIGN" office, ICJAO-3. These
checks are distinct from the check of synoptic balloon flights made by
weather service stations of the Air Force, the Navy and the Department
of Commerce. (U. S. Weather Bureau) requested of Air Weather Service.

3. It is the opinion of this office that the below listed inci-
dents are those having the greatest possibility of being balloons. This
list does not eliminate the possibility that many of the remaining
incidents are balloons.

2 24 50 91 135 155 
25 52 92 115 156
1 20 72 96 125 157 
24 73 106 141 159
15 31 77 105 151 163 
6 51 107,8,9 151 167 
23 89 112,(59,122) 194

CBJ:lb1-14
```

Please note that the accuracy of OCR depends on the quality and clarity of the original document.

- page 42 -

There are no photographs present on this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text present on the document:

---

HQ AMC, Chief, Air Weather Service, Washington 25, D. C.
Subj: Project "SIGN"

4. The Form used in interrogating witnesses to sightings is 
included as a matter of interest. Comment as to possible improvement 
of the "Essential Elements of Information" in regard to routine 
synoptic balloon flights is invited.

5. It is requested that correspondence be forwarded to the 
Commanding General, Headquarters, Air Materiel Command, attention 
MXIAO-3.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

/s/ W. R. Clingerman, Col, USAF
for L. McCoy
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Dept

2 Incls.
1. Summary 1-1/72 incl
2. "SIGN"

Copies furnished:

AFOIR, Hq. USAF
Capt Tackowski, Geophysics Lab
Major Koda, WADC/P
Colonel Toole, McLAAWS

---

Note: The text includes abbreviations and titles that pertain to military or air force documentation.


- page 43 -

The image provided is a scan of a text document and does not contain a photograph. As requested, I will function as an OCR system and provide the text:

```
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
MCIAKO-3/8b3/rm
Jan 5 1949

SUBJECT: Project "SIGN"

TO: Chief, Air Weather Service,
Andrews Air Force Base,
Washington 25, D. C.
ATTN: DSS

1. Project "SIGN" is responsible for the collection, investi-
gation and interpretation of data relative to sighting of unidentified
flying objects. Attached hereto for study and evaluation is a file
of Project "SIGN" AF Form Torandestrians 117 and the 172 forms the
which of the incidents may be eliminated as balloons released on routine
synoptic ascents by the Air Weather Service, the Navy Aerological
Service or the United States Weather Bureau. The summaries attached
may be retained in your headquarters for working and reference purposes.

2. The Air Weather Service is the only agency of its type that
has been asked to assist in the accomplishment of Project "SIGN" except
that the United States Weather Bureau has provided information on ball
lightnings. Research projects in which balloons are used and which are
conducted or sponsored by the Army, Navy or United States Air Force are
checked by the Intelligence Department of this Command. These checks
are usually made direct from the Project "SIGN" office, MCIAKO-3. These
checks are distinct from the check of synoptic balloon flights made by
weather service stations of the Air Force, the Navy and the Department
of Commerce. (U. S., Weather Bureau) request of Air Weather Service.

3. It is the opinion of this office that the below listed inci-
dents are those having the greatest possibility of being balloons. This
list does not eliminate the possibility that any of the remaining
incidents are balloons.

2 : 91 133 155
25 52 92 115 156
28 72 96 125 157
11 50 73 104 158
71 83 105 141 159
15 67 107,3,9, 151 160
22 59 112(Som122) 154 169

2-t/8lc51.a
```

Please note the rendition of this text captures the artifacts and quality of the original document, including any typographical errors, possible artifacts from scanning, or unclear representations of numbers or symbols.

- page 44 -

There are no photographs on the provided page. Here is the text from the document:

---
HQ A2C, Chief, Air Weather Service, Washington 25, D. C.
Subj: Project "SIGN"

4. The form used in interrogating witnesses to sightings is
inclosed as a matter of interest. Comment as to possible improvement
of the "Essential Elements of Information" in regard to routine
synoptic balloon flights is invited.

5. It is requested that correspondence be forwarded to the
Commanding General, Headquarters, Air Materiel Command, attention
MCIAO-3,

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

/s/ W. R. Clingerman, Col, USAF
for H. M. MCCOY
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Dept

2 Incls:
Summaries 1-172 incl
"SIGN"

Copies furnished:

APOTR, Hq. USAF
Capt Kranczki, COPPrious Lab
Major Kodiak, WREBEP
Colonel Isnal, MCIAWS
---

- page 45 -

The document does not contain any photographs. It is a text-based page from a report. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS                                              Incident # 32
                                                                                      UNCLASSIFIED

1. Date 7 January 1948
2. Time 1955
3. Location Columbus
4. Name of observer Lt. G. W. Thomas
5. Occupation of observer Pilot
6. Address of observer Flight AF 9944 Dayton to Washington
7. Place of observation Cross Country Flight from Dayton to Wash. at
                      Columbus Airways to the west 
8. Number of objects 1
9. Distance of object from observer About 15 miles
10. Time in sight Not stated
11. Altitude 3000 Feet
12. Speed Seemed stationary
13. Direction of Flight Stationary
14. Tactics No maneuvers
15. Sound Not stated
16. Size Large
17. Color ember [sic]
18. Shape Like a large star or planet
19. Odor detected Not stated
20. Apparent construction Not stated
21. Exhaust trails None
22. Weather conditions Dark and overcast
23. Effect on clouds Not stated [rest of the line obscured by mark]
24. Sketches or photographs None
25. Manner of disappearance [rest of the line obscured by mark] CLASSIFIED
26. Remarks: Large bright light off to the west. They estimated it below
            them, or about 3000 ft. It seemed stationary. The light was
            amber and looked like a large star or planet. It was about
            15 miles away from them. (over)
```

- page 46 -

