There are no clear photographs present in the image. The image contains what seems to be a photocopy of a document with text, a dark area at the top, and a rectangle with faded content at the bottom that is too indistinct to describe. Due to the quality of the image, text recognition is difficult, but I will attempt to transcribe any legible text:

The legible text seems to include:
```
5 Dec 18 
5 Feb 49

ANALYSIS 
[...]

FLIGHT CHARACTERIS ...
[...] LIGHTS [...]

Data Inadequate For Analysis 
```

The rest of the document is either too faded or obscured to read accurately.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page with typewritten text. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS NO. 1 TO HEADQUARTERS REPORT 2--4, 17TH DISTRICT OST.

Report of incident of 1948, December 12, Gmt. 2 hr. 30m., seen from
Stallion Peak Signal, New Mexico. (Approximately 135 miles south and
4 miles west of Las Vegas, New Mexico.

The report of this incident should be prefaced, with a statement of
the fact that beginning the evening of December 9th, and to a direct nor-
theast of the radar outpost on WSMR Headquarters? We heard a meteor
shower, with only one or two stations observation of showers netivity
prior to the 9th of? (Some of universal receivers of the observation re-
ported to me by a? 134 that on various occasions consos from 12-30
to the conferences called by Col. Doyle Reams on December 11th), I felt
certain that the observer's phenomenon could be correlated with the
Grandall meteors withe each other radiant activity between December 10th
and 12th have awen questionably observed but by numbers so small as
December 3-4. However, pursuant observations made between the evening
of December 9th and the wind of December 12th only served to confirm
statements made on December 9th to Maj. Wolf, that, that the Benidings
as his case of the high pass of the Navajo jet expendables of missile
balls (of at El Vado station, between the Plainville, Harvard books on
Haleo Serves, No. 136 (explos.), and that this did not recall over Jerkin
compar David a recalled. Though blun and blunt with what Gentile had
occasionally been made, all of them with whom what detected or any
observations of December 9 - 12 were considered by myself that I have
to discuss upon all my folks to the Gmt time, and none from 12 - 30th of
observed during periods of heard a majority since December 1, 1945.
that at that each others as had collected reported and none of these were
tabulated at as their prose on ground.

With the above preface, I proceeds as accounts of the incident of
December 12. Shortly before Gmt the warning of this dates I and my duty
driver Cpl like Allan Olsen of Section Base 1 off Las Vegas headed for San
ta Fe. I have and my passengers Major C. F. Hittle, Line and the underlined to
Phillips was the back seat and I was in the right front seat and en-
ters following Kerley, left of me, the G2 passed through a gate closing
out a down slope facing approximately northwest. On squaring off as we rids
us a clear veiw fo the flight toward the big tank and is filled sky attend
it was evident to me that a body was visce beyphont fell our visual attention
turning to the air as a bulb had been struck (apparent Background star
of B; toggler autom of a ray to the other or any akt alt of we, matching
the sky away with 1947 then 1948 in some way as of this as the sky
did pointing with my left hand shouted, "Look", four times. ("We fleet
dans Nothing and remained the hard it to me then asked by some of react
operation and rememaiders of my motions expense, I mixed my own I-127
to contact with the "star" the noon to my approach at the same tabling
turned at squares of the duration of the "fireball, ranged from 2.1
seconds to 2.3 seconds.

UNCLASSIFIED-DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

- page 2 -

There are no photographs present in this image of the document. Here is the text output from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
PROJECT BLUE BOOK
THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO
ALBUQUERQUE

Institute of Meteoritics

December 20, 1948

To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees, Commanding Officer
Materials No. 17
Office of Special Investigations

From: Lincoln LaPaz, Director
Institute of Meteoritics

Subject: Aqueolides luminous phenomena (continuation)

IN accordance with your request, this present report has been prepared in order to summarize results obtained by investigations carried out in this interval, December 13-20.

1. The Observational Data. As far as can be determined, the first incident of the sort reported by many observers on December 5 occurred as early as 1948, January 1. (see copy of ------'s letter, under date of January 7, to Mr. A. Schrader), the second such incident, and one presenting much more striking resemblance to the December 5 - December 13 incidents, occurred on August 13, 1948, (as testified to before me this morning by Master Sergeant J. E. ----, Regional Director for the American Rocket Society, University of Toledo). Beginning on December 5 there was a sudden outburst of anomalous luminous appearances. The table given below lists date, hour of observation, names of observers, and, in general, points of observations for each of the occurrences so far uncovered by investigations carried out under the general supervision of your office and the Institute of Meteoritics.

December 5:

7:30 p.m., ---------------- (Las Vegas, N.M.),
9:15 p.m., Captain T. Goode, Pilot, and Major B. H. Carter, Co-Pilot (near Las Vegas, N.M.),
9:15 p.m., Mr. & Mrs. ------- (Las Vegas, N.M.),
9:15 – 9:30 p.m., Mrs. ------- (Las Vegas, N.M.),
9:15 p.m., Rev. & Mrs. C. H. Wallace (near Wagon Mound, N.M.),
9:17 p.m., Captain Goode and Major Carter (near Albuquerque, N.M.).

9:35 p.m., Mr. --------, Pilot, and Co-Pilot ------- (Las Vegas, N.M.),

10:00 – 10:15 p.m., Mr. -------- (near Las Vegas, N.M.),
10:20 p.m., 3.5. and Mrs. ----------- (near Levy, N.M.),
10:20 p.m., Mr. and Mrs. -----------

(in temporary Santa Fe Bus Station ORATA, N.M.),
11:25 p.m., --------------- Hmt's (near Las Vegas, N.M.),

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

NND 6791889

KRF B3 371
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

There are no photographs in this document. Here is the text from the document:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED

To: Colonel Doyle Rees.                                  December 20, 1948

December 6:

        10:55 p.m., Mr. ________ Security Section, Sandia Base,
                   Albuquerque, N.M. (Sandia Base) W

December 7:

        9:45 p.m., Inspector J. C. Cothran, AEC Security Service, Los
                   Alamos, N.M. (Los Alamos)

December 8:

        6:33 p.m., Cpt. John J. Stahl, Jr., Cpt. Melvin B. Neef;
                   Special Agents D, OSI, Kirtland Fld, N.M. (Near Los
                   Vegas, N.M.)

December 12:

        9h 2m plus or minus 30s p.m., Major C. L. Phillips, AZ - CAP
        Liaison Officer, Kirtland Fld.; Lt. Allen Clark,
        Intelligence Officer, [...] Mex. Wing CAP; Dr. Lincoln
        LaPaz, head of the Institute of Meteoritics, University
        of NM; Professor [Dr.] Ewen O. Whitaker, U. of NM and TV-
        operators Letters and McGuire, AEC Security Service
        (Los Alamos, N.M.)

December 13:

        9:30 p.m., Mr. H_________ Las Vegas, N.M.

        10:35 p.m., Mr. _____ (From 20 miles east of Las Vegas on Hy. 
                   85).

December 14:

        1:00 a.m., Mr. ________ (Seven Lakes, N.M.)

        2. The Best Path of the Only Green Fireball So Far Observed at Two
Separate Stations. Among the numerous observations so far made, there is
only one pair of corresponding observations, i.e., those made simultaneously
by different groups of observers at widely separated stations. The only
such observations are those mentioned by this writer on the reverse -
that of 79 Army engineers near Sandia Peak (Central, New Mexico - see report
on incident of 1948, December 12, 9h 2m plus or minus 30s), and a second
pair of observers station within the Los Alamos reservation. By graphic
reduction of the simultaneously made observations, the following facts have
been determined: The green fireball of December 12, 9h 2m plus or minus
30" appeared very near a point with the geodetic latitude 35° 50', longi-
tude 106° 39' and disappeared near a point with the coordinates latitude

DOWNGRADED at 3-year intervals: DOWNGRADED TO
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. UNCLASSIFIED
DOD DIR 5200.10

223
```

The redactions (indicated by blank lines or blacked-out text) denote information that has been omitted for privacy or confidentiality reasons.

- page 4 -

The image you have provided is of a text document page; there are no photographs present. Here is the text extracted from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

To: Colonel Doyle Ream
December 20, 1948

5j) 5j)6', length nine 20' 5', traversing a nearly or exactly horizontal pay in -- hours, and of very nearly twenty-five (25) miles an altitude too low with which a length of the order of approximately 25 miles and depending on the assumption of singular altitude employed in the reduction; the velocity with respect to the earth works out at between 3 and 12 miles a second, depending on the duration estimate used. It should be observed that the above figures are computed under the assumption that the periods of appearance and disappearance of the fireball were seen simultaneously by both the Zuni and Los Alamos groups. In case this assumption is not fulfilled, the real path could very easily be no more than 10 to 12 miles long, the velocity with respect to the earth no more than 10 to 12 miles a second, and the altitude of the sighting conditions out of between 3 and 6 miles lack of modifying information from a third station, the conclusions in the five (5) and etc) sheets range from an angular elevation a little less unlikely than the linear alts of the fireball was much less than 3 to 5 miles and more than 110 miles. It is interesting to observe the time lengthwise extension of the 25-mile path first given passes centrally over the Los Alamos reservation.

3. Significant Differences Between the Fireballs Observed in The Texas Arrwa December 2121 and Typical Meteors.

3.1 The horizontal motion of the path of most of the December fireballs is most unusual. Genuine meteors are rarely observed to move in horizontal paths.

3.2 Again the very low height of the December fireballs mentioned in section 2 above the velocity in sharp contrast from the minimum velocity for which height as is of the order or 40 or 50 miles are generally observed.

3.3 The velocity determined for the fireball of December 12 is considerably less than the yield of it is determined from typical meteors (and yet is considerably greater than the speeds of the V-2 rockets or jet planes or conventional flares).

3.4 In the case of meteorites that penetrate to as low levels as that determined for the fireball of December 12, the observed luminous phenomena are always accompanied by very violent noises. No noises whatever have been observed in connection with the various December fireballs so far investigated.

3.5 Genuine meteors normally show remarkable variations in brightness, beginning as fine thin hair lines, which are scarcely visible in the dark, and end on descending to the most vast mass of hot metal. It is, however, one of the 3rd and 1st implication of the theory advanced [text cut off]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

Mondor:    [illegible]

KAFB 35 2/1
---

Please note that due to the quality of the source document, there may have been errors or omissions in the transcription. Certain parts of the text are cut off or illegible.

- page 5 -

The image provided shows a text document page without any photographs.

The text on the document reads:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

To: Colonel Doyle Rees December 20, 1948

3.6 In the case of genuine meteors, the paths are directed towards
all points of the compass with equal frequency. On the contrary in the
case of these green fireballs, a total of seven cases are on record in which
there is a very pronounced tendency for the paths to come in from the north
half of the sky.

3.7 The three groups of anomalous greenish luminous phenomena
show a curious association with well known meteor showers, although none
of these meteor showers normally produce extremely bright green fireballs,
such as those recently observed. For example, the observation mentioned
by Mr. KOHLMAYER on the morning of August 5, 1948 was at the time of the
Perseid shower and the December observations all fall in the interval covered
by the Geminid shower. This relationship might indicate an attempt to render
the green fireballs less conspicuous by causing them to appear only when
there is considerable meteoritic activity.

3.8 As noted in an earlier communication, the remarkably vivid 
green color reported for most of these new meteor falls is really abnormal 
in the sense of genuine meteors. Every laboratory test of peculiar colored 
flames, so to be identical with that fire ball copper salts in the blowpipe
flame. If this identification is correct, the wavelength of the radiation 
from the green fireballs is near 0.5252\.mu.

3.9 The duration estimates of between two and five seconds reported 
for the green fireballs are occasionally longer than those (i.e., 0.5 to 
3.0 seconds) for the ordinary visual meteors, but shorter than the duration 
estimates invariably reported in the case of a genuine meteorite fall 
(5 to 30 seconds or even longer).

3.10 For some of the green fireballs has a train of sparks or a 
dust cloud has been reported. This contrasts sharply with the behavior noted
in case of meteoritic fireball-particularly those that pertain to the
lower levels where the green fireball of December 12 was observed.

4. On the basis of the various differences to which attention is 
called in section 3, the writer remains of the opinion that the fireball
of December 12 was definitely non-meteoritic and that in all probability
the same is true of most, if not all, the other bright green fireballs, 
which the OSS has had under investigation.

LINCOLN LAPAZ

DOWNGRADING/DECLASSIFICATION SCHEDULE:
DECLASSIFIED AT 12-YEAR INTERVALS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

LIMIT NO: 323                    UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this document image. Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO
ALBUQUERQUE

December 20, 1948

To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees, Commanding Officer
     Division 17
     Office of Special Investigations

From: Lincoln LaPaz, Director
     Institute of Meteoritics

Subject: Anomalous luminous phenomena (annihilation)

In accordance with your request, the present report has been prepared in order to summarize results to be obtained by investigations carried out in the interval, December 13-20.

The observations in this far as can be determined, the first indications of the events proceeded by many observers on December 5, commenced on December 5, commenced as early as 1946, January 16 (see copy of newspaper's letter, under date of January 17, to Mr. Al Schroeder), the second such incident, and one presenting much more striking resemblance to the December 5 - December 13 incidents, occurred on August 4, 1948, (see letter of October 22, written by the Honorable Senator Ivan A. Jones). Regional Project Officer, the Air Defense Security Control, directly in the presence and on the radar screens using a sudden outburst of anomalous luminous phenomena. The table given below lists data, hour of observation, name of observer, and, in parentheses, the point of observation or much of the occurrences as discovered by investigations carried out under the general supervision of your office and the Institute of Meteoritics.

December 5:

7:10 p.m. —————— (Las Vegas, N.M.)
9:05 p.m. Captain ——————, Pilot, and Major —————— 
         Co-Pilot (near Las Vegas, N.M.)
9:15 p.m. Mr. & Mrs. —————— (Las Vegas, N.M.)
9:15 – 9:30 p.m. Mr. —————— (Las Vegas, N.M.)
9:15 p.m. By Mrs. —————— (near Springer, N.M.)
9:27 p.m. Captain —————— and —————— 
         (near Albuquerque, N.M.)
9:35 p.m. Mr. —————— (Las Vegas, N.M.)
10:00 – 10:15 p.m. Mrs. —————— and co-Pilot —————— 
                   (near Las Vegas, N.M.)
10:20 p.m., T/Sgt. and Mrs. —————— (near Lovington, N.M.)
10:20 p.m., Mr. —————— (Temporary Santa Fe RR Station Onava, ——————)
11:15 p.m., —————— (near Las Vegas, N.M.)

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

X KAFB 3-721
```

The names and certain details in the report have been redacted, represented by lines in place of the text.

- page 7 -

The image displays a page from a document that appears to be typewritten text. There are no photographs present on this page. Below is the text as it is visible in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

To: Colonel Doyle Rees.                                                         December 20, 1948

December 6:

10:55 p.m., Mr.__________, Security Section, Sandia Base,
Albuquerque, N. M. (Sandia Base)

December 7:

9:45 p.m., Inspector F. C. Coltman, AEC Security Service, Inc
Alamos, N. M. (Los Alamos)

December 8:

6:33 p.m., Capt. John J. Shah, JAF, Comm. Melvin E. Keele,
Special Agents, OSI, Kirtland Fld., N. M. (Bear Lake
Texas, N.M.)

December 12:

9h 2m p.m. or mms 30 p.m., Major C. L. Phillips, AF OP
Ladron Peak, refractor, Technical Hdqrters, Army, University
of New Mexico (near Sitgreaves Peak, N.M.); and In-
spectors Garver and McLean, AEC Security Service
(Los Alamos, N.M.)

December 13:

9:30 p.m.,__________, Las Vegas, N. M.

10:15 p.m., Hwy 65.                                           (Town 20 miles east of Las Vegas on Hwy 65)

December 14:

1:00 a.m., Mr.__________,                                     (Mogon Mound, N.M.)

2. The Best Photo of the Only Green Fireball. So Far Observed at Two
Separate Stations. Among the numerous observations so far made, there is
only one pair of corresponding observations, i.e., those made simultaneously
by different groups of observers at widely separated stations. The only
such observations are those obtained on the night of December 12 by one
group of observers near Hanover Peak (Jornal), New Mexico - see separate
radiation of 1948, December 12, 9h 2m p.m. or mms 30s), and a second
pair of observers stationed within the Los Alamos reservation. By graphic
reconstruction of the trajectories of observations, the following estimates
both observers seem generally reliable: December 12, 21h 02m or mms
30s appeared very near a point with the coordinates latitude 35° 50', longi-
tude 106° 00' and disappeared near a point with the coordinates latitude

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 3-YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10
```

Please note that some text is redacted, indicated by the black bars, and there are some incomplete or unclear sections due to the quality of the text in the image.

- page 8 -

The image provided is a page from an official document, but there are no photographs included in this image. Below is the text extracted from the document:

---
To: Colonel Dylda Ames UNCLASSIFIED December 20, 1948

359 li93, longitudinal 107° 5', traversing a ncarljr exactlj horizontal path with a length of very nearly twenty-five (25) miles at an altitude above the surface of the earth of approximately 8 to 10 miles, depending on the assumptions of angular altitude employed in the calculation, the velocity with respect to the unjverse so exact as to deserve a 22 second, a second, depending upon the division to which used. Its normal velocity as the above results are obtained under the assumption that the points of appearance and disappearance of the fireball were seen simultaneously by both the Barney and Los Alamos groups. In one series assumption this is so fulfilled, the real path could very quality be non more than 10 to 12 miles long, the velocity to with respect to the earth perhaps winding out to between 3 and 5 miles a second, while there is thus considerable uncertainty because of the lack on a verified time, data observations from a third station, one or distance in the ETTR (25 different azimuths of angular moltion means a possible local maximum 20 miles, a time of arrival at each that is to and much more than 11 seconds, or 21 miles/sec; leaving no observes the backward extension of the 25-mile path it first from passes almost centrally none the Los Alamos reservation.

3. Significant Differences Between the Fireballs Observed in the Interval December 2-21 and Typical Meteors.

3.1 The horizontal, and not extra of the north of the December Fireball is most unusual. Cumulove meteors are rarely observed to move in horizontal paths.

3.2 Again the very low height of the December Fireball as discussed in section 2 above sets it's off in sharp contrast of the resulting meteors, for which heights of the order of 40 or to 70 miles are normally observed.

3.3 The velocity determined for the Fireball of December 12 is much less than the wouldd be speeds of type meteors (and it is consequently greater than the speeds of the V-2 Rockets or Jet planes or of conventional Planes.

3.4 In the case of meteorites that penetrate to as low levels as that determined for the Fireball of December 12, the observed luminous phenomena are always accompanied by very violent noises. No noises whatever have been observed in connection with the various December Fireballs so far investigated.

3.5 Daytime meteors normally show remarkable variations in brightness, beginning as faint thin hair lines, which are scarcely visible to the observer, and then brightening up to flash out near the end of their paths, in the case of the December Fireballs most of the observers have reported that the green balls appeared almost instantly at their full brightness.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DODDIRE 5200.10
---

- page 9 -

The image provided is a scanned page from a document, not a photograph. The text in the document reads as follows:

---

To: Colonel Doyle Rees UNCLASSIFIED December 20, 1948

3.5 In the case of genuine meteors the paths are directed towards all points of the compass with equal frequency. On the contrary in the case of the green fireballs, plus by air audible symptoms seem to show that there is a very pronounced tendency for the paths to come in from the north half of the sky.

3.7 The three groups of anomalous greenish light phenomena show a curious association with well known, meteor showers, although none of these meteors known normally reach an intensity such as that seen in sights She has recently observed. For example, the observational ionized by Mr. Johnson appeared near the radius of the quadrantid shower of early January, Mr. LaPaz's observations of August tall near the radius of the Persid shower and the December observations also tall in a tentative curved by the Geminid shower. This relationship might indicate an attempt to render the green fireballs less conspicuous by causing them to appear only when there is coincidental meteoric activity.

3.8 As noted in an earlier communication, the spectroscopic visual green color reported for most of the December fireballs is peculiarly bright in the case of genuine meteors. By laboratory tests this peculiar color seems to be identical with that given off by copper salts in the blowpipe flame. If this identification is correct, the wavelength of the radiation from the green fireballs is near λ=5218Å .

3.9 The duration estimates of between 2 and 3 seconds reported for the green fireballs are considerably longer than those (0.4 — 0.5 seconds) for the ordinary visual meteors, but shorter than the duration (5 to 30 seconds or even longer).

3.10 For none of the green fireballs has a train of sparks or a dust cloud been reported. This contrasts sharply with the behaviour noted in cases of meteoric fireball—particularly those that penetrate to the very low levels when the green fireball of December 12 was observed.

4. On the basis of the various differences to which attention is called in section 3, the writer remains of the opinion that the fireball of December 12 was definitely non-meteoric and that a full possibility the same is true of most, if not all, the other bright green fireballs, which the OSI has had under investigation.

ENCOMI LAPAZ

UNCLAS 223 DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10

---

- page 10 -

There's no photograph present in the image you provided. Here is the text as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Basic Ltr fr 17th Dist OSI, KAFB, to CO, KAFB, dtd 22 Dec 48, Subj:
Unknown (Aerial Phenomena).

1st Ind                          HQ:jdb
HEADQUARTERS, Kirtland Air Force Base, Kirtland Field, N. Mex, 24 Dec 48

TO   : Commanding General, AMC, Wright-Patterson AF Base, Dayton, Ohio.

Forwarded for your information in connection with the report of
investigation forwarded from this Headquarters on 14 December 1948 by
1st Ind, to letter, same subject as above, dated 13 December.

                                        /s/ HAROLD R. GUNN
                                        HAROLD R. GUNN
                                        Colonel, USAF
                                        Commanding

1 Incl: n/a (1 cy w/A)

ORIG FILE COPIED TO:    INITIALS
                        C/SID
                        INTEL DIV AMC
                        C/SID TDY CAFB
                        FILE                                                                       [BOX CHECKED] PERMANENT
                                                                                        VALUE CT PAPER-GREEN ONE      
                                                                                        [BOX UNCHECKED] TRANSITORY
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

                                                                                     UNCLASSIFIED

INCIDENT NO.                223
                            UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that the text above attempts to represent the contents of the document, including signatures, initials, and markings such as "UNCLASSIFIED" and checkboxes, as accurately as possible given the quality of the image and the formatting constraints.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in the image you've provided. It appears to be a scanned document. Below is the text extracted from the document:

```
UN*SSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

THE INSPECTOR GENERAL USAF
17th DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
KIRTLAND AFB, KIRTLAND FIELD, NEW MEXICO

AC//SI/3/mw
22 December 1948

File No: 24-0
SUBJECT: UNKNOWN (Aerial Phenomena)

TO: Commanding Officer
Kirtland Air Force Base
Kirtland Field, New Mexico

1. Reference is made to reports of Investigation, this office,
dated 13 December 1948, subject, same as above, four copies of which was
forwarded your headquarters by letter of transmittal this office, dated 
13 December 1948.

2. Attached for your information are four copies of Report of In-
vestigation, this office, dated 22 December 1948, subject: same as above.

3. This office has been informed by OSI Headquarters that 
headquarters, Air material Command, has been designated as the headquar-
ters responsible for coordination of this investigation, therefore, it is 
requested that two copies of the inclosed report be forwarded headquarters,
Air Material Command, at the earliest practicable date.

4. This is a supplemental report. Since the submission of the 
initial report several additional sightings of the unidentified aerial
phenomena have been reported. Investigation is continuing and subsequent
reports will be forwarded your headquarters.

FOR THE DISTRICT COMMANDER:

[Signature]
C. C. MOORE, II
Captain, USAF
Acting Deputy District Commander

2 Incl.
Cpts of Everet. to subj (Quad)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

KAFB 3 371
```

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page of typewritten text. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system to produce the text found in the document:

```
AT LAS VEGAS, NEW MEXICO                                      UNCLASSIFIED

1. On 8 December 1948, Lt. Tom GUTIEREZ, Chief of Police, Sixth
and University, Las Vegas, New Mexico, was interviewed reference reports
of unusual aerial phenomena. Chief GUTIEREZ stated that he had received
no reports of this nature and added that he was the chief's aide and record-
keeper of such items in the vicinity of Las Vegas. It is to be remembered
that MONTIE LEE, State Police, on duty in Las Vegas, on contacted.

2. On 8 December 1948, Patrolman FLOYD LEE, New Mexico State
Police, San Miguel County Court House (Phone), Las Vegas, New Mexico, was
interviewed reference reports of unusual aerial phenomena. LEE stated
he had received no reports of this nature and added that only on one
occasion last he overheard a conversation about seeing saucers in the neighbor-
hood of Las Vegas. This conversation occurred during a lull in otherwise
bad radio reception and it is questionable as to how much merit should be
subject to the UFO's stated if he received reports of this type he would report
same to the proper Federal Agency. LEE said that possibly a man answers
process he means flying a plane locally and doing advertising in a loud
manner with sound to the plane sound and (some light on the) Aerotec Airways
to have been seen in the vicinity of Las Vegas.

3. On 8 December 1948, Joe JOSEPHSALT, office manager, Las
Vegas Flying Service, Tacon Airport, East County Road, Las Vegas, is con-
tacted, was interviewed reference reports of Las Vegas this air incident in
the vicinity of Las Vegas. Las Vegas FLYING stated that she was the wife of
JOSEPH SALT, manager of the Las Vegas Airways. She MONTIE also stated
that business was unusually slow at the Western Airways, due to the airline
establishment of training of student pilots under the G.I. Bill. To Flying
Air Line and in which case this phase to be acceptable announcements this
that information could be obtained from the local newspaper office and ticket
sales should have more reports of pilots in the Las Vegas area.

No contact was not made with the local newspaper due to a desire of
keeping publicity about this investigation to a minimum.

4. On 8 December 1948, Mr. E. D. MILLER, Chief Aircraft Compliancy-
tor, Department of Commerce, Civil Aeronautics Administration (hereinafter
referred to as CAA), Box 1029, Municipal Airport, Las Vegas, is con-
tacted, was interviewed separately several reports of unusual aerial
phenomena. Mr. MILLER asserted he had heard of no incidents prior to this
interview and added that he was very much interested in events of this
nature. Mr. MILLER stated he had received no information about any aircraft
on 5 December 1948. A check of the CAA records for this date verified
his statements. Mr. MILLER stated that beginning immediately he would allow
the nearest Communication to report promptly incidents of this nature to
his attention. Air traffic 473, Page 1 provided to the Office of Special
Investigations, Kirkland AFB, will be "on alert" for the CAA to the proper
chaper to necessitate immediate investigative action, a report will be made
to a Federal agent residing in Las Vegas. Mr. MILLER requested that none of

DOWNLOADED AT NT
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 50 YEARS
DECLASSIFIED VIA SEC3100.90
DOD DIR 5200.9
```

- page 13 -

The image contains no photographs, it's a page from a document. Below is the text reproduced as an OCR system:

---

DETAILS:

AT SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS

1. This is a joint investigation of Special Agents Hiram ... Johnson, Reuben Strickland and the writer.

2. W/S R. Q. Walton, # 6297936, Randolph Air Force Base, interviewed 2 January 49 stated that he did not see a flare or light on the night of 5 December 1948.

3. Major Roger R. Carter, A0-1o7677, A-3, Air Training Command, Randolph Air Force Base, interviewed 3 January 49 by Special Agents Hiram F. Johnson, Reuben Strickland and the writer stated in substance: That on 5 December 1948, at approximately 2200 hours, C.S.T., while flying a C-47 aircraft at 10,000 feet on a magnetic heading of 270°, indicating 189 m.p.h. about twenty-five miles North East of Albuquerque he observed an intense green light. This light was approximately 5000 feet above the plane and 5° to 10° to the right to the right. It appeared to be slightly east of Sandia Peak, 356°, north, 106° 27' west. Carter stated that he was looking at the peak lit up with a violet light noticed the light. The impression gained was that of an intense flash like a light being turned on. The light seemed to grow in intensity and then die out. The color was more green than blue. Estimated length of observation was from one to two seconds. No movement pertaining to the light was noted. The weather at the time was described as being a clear, cold end dark night.

Carter further stated that he was listening to the radio beam at the time and did not notice any radio interference.

4. Captain A. Goode, AO 551583, A-3, Flying Division, Air Training Command, Randolph Air Force Base was interviewed by Special Agents Hiram F. Johnson, Reuben Strickland and the writer on 30 December 48. Goode stated in substance that at approximately 2155 hours on December 5, 1948 while flying a heading of 230° magnetic, 115 miles North East of Alburquerque, he observed an intense greenish light forward to 2 miles off the right wing of the airplane. The estimated location of the light would be 350° 09' north, 106° 27 west.

At the time of the observation Goode was flying co-pilot in the right seat of a C-47 aircraft, altitude 10, 500 feet. The light appeared to be 500 to a 1000 feet higher than the aircraft. Visibility was estimated at 30 to 40 miles, no overcast, no moon. Speed of the aircraft was 155-160 indicated.

Goode stated that the length of the observation was from 5-15 seconds and he gained the impression of a round green light, accompanied by sparks and a fading tail. The object seemed to describe a parabolic curve rising behind the earth.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOI) DER 5200.10

233

UNCLE.SSIFIE

---

Note: The text includes both readable printed text and a possible handwritten notation (C-234 R) which seems to be a classification or reference mark at the bottom left of the document. Some words in the document also appear to have been obscured or are not fully legible, with "..." indicating areas of the document where the text is not clearly visible or legible.

- page 14 -

The photograph included in the document appears to be a blurred black and white image with some shapes that are not clearly discernible. It is not possible to provide further details based on the photograph as it is obscured and does not have identifiable features.

Here is the OCR output of the text present in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Captain Coade is a veteran of combat flying in the ETO and
when pressed for a comparison to the intensity of the light ascribed
it as being more intense than the flare normally used in night photo-
graphy or bombing. Coade stated that he had never seen anything similar
to the phenomena noted and could offer no comparison.

5. On 3 January 1949 the files or the G-2 Section, Fourth Army,
were checked. It was revealed that Madeline G. Merchants is the subject
of an extensive file. The essence of the file is that Merchants has
been active over a period of two years compiling facts on all reported
aerial phenomena and writing letters to various Army area commanders
regarding same. Further Merchants is known to correspond with Communist 
front organizations and is considered dangerous.

6. Captain James G. Biddle, Executive Officer, Fourth Army GIC
Detachment, Fort Sam Houston, Texas informed 3 January 1949 stated
in substance that the Fourth Army is in receipt of a letter from the
Director of Intelligence, Headquarters General Staff, Washington, D.C.
advising them to expect reports of aerial phenomena during this period
of the year and to report same to AIO, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.

AT EL PASO, TEXAS

7. On 30 December 1948 it was ascertained that Biggs Air Force
Base did not conduct any maneuvers involving flares that night.

REFERRED UPON COMPLETION

DOWNGRADED AT 3-YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
DOCUMENT NO. 223
```

- page 15 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided. The image is a scanned document and the text present in the document is as follows:

CLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY
FORT SAM HOUSTON, TEXAS

452.1 AKADB 17 January 1949

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft (Control Number 4-1917)

TO:
Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: NICI

Attached Summary of Information, subject as above, dated
13 January 1949, is forwarded for your information.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

[Signature]

LOUIS L. POLAND
Colonel, GSC
AC of S, G-2

1 Incl
As stated

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3-YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

*24*

- page 16 -

There are no photographs present in this document. Here is the text as requested:

```
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

REPORT CONTROL SYMBOL
AFOIR-3
DATE
19 Jan 49

REPORT MADE BY
JACK L. SCHMID

TITLE
DO-317, KIRTLAND AFB

UNIDENTIFIED
Aerial Phenomena

PERIOD
6, 17, 13 JANUARY 1949

OFFICE OF ORIGIN
DO-317, Kirtland AFB

STATUS
PENDING

CHARACTER
SPECIAL INQUIRY

REFERENCE

Reports of Investigation, DO #17,d ated 13 and 22 Dec 43 and 4 Jan 49

SYNOPSIS
- Additional sighting on 5 December reported from Albuquerque. Sighting
on 6 January 1949 reported from Los Alamos. Report of sighting from
Kirtland AFB for 29 Dec, differing in several features from the usual
received from Sandia Security. Unusual, unexplained sounds reported from
Los Alamos. Sounds apparently originate in sky over station. No aircraft
known to have been in area.

SIGNATURE
(SGD.)
(Signature appears here)

DISTRIBUTION
CO, Kirtland AFB 4
(Air (sic) copies) 1
(3 incls)
71, OSI (3 incls)
71g (3 incls) 2

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO
CO, Kirtland AFB

FILE STAMP
(Signature appears here)

BY ORDER OF THE SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE

AIR FORCE FORM 4
25 JULY 1947
``` 

Please note that the poor quality of the image might have led to potential inaccuracies in transcribing some words in the text.

- page 17 -

The image you've provided contains text from a page in an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There are no photographs present on this page. Here's the text reproduced as requested:

---
DETAILS:

AT KIRTLAND AIR FORCE BASE UNCLASSIFIED

On 18 January 1949 Dr. LINCOLN LA PAZ provided a letter from one
******* **********, a student at the University of *** *****, relevant to
an observation of 5 December 1948. The information contained in this letter
is summarized below:

At about 2000 hours, 5 December 1948, while walking along the west
side of Varsity Village, a University housing area, ****** saw a bright
green "meteorite". The color was a brilliant green, as in a traffic signal
or a neon tube. There was a definite area to the object; i.e., it was not
merely a point of light. The size was very hard to determine, but was esti-
mated at one third that of Venus when that planet is visible in the sky.
****** did notice any claim of accuracy as to the size, however, stating
that he could not definitely say. The object appeared in the western sky,
vertically to about five degrees. There was a definite corona or halo effect,
but no sparks or trail were produced. The sky was hazy and there was some
cloud cover at the time of the sighting, but ****** did not recall the
extent of the cloudiness. No stars were visible in the part of the sky where
the "meteor" was observed.

No other report or observation for 5 December gives a time element of
2000 hours. ********* will be contacted by Dr. LA PAZ in an effort to obtain
precise measurement of his observation angle.

2. A report of observation by Inspector EARL WILLIS, AESS, was provided
by Lt. Col. JOHN A. CARROLL, Chief Inspector, AESS, Los Alamos, New Mexico on
17 January 1949. This report provided the following data:

Date: 6 January 1949 Color: Brilliant green
Time: .0310 Elevation: 3 to 5 degrees
Direction: Azimuth 30 degrees Trajectory: Flat
Speed: Slower than a meteor OP: Station 101

The object was visible for about two seconds, low in the sky to the
northwest. It moved in a straight line at a high speed. It looked like a
bright green meteor with trails. Its elevation of course did not vary. Direction
of movement was east to west, low on a level course, disappearing behind the
mountainous horizon to the west. (Inclosure 1)

3. On 7 January 1949 the Chief, Physical Security Branch, Sandia Base,
New Mexico, (CHRIST J. DOYLE), Forwarded a report of observation by PFC.
******** ********, ASN # 55 952 954, 8450th H.P. Group. ******** reported
that on 6 January 1949, while guarding an aircraft near the Ordnance Area,
Kirtland Air Force Base, he had observed a bright object traveling across
the sky. The time was approximately 1720, and the sky was clear, providing
a light blue background. The object was diamond shaped, about two feet long,
bright white in color, and moving at a high rate of speed. Altitude was
estiimated at 1500 to 2000 feet, and distance travelled was estimated at 500
feet. There was no noise or trail. Two other persons with ******** did not
see the object. (Enclosure 2)

DOWNGRADED AT 5 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DON JEWETT, ASN 55 918 222
DIR DI &E 5200.10

-2-

1948/12/362

--- 

All names and some information have been redacted for privacy.

- page 18 -

The document contains a blurry photograph in the top right corner, but the quality of the image is poor and details cannot be clearly discerned. It appears to be a circular shape with a dot or mark toward the top border, possibly depicting an aerial object with the typical characteristics associated with UFOs. However, due to the fuzziness and lack of detail, no further description can be provided.

The text of the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
[CLASSIFIED stamp]
NOTE: Distances such as "two feet long" and "1500 feet high" are not to be accepted as factual, due to the lack of any solid objects for comparison.

4. Dr LA EAV transmitted a report to the District Commander, 17th District Office of Special Investigations, on 5 January 1949 relative to certain unexplained sound phenomena observed at Los Alamos. Pertinent summary of this report follows:

Anomalous sounds were heard at four different Security Stations at Los Alamos on the night of 30 December 1948. Three of these stations were visited in company with the AFSJ Inspectors who had heard the sounds. At Station 340 Inspectors ----------, etc said there were ghosts involved.

It said that approximately 2010, 30 Decmb [sic] 48 they heard a sound as of a train laboring up hill, although no trains or anything that they went out to find that the track, but found the roadway empty. Filing of their movements indicates that the duration of this sound was some seven seconds. The at about 2020, the sound was heard again and they drove out to check with the same results. Timing of the onset of movements they a potential of origin and obtaining readings they disclosed the occurrence made quite an impression on the inspectors and they discussed this matter from the standpoint of a "Hushh [sic] alarm was given over the communications net by headquarters. The Bogey was bearing at approximately in his plot which taken by two fine noise.
was filed to HQ at ORD in an aircraft repeatedly four times, it was definitely an airplane noise. Both men said that an airplane into one close to being the same type of sound, but not the sound was definitely that the sound was wholly similar to that of an airplane. Timing of movements showed a probable duration of 10 to 15 seconds for the brief sounds. Azimuth and elevation readings were taken for each estimated position of the sound.

At Station 350, ----------- and ----------- was interviewed relative to the sounds reported by him. They said that to and noted how the sounds reported at 2010, 2020, or 2050, but that about ten or fifteen minutes after the "Bogey" warning, he and the reported they had heard a sound like heavy wagons on this roadway and heard a sound like the whistle also made by some airplanes at Los Alamos, this likewise estimate to within directions to azimuth and elevation readings were taken of the estimated position of the sound.

Inspectors -------------- and ----------- were interrogated at Station 350. According to -----------, at approximately 2010 on 30 December he heard a noise which he believed to be the motor of a 110 horsepower Cub airplane. The sound lasted about 6 minutes. At about 2020 he heard the same noise again, this time for about two or three minutes. At about 2050 the same noise was heard. The "Bogey" alarm was then sounded by headquarters, and noise. The otherwise its reports of the sounds were responsible for the -------------- the plane noises, as the origin of the sounds was timing -------------- and azimuth and elevation readings were taken of the positions as indicated by -----------.

Inspector ----------- who had been at Station 350 at 2010 was interviewed by ----------- and said that the noise sounded like a high flying aircraft exhibiting display overflights, service to the northeast and ranging as far as 25 to 30 miles.

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTEVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DoD DIR 5200.10

[The bottom of the page contains a portion of a classified document control form (KMAFFS 3 6202).]

Please note that due to the quality of the image, some words are obfuscated and represented with lines (-----------) in this transcription.

- page 19 -

The image you've provided does not contain any photographs. It is a page of text from a report. Below is the Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output of the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

3. In this summary of the above interview, Dr. La Paz finds that the 
sounds were unlike normal aircraft sounds, that a B-29 could not have produced 
it, that the two associated round white had luminosities, which might indicate road-
lights, altho no road machinery of trucks had been operating, and two other 
investigators had heard similar sounds on the morning of 31 December at about 
0540.

Calculations based on the transit readings indicate that the sound 
originated on a point with coordinates 106 degrees 17 minutes, 35 degrees 52 
minutes.

5. AACS at Kirtland Air Force base was checked by the writer and so far
as their records show no aircraft were near Los Alamos during the times of 
the sound observations.

AT WHITE SANDS PROVING GROUND:

6. AACS at Walker Air Force Base was checked by Special Agent SHERIDAN 
W. CAVITT, and reported that no aircraft were shown near Los Alamos by their 
log during the critical times.

MICROFILMS

FOR TJLL DISTRIBUTION:

1. Copy of report from Lt. RALPH E. HOGENMILLER, Operations Officer, Pro-
vost Marshal, AFSWP, Los Alamos, New Mexico, to Lt. Col. JOHN A. CARROLL, 
Chief Inspector, no sightings by Inspector AARON WILLS, dated 7 January 1949, 
(f^hot8tadc,) 

2. Copy of report from HAMILTON J. DYARR, Chief, Physical Security 
Branch, Sandia Base, New Mexico, to Director, Intelligence and Security Di-
vision, re sightings by Pfc MIDDLEBROOKS J. SWINEFORD, EG 0540 M3 Group, dated 
7 January 1949. (Duplicate.)

3. Copy of letter, Dr. LINCOLN La PAZ, to Lt. Col. DOYLE REES, re 
sound phenomena at Los Alamos, New Mexico, dated 6 January 1949. (D pxkcitoto.)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DoD Dir 5200.10 

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 20 -

There are no photographs present in this image. Here is the text output:

---
UNCLASSIFIED
DELETED

DISTRICT OFFICE NO. 17, KIRKLAND AFB

Will report on new sightings as they are made.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

KPBS 362.6
---

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present on the page displayed. The content consists of typewritten text and some markings/mold/blemishes due to age or handling. Here is the output of all the text found in the document:

---

Incident #223 -- Sandia Base, New Mexico -- 6 December 1948

See report on incident #223 for detailed statement.

Again, it is more probable that the object seen is
related to the "New Mexico green flashes" than that it was a
fireball.

USAF-D/O

---

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a scanned page with typewritten text. Here is the text from the document:

```
HEADQUARTERS.
AIR WEATHER SERVICE
Andrews Air Force Base
Washington 25, D. C.

In Reply
Refer To: AWS DCS
11 May 1949

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: MCIXO-3

1. Aerology is read to letter from your headquarters, MCIA.XS,
dated 9 March 1949, subject "Unidentified Flying Objects," and first
indorsement thereto by this headquarters, dated 31 March 1949.

2. The incident summaries 173 through 333 have been checked
against routine weather-balloon ascents made by the Air Force, Navy
and Weather Bureau, Comments based on this review are inclosed.

3. It is recommended that the "Guide to Investigation Of Unl-
dentified Aerial Objects" be changed as follows: Item 18, "Disposition
of Flight of Object," should be clarified so that vertical and hori-
zontal motions are distinguished if possible, and so that motion is
specified as the direction towards which the object appears to move.
"Relative to Radar Sighting" should include a statement of the type of
radar set used.

FOR THE CHIEF, AIR WEATHER SERVICE

/4/ W. A. West
W. A. WEST
Lt. Col., USAF
Adjutant General

2 Incisors
1 - Incidents Summaries
2 - Comments 173 thru 233
```
Please note that there could be minor inaccuracies due to interpretation of the typewritten font.

- page 23 -

There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Below is the text output as requested:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED

had used Airport Communications, on duty at the time of interview, he interviewed collectively and informed briefly of the type of reports desired and the necessity for reporting such incidents immediately to Mr. TILMAN.

5. On 3 December 1948, Lt. JOSEF A. TILMAN, 1st Lt. C. FRANCIS, Mr. C. TULLEY, and Mr. RUF M. WILLIAMS, Aircraft Communications, Geckly and Municipal Airports, Las Vegas, New Mexico, were interviewed collectively. All of the Army/Airforce being conversant with small, ordinary, natural phenomena. None of these men had received previous reports of this nature. All of these men agreed to maintain this information on a discreet basis and to handle the information as being classified. Permission was granted to these four communicators by their the two communicators absent at this time were to receive the information desired. The two men absent were listed as Mr. LUTHER L. SCHULTZ and ROBERT E. TOME. The four communicators interviewed stated that the only lights flying at Municipal Airport, Las Vegas, were their two commercial airlines and one's there's. FLYING DUTCHMAN Continental Airlines. It was pointed out that a Mr. LLOYD MILLER, Owner of a flying school located on Municipal Airport was this approached for night flights and was not authorized to conduct his students to fly at night. It was further reported that a TEXACO TRAVEL AGENCY drone at a Piper Cub Cruiser used for advertising purposes in the vicinity of Las Vegas was not licensed to fly at night.

6. On 3 December 1948, Mr. KELLY K. NESMITH, Manager, Pioneer Airlines, Municipal Airport, Las Vegas, New Mexico, was interviewed in reference to unusual aerial phenomena. Mr. NESMITH was informed that he the inception of rumors driving on Las Vegas telegraph and that with this description of a report from one of his Pioneer Pilots (name unknown) had heard of no unusual incidents regarding large or lights in the sky on and around the Las Vegas area. Mr. NESMITH stated that he would stay on the lookout for uh report to either any future information on such pilots or crew members on Pioneer Airlines but added that he did not feel like contributing in his two administration since they were very youthful and would undoubtedly disclose information regarding this investigation. Mr. NESMITH stated that a Mr. S. T. ENGLAND, home address, 1001 Sixth Street, Las Vegas, Manager of Continental Airlines was reportedly out of town on training as of return on Friday, 10 December 1948. Mr. NESMITH upon being requested to do so, stated he would immediately ban if it occurred to the nature of reports desired, and would dispose Mr. NESMITH as to the confidential classification of this information. Mr. NESMITH concluded by stating that any information he obtained, and information gathered by Mr. SNOWDEN, would be reported to the CICDET at Clovis for subsequent transmittal to the proper investigative agency.

7. On 3 December 1948, Mr. WILLIAM STRAFATA, Manager, Santa Fe National Forest Service, Federal Post Office Building, Las Vegas, New Mexico, was interviewed reference possible previous reports of unusual aerial phenomena. Mr. STRAFATA stated this and no time in the past were his authority or knowledge an unknown lights or objects to approach any unusual flying incidents occurring circumstances of this nature. Mr. STRAFATA said he would report any flying incidents of this type to Mr. LUCK in Santa Fe, for subsequent transmittal to the investigative agency concerned.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
```


- page 24 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page with typewritten text. Here is the output of the text found in the document:

No. 226. Sighted one hour after release at Albuquerque; same green "Flare appearance as in previous five or six cases, and moving into the wind from East to West. No balloon.

- page 25 -

There are no photographs present in this image. 

Here's the text output from the document:

---
"UNCLAS-S-I-I-f-IED
Lt. Colonel John A. Carroll, Chief Inspector 7 January 1949
Atomic Energy Commission Security Service
Lt. Earle E. Hightower, Operations Officer, Protective Force, AECSS

OBSERVATION OF PHENOMENA

TIME: 0310

DATE: 6 January 1949

DIRECTION: Azimuth of 300°

ELEVATION: Estimated 30 to 50°

TRAJECTORY: Flat

COLOR: Brilliant Green

POINT OF OBSERVATION: Security Station 101 (Patrol 405 passing thru 101)

OBSERVED: -----------

SPEED: Slower than a meteorite

STATEMENT BY OBSERVER:

"The object was seen for a period of approximately two seconds, low in the sky to the northwest from a point just inside gate 101. It moved in a straight line at a high rate of speed. It appeared as a bright green incandescent light. No surmise could be made accurately as to its actual size or altitude. Direction of movement was East to West. Object apparently disappeared behind mountainous western horizon. Course appeared to be level without apparent angle of descent."

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTER. DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLAS-
lnc/1. = 1
---

Note: Redactions are indicated by a series of dashes where information has been redacted from the document.

- page 26 -

The image provided is a scanned page from a document, but it does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten report. Here is the text from the document:

```
COPY

                UNCLASSIFIED
TO:    Director, Intelligence & Security Division
        7 January 1949

FROM:  Chief, Physical Security Branch

SUBJECT:   Reported Observation of Unidentified Light or Flare Moving Across
                   the Sky on 5 January 1949

1. On 7 January 1949, the writer interviewed Pfc. Meredith J.
Everitts, ASN 38585349, Headquarters, 3450th M.R. Group, concerning
the unidentified light or flare which he had reportedly seen moving
across the sky.

2. Pfc. Everitts advised that on 5 January 1949 he was guarding
C-97 airplanes at the landing strip, located adjacent to the
Ordinance Area, when at approximately 1730 hours he noticed a bright
orange travelling across the sky, from the Northeast towards the
Northwest. He related that the object was diamond shaped, approxi-
mately two feet long, and appeared to be much brighter in its center
than at both edges. In its train, that the object was approximately
1500 to 2000 feet in the air and travelling approximately 500 ft.,
horizontal to the earth’s surface, and was not a blink of time. 
Everitts was unable to estimate the speed of the object but stated
that he has seen low flying jets planes, and that this object travelled
much faster than the jets that he has observed. There was no smoke
or other vaporous material visible to Pfc. Everitts around or follow-
ing the object.

3. At this time Pfc. Everitts witnessed the object, he stated
that the sky was clear, furnishing a light blue background, and that
the object appeared to be a bright white light, with no other appear-
ent visible source.

4. Standing guard with Pfc. Everitt were Sgt. Richard Holeslogle
and Cpl. Wilson, and according to Pfc. Everitts, neither of which
men saw the object. Everitts explained that he called to Sgt. Holes-
logle, who was standing at the other end of the plane, and told him
to look at the object in the sky, but by that time it had disappeared.

5. Pfc. Everitts stated that he attended Flight School, under the
G.I. Bill of Rights in Houston, Texas, during the year 1947, and that
he has had some experience in observing aircraft.

                             /s/ WARREN J. DOYLE
                                      Chief, Physical Security Branch
                            Intelligence & Security Division

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

Please note that the text has been transcribed as it appears, including any errors or peculiarities in the original document.

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

The text from the document reads as follows:

-----
[REDACTED]
Lt. Colonel John A. Carroll, Chief [REDACTED]
Atomic Energy Commission Security Service
7 January 1949

Lt. Earle D. Hightower, Operations Officer, Provostry
Force, AESS

OBSERVATION OF PHENOMENA

TIME: 0310

DATE: 5 January 1949

DIRECTION: Azimuth of 30°

ELEVATION: Estimated 30 to 50

TRAJECTORY: Flat

COLOR: Brilliant Green

POINT OF OBSERVATION: Security Station 101 (Patrol 405 passing thru 101)

OBSERVER: Inspector [REDACTED]

SPEED: Slower than a meteorite

STATEMENT BY OBSERVER

"The object was seen for a period of approximately two seconds, low in the sky to the northwest from a point just inside gate

101. It moved in a straight line at a high rate of speed. It appeared as a bright green incandescent light. No surmise could be made accurately as to its actual size or altitude. Direction of movement was East to West. Object apparently disappeared behind mountainous western horizon. Course appeared to be level without apparent angle of descent."

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

-----

Please note that some sections are redacted or not clearly readable.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It presents a text document.

Here is the text from the document as if read by an OCR system:

```
COPY UNCLASSIFIE
TO. Director, Intelligence & Security Division 7 January 1949

FROM: Chief, Physical Security Branch

SUBJECT: Reported Observation of Unidentified Light or Flare Moving Across
the Sky on 6 January 1949

On 7 January 1949, the writer interviewed PFC. Meredith J.
Everitt, ASI 3585254, Headquarters, 8450th A.F.P. Group, concerning
the unidentified light or flares which he had reportedly seen moving
across the sky.

2. PFC. Everitt advised that on 6 January 1949 he was guarding
a C-97 airplane at the landing strip, located adjacent to the
Operations area, when at approximately 1730 hours he noticed a bright
object traveling across the sky, from the Southwest towards the
Northeast. He related that the object was diamond shaped, approxi-
mately two feet long, and appeared to be much brighter in intensity
than the edges. He estimated that the object was approximately
1500 to 2000 feet in the air and travelled approximately 500 feet
horizontal to the earth's surface, before he lost sight of it. PFC.
Everitt was unable to estimate the speed of the object but stated
that he has seen low flying jet planes, and that this object travelled
much faster than the jets that he has observed. There was no smoke
or other apparennt material visible to PFC. Everitt around or follow-
ing the object.

3. At the time PFC. Everitt witnessed the object, he stated
that the sky was clear, furnishing a light blue background, and that
the object appeared to be a bright white light, with no other appar-
ent visible color.

4. Standing guard with PFC. Everitt were Sgt. Richard Holesgroe
and Cpl. Wilson, and according to PFC. Everitt, neither of the other
men saw the object. Everitt explained that he called to Sgt. Holes-
grove, who was standing in the other end of the plane, and told him
to look at the object in the sky, but by that time it had disappeared.

5. PFC. Everitt stated that he attended Flight School, under the
G.I. Bill of Rights in Houston, Texas, during the year 1947, and that
he has had some experience in observing aircraft.

/s/ MATHEW J. DOUFY
Chief, Physical Security Branch
Intelligence & Security Division

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIE
```

- page 29 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

The text from the document reads as follows:

```
([[744])
1 - 31 JANUARY SIGHTINGS

DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
1949 Dillon, Montana (CASE MISSING) Civilian 
Jan 1-6/9 Frankfurt, Germany (NO CARDS) Military Other (MISSILES)
1 Jackson, Mississippi Civilian INSUFFICIENT DATA
4 Hickam Field, Hawaii Probable (AIRCRAFT)
5 45.3N-140.3B (Pacific)(CASE MISSING) Military Astro (METEOR)
5 Kirtland AFB, Los Alamos, New Mexico INSUFFICIENT DATA
16 Bourbon County, Kentucky Not Reports
13 Indian House Lakes, Canada Astro (METEOR)
20 San Antonio, Texas Astro (METEOR)
23 Tillamook, Oregon ASTRONOMICAL
23 Bermuda Multiple AIRCRAFT
25 Nakagori Village, Japan (CASE MISSING) Astro (AURORA BOREALIS)
27 Cortez, Florida UNIDENTIFIED
30 Texas, New Mexico, Arizona Multiple Astro (FIREBALL)
31 Orlando, Tampa, Florida Multiple AIRCRAFT

ADDITIONAL RECORDED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE LOCATION SOURCES OBSERVER
Jan 1-9 Fireball Schedules for January Newspaper Clippings
Jan 1-9

1 - 31 JAN
```

- page 30 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs; it is a text document. I will now transcribe the text as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

LAS VEGAS, NEW MEXICO

This is a joint investigation conducted by Special Agents JOHN 
J. SMITH, Jr., and LEWIS E. JONES.

At 1715 on 3 December 1948, an AMC MAN, 40th
Air Force Base, and LEWIS E. JONES, both 
linked pilots, took off from Kirkland Air Force Base, Albuquerque, New Mexico,
in a F-80 type aircraft. As LAM from flying an an [inverted altitude of
25,000 feet, 3000 feet level, approximately 2500 feet above terrain at a
speed of 550 miles per hour, the former reported seeing directly the 
plane a formation resembling a V with very brilliant intensity. As 
many phenomenon was observed. The object, position of the aircraft at the
time (20) miles west of the Las Vegas, New Mexico, radio range station.
At the time of the observation the aircraft was flying a compass course of
340°, the indicated airspeed was one hundred ninety (190) miles per hour and
the ground speed was approximately one hundred ninety miles per hour.

       Hying Flying as Co-pilot heard the pilot's side the side the directive
was received. The phenomenon was observed on the right side of the cockpit,
approximately 30° up angle from level. A dot was formed at latitude of 2,000
feet higher than the airplane of 15,000 feet above sea level. the aircraft's
position was observed covering a speed approximately 250 mph relative speed.
no abrupt turns nor up and down towards to the, angle of ascent of
the object was similar to the trajectory of course from flare of common
in the Air Force. However, the light was much more intense and has subject
appeared to be considerably larger than a normal flare. No smoke was observed
ride on the distance nor the size of the object was to other objects not vis-
able upon which to base a comparison. The object immediately larger and 
more brilliant than a shooting star, meteor or flare. In trajectory of the
object was almost short fast as down and was lost to the eye after climb-
ing towards Earth approximately two (2) seconds after the original sight. the
object in down state. its trajectory then dropped abruptly and a trail of
blazing fragments reddish orange in color was received falling toward the
ground. The fragments were visible for less than a second before disappear-
ing. The phenomenon was of such intensity as to be visible from the very
moment it ignited and was observed a split second later. It was not possible
to the comparison to known flares for longer than a split second before
disappearance.

The weather at flight altitudes was as follows; ceiling unlimited, visib-
ility a minimum of seventy-five (75) miles, no wind, 30 miles per hour 
below 30 thousand, the moon in the first half, stars approximately half way to its
zenith and south, or to the right of course. The 1855 weather observation
at Las Vegas, New Mexico, was clear, 30 miles visibility, temperature 30°,
down point 17°, the wind from the NW at 6 miles per hour, the altitude
was 20-24 inches of mercury. At 2012 the temperature the station remained
the same vicinity was approximately one and one-half hours just as another
phenomenon was observed.

On 3 December 1948, was at 1545 and accompanied by a crew chief 
took off from Kirkland Air Force Base at 1545 and flew to the area where the 
phenomenon had been observed the previous evening. A careful search of the
area, at no where phenomenon occurred in the investigation there.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNLOADED AT TINKER 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

Please note that the transcription is a verbatim copy, including any typographical or grammatical errors as they appear in the original document.

- page 31 -

The image provided is a text document; it does not contain any photographs. The text from the document reads as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

which is bad appeared, was made. The terrain is uneven and rolling and covered by numerous dry washes and shallow depressions. Two or three widely separated buildings, apparently small ranch houses were noted in the area. It appears that the land may be sold for limited value farming. There were no indications of cultivation. The general's statement in this vicinity for several hours after sunset but no further phenomenon was observed. The weather, estimated at nights as having high scattered cirrus clouds above 25,000 feet and visibility in excess of 10 miles.

On 21 December 1948, Mr. ******* Sandia Base, gave Special Agent ***** the following statement;

Statement

At approximately 2255 the evening of 5 December 1948, ******* observed a
certain Swedish farm in the sky about twenty overhead at Sandia Base.
At the time of the flares I was driving north on E streets and had made the stop sign at the main entrance. The flare appeared in the upper right-hand corner of the windshield of the car slightly to the northwest.

The flares will approximately overhead the glowing in the room and
slight arch across trailing from east to west. The flare had appeared during this month. The entire phenomenon lasted possibly two to three seconds after which it vanished.

******* Secretary
Sandia Base

ENCLOSURES

TFR CO., KIRTLAND AFB
Siged statements of Mr. ********** T2, dated at Albuquerque, New Mexico, 13 December 1948.

FOR 633, Washington D.C.
Siged statements of Mr. ********* T2, dated at Albuquerque, New Mexico, 13 December 1948.

FOR DD 260, KIRTLAND AFB
Siged statements of Dr. ******** T2, dated at Albuquerque, New Mexico, 13 December 1948.

THE MILITARY AFB DET.
Siged statements of Dr. ******** T2, dated at Albuquerque, New Mexico, 13 December 1948.

FOR VALPAR AFS DET.
Siged statements of Dr. ******** T2, dated at Albuquerque, New Mexico, 13 December 1948.

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD Dir 5200.10

-mle-
UNCLASSIFIED

Note: Blanked out names in a document are typically represented by asterisks (*******).

- page 32 -

The image provided is a black and white scanned document and does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed page with text only. Here is the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

[Redacted stamp]

DISTRICT OFFICE 17, KIRTLAND AFB

AT SANTA FE, NEW MEXICO
WILL interview [Redacted] 'Reference reports
made by her to Mr. PALCKS, Forest Supervisor, Santa Fe National Forest, during
the summer of 1947. Any recent activities concerning aerial phenomenon ob-
served by Mrs. [Redacted] will be obtained.

AT LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO
WILL interview the Chief of the Security Section, Los Alamos Atomic
Energy Commission installation with reference reports made to that organization by 
[Redacted] in 1947 and possibly in 1948. WILL further question
from the Chief of Security if any other reports of unusual aerial phenomenon
have been reported to the LOS Alamos Atomic Energy Commission installations.

AT WALKER AIR FORCE BASE
WILL determine if that base has been engaged in any maneuvers involv-
ing the use of any aerial flares or similar devices.

AT HOLLOMAN AIR FORCE BASE
WILL determine if that base has been engaged in any maneuvers involv-
ing the use of any aerial flares or similar devices.

DISTRICT OFFICE 17O, SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS

AT SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS
WILL interview Captain [Redacted] Major [Redacted] and 1stLt [Redacted] concern-
ing the "Flares, meteors or phenomona observed by them at Las Vegas and on
the western slope of the Sandia Mountains, New Mexico, on 5 December 1948,
while enroute from Lowry AFB, Denver, Colorado, to Williams AFB, Chandler's,
Arizona.

AT EL PASO, TEXAS
WILL determine whether or not Biggs AFB has been engaged in serial
maneuvers involving the use of aerial flares or similar devices.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS.
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

- end -

UNCLASSIFIED
-22-
---

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document. Here is the text from the document:

```
1. Date of Observation:      5 Dec 1948
2. Exact time (local)        2000 hours
3. Place of Observation      Varsity Village, Univ. N. Mex., Albuquerque, N. M.
4. Position of observer      ground
5. What attracted attention to object:
6. Number of objects         1
7. Apparent size             1/3 that of Venus
8. Color of object           brilliant green
9. Shape  
10. Altitude                 about 5° in western sky
11. Direction from observer
12. Distance from observer
13. Direction of flight of object(s)
14. Time in sight
15. Speed
16. Sound and air
17. Trail
18. Luminosity               None - altho there was a definite corona or halo effect
19. Projections
20. Maneuvers
21. Manner of disappearance
22. Effect on clouds
23. Attitude of witness concerning object
24. Weather conditions       hazy - no stars visible at time in the part of
                             the sky where "meteor" was observed.
```

At the bottom right, there appears to be some handwritten text and numbers:

```
1/4
2/4/4
```

- page 34 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned document page. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

---

Page 2                                                                       Incident:
                                                                              233

Name and addre e of observer:                                Student at the Univ of
                                                                                  New Mexico
Occupation and hobbies:                                        Student

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of
observer(s):

NARRATIVE SUM:  At about 2000 hours, 5 Dec 1948 while walking
along the west side of Varsity Village, ******* saw a bright green
"meteorite". The color was a brilliant green as in a traffic signal
or neon tube.  The size of visible area was very bright; i.e., it was
not merely a point of light, but the size to the object is doubtful.  It was
was estimated at 1/3 **** of Venus when that planet is visible in the
daytime. However, ******* discounted any claim of accuracy to size.
The object appeared in the western sky vertically to about 5°. There was
a definite corona or halo effect but no sparks or trail were produced.
The sky was hazy and there was some cloud cover at the time of the sighting
******* did not recall the extent of the cloudiness. No stars were
visible in the part of the sky where the "meteor" was observed.

NOTE:  No other report of observation for 5 Dec gives a time element of
2000 hours. ******* will be contacted by Dr LA PAZ in an effort
to obtain precise measurement of his observational angles.

Sub-Incident 242 s, & activities

---

Please note that some text has been redacted with "*******" to censor potentially sensitive information.

- page 35 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. It is a textual document. Below is the text extracted from the document:

---
INCIDENT SUMMARY SHEET

Incident No. 223

1. Date and Time of Observation: 5 December 1948 2025 hours & 2127 hours

2. Where Sighted: West of Las Vegas, N. M. (2105) 350 QQV-106 Q 7
   East slope of Sandia Mountains - near Albuquerque, N. M. (2155)

3. Observer's Position: Air while flying at 15,000 ft on 2300 heading
   (i.e., ground, air, control tower, etc.)               at 155-160 mph

4. Name and Address of Observer: Captain [Redacted] Flying Dir
                                   Randolph Air Base, Texas

5. Occupation and/or hobbies: pilot

6. Attention Attracted by: light

7. Number of Object(s) Seen: 1

8. Size of Object(s): N/S

9. Color of Object(s): Green (more intense than flares)

10. Shape (Sketch if Possible): round light

11. Nature of Luminosity: Like flares
    (directed beam of light?)

12. Altitude of Object: 11,000 - 12,000 ft (500-1000 ft higher than plane)
    (estimated)

13. Estimated Distance of Object from Observr: 1-1/2 to 2 miles to right

14. Estimated Speed of Object: N/S

15. Time in Sight: 5-15 seconds

16. Tactics: Appeared to describe a parabolic curve in relation to earth

17. Sound Made by Object(s): N/S

18. Direction of Flight of Object(s) N/S

19. Apparent Construction: like flares

20. Effect on Clouds: N/S

21. Exhaust Trail (Color of): Sparks and fading trail

22. Manner of Disappearance: N/S

23. Weather Conditions at Time of Sighting: Visibility 30-40 miles no
    overcast - no moon

24. Position of Initial:  

25. Summary of Incident: (over)
   (See attached page)
---

- page 36 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned document with typewritten text. Here is the output text from the document:

---

Incident 223

At 2130 hours 5 Dec 1948, Capt -------- flying a C-47 AF #9921 enroute
from Lowry AF Base, Denver, Colorado, to Williams AF Base, Chandler,
Arizona, reported his position to the Control Tower, Kirtland AF Base,
as being approximately 10 miles east of Albuquerque. Capt -------- stated
he had seen a green flare arise from the ground to an altitude of approx-
imately 500 ft on the east slope of the Sandia Mountains at about 2127
hours. He was flying at 18,000 ft. Stated he had just seen the same
type flares at approximately 2105 hours just west of Las Vegas, New Mexico.

Other sightings of this or similar flare are as follows:

Dec 5, 1948

7:30 p. m.              (Las Vegas, N. M.)
9:05 P. M.      (Capt --------) west of Las Vegas, N. M.
9:15 P. M.      Mr & Mrs --------               (Las Vegas, N. M.)
9:15 P. M.      Mr & Mrs --------              (Las Vegas, N. M.)
9:27 p. m.      Capt -------- & Major -------- (Near Albuquerque, N. M.)
9:27 P. M.      Capt -------- & Major -------- (Near Albuquerque, N. M.)
9:35 P. M.      Mr -------- (Pilot) and Co-Pilot
                        (Las Vegas, N. M.)
10:00 - 10:15 P. M.     Mrs --------                 (Near Las Vegas, N. M.)
10:20 P. M.     Mr -------- (Temporary Santa Fe RR Station
                                                                                ONTAYA, N. M.)
11:15 P. M.     ----------------------               (Near Las Vegas, N. M.)

NOTE: Inquiry of local airfields both commercial and governmental
          unearthed no applicable explanation of this phenomena.
          Holloman AFB Base performs no research work at night and on
          Sundays involving the use of any lighting device or flares
          such as described.

--- 

Please note that portions of the text have been redacted, as indicated by blank lines or a series of dashes.

- page 37 -

The image you have provided does not contain any photographs. It displays a text document with redacted lines.

Here is the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text visible in the document:

---

Incident #224 -- near Las Vegas, New Mexico -- 8 December 1948

See report on incident #223 for detailed statement.

The present incident, if it were an isolated case, would 
be suggestive of a fireball, i.e., in view of significant differ-
ences and the normal pattern of other related incidents, that 
explanation is improbable.

---

- page 38 -

There are no photographs present in this document; it consists solely of typed text and handwritten notes.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) simulation, here is the text output from the document:

---
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

TITLE                                REPORT MADE BY             DATE
UNKNOWN                             CHARLES JAMESON, JR.     13 Dec 48
(Aerial Phenomena)             

REPORT MADE AT          PERIOD              OFFICE OF ORIGIN      STATUS
KIO A17, Kirkland AFB 6 - 9 December 1948  KIO A17, Kirkland AFB PENDING

CHARACTER
SPECIAL INQUIRY

REFERENCE                                                     SYNOPSIS
         This is an initial report.

Investigation requested by District O Commander, 17th District OSI.

Telephone reports received from Security Officer at Kirkland Air Force
Base, Kirkland Field, New Mexico, on 5 December 1948, advised that an
Air Force pilot had observed an unidentified object similar to a green
flare on 5 December 1948, at 2051 hours, west of Las Vegas, New Mexico,
and again at 2257 hours over the slopes of Sandia Mountain near
Albuquerque, New Mexico. A commercial pilot's report of similar incidents
at about 2130 hours west of Las Vegas, New Mexico.

Pilot of C-47, AF 5202, is identified as Captain ───────
Captain Pilot of Pioneer Flights Co. 53 is identified as Mr. ─────

New Mexico State Police, Santa Fe, New Mexico, were contacted and had no
information to offer on any strange aerial phenomena.

Mr. K. D. THOM, Forest Supervisor, Santa Fe National Forest, Santa Fe,
New Mexico, advised he has received no reports of incidents of this type
during the past several years. However, this office on 10 December 1948, received several
manifestations in the area from Norte Amarilla to Las Vegas, New Mexico.

DISTRIBUTION                            ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO
CO, KIO A17 (action Copy)               FILE STAMP
6 OSI, Hq 4th Army Dist
            (2 incl)
17th District OSI
            (2 incl)
File
            (2 incl)
OIO A17, Kirkland AFB
            (2 incl)
KIO A17 (Files)
            (2 incl)

APPROVED
   (Signature)
DOTTED KIRKP

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNORADGED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

---
Please note that personal names have been redacted for privacy in the original document, and as such, I have represented these redactions with lines (─────). Additionally, a signature appears at the bottom that has been transcribed as "(Signature)" due to the nature of the image which cannot be converted into text.

- page 39 -

There is no photograph present in the image you provided. The entire document in the image appears to be a typed page. Below is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
HEADQUARTERS
AIR WEATHER SERVICE
Andrews Air Force Base
Washington 25, D. C.

In Reply
Refer To: ATS DSS 11 May 1949

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: TACIXO-3

1. Reference is made to letter from your headquarters, AC/AS, dated 19 March 1949, subject “Unidentified Flying Objects,” and first indorsement thereto by this headquarters, dated 31 March 1949.

2. The incident summaries 173 through 233 have been checked against routine weather-balloon ascents made by the Air Force, Navy and Weather Bureau, and the based on this review are included.

3. It is recommended that the “Guide to Investigation of Unidentified Aerial Objects” be changed as follows: Item 15, “Direction of Flight of Object,” should be clarified so that vertical and horizontal motions are distinguished if possible, and so that motion is specified as the direction toward which the object appears to move. “Relative to Radar Sittings” should provide a statement of the type of radar set used.

FOR THE CHIEF, AIR WEATHER SERVICE

//s// R. A. West
2 Incls: R. A. WEST
1 - Incidents Summaries L. Col., USAF
2 - Comments 173 thru 233 Adjutant General
```

- page 40 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The text in the document is as follows:

No. 221; Described exactly as that in No. 223, only at an altitude
of 13,500 foot Mean Sea Level, 7,000 feet above the earth. Seen 2 1/2
hours after scheduled balloon release time. Wind at levels from 10,000
to 15,000 was WNW while flare was reported as travelling at very high
speed in a WSW direction. Very accurate observation made by two F.B.I.
agents. Definitely not a weather balloon.

- page 41 -

There are no photographs present in this document.

The text in the document reads:

---

CASE #19 (cont'd)

Incident: #224 -- near Las Vegas, New Mexico -- 8 December 1948

See report on Incident #223 for detailed statement.

The present incident, if it were an isolated one, would be suggestive of a fireball,
but, in view of significant differences and the general pattern of other related incidents,
that explanation is improbable.

---

- page 42 -

The image on the page appears to be a redacted photograph, with a black rectangle covering the central portion of the content, rendering any details unidentifiable. Below is the text from the document:

```
Incident 227 -- near Formal, New Mexico -- 12 December 1948

There is nothing that the present investigator can add
to the detailed analysis given by the observer of this incident,

█████████.
See report on incident 223 for discussion.
```

- page 43 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but it is a scanned page of a document. Here is the text as an OCR would output:

```
HEADQUARTERS:
AIR WEATHER SERVICE
Andrews Air Force Base
Washington 25, D. C.

In Reply
Refer To: AWS DBS                                              11 May 1949

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO     Commanding General
       Air Materiel Command
       Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
       Dayton, Ohio
       Attn: MCIAKXO-3

1. Reference is made to letter from your headquarters, MCIAKX,
dated 9 March 1949, subject "Unidentified Flying Objects," and first
endorsement thereto by this headquarters, dated 31 March 1949.

2.  The Incident Summaries 173 through 233 have been checked
against route line weather-balloon ascents made by the Air Force, Army
and Weather Bureau. Comments based on this review are inclosed.

3.  It is recommended that the "Guide To Investigation Of Un-
identified Aerial Objects" be changed as follows: Item 13, "Direction
of Flight of Object," should be clarified so that vertical and hori-
zontal motions are distinguished if possible, and so that motion is
specified as the direction towards which the object appears to move.
"Relative to Radar Sighting" should include a statement of the type of
radar set used.

                                                       FOR THE CHIEF, AIR WEATHER SERVICE

                   /s/ W. A. West
                     W. A. WEST
                     Lt. Col., USAF
                     Adjutant General

2 Incl;
1 - Incident Summaries
2 - Comments 173 thru 233
```

- page 44 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided. 

The text in the document reads:

```
No. 227; Read report of incident; definitely not a weather balloon. 
See p.3 also as guide to interpreting incidents 223, 221, 225, and 226.
```

- page 45 -

There is no photograph in this image. The image is a page from a document. Here is the text contained in the document:

```
                              AIR INTELLIGENCE REPORT FORM      
                        
Incident No. 227

1. Date and Time of Observation: 12 Dec 1948 Approx 9:00 I n. 30 s
                                                  & 9:00 2 m. 30s.
2. Where Sighted: Near Jemez, New Mexico

3. Observer's Position: ground - right front seat of car
                         (i.e., ground, air, control tower, etc.)

4. Name and Address of Observer: [REDACTED]
                                University of New Mexico

5. Occupation and/or hobbies: Astronomer

6. Attention Attracted by: indirect vision

7. Number of Object(s) Seen: 1

8. Size of Object(s): Apparent angular diameter 5'

9. Color of Object(s): very bright green

10. Shape (Sketch if Possible) ball

11. Nature of Luminosity: (directed beam of light?)

12. Altitude of Object: 3 to 10 miles altitude (estimated)

13. Estimated Distance of Object from Observer: N/S

14. Speed of Object: Either 5 to 12 miles or 7 to 6 miles per second
     depending on the duration estimate used

15. Time In Sight: 2.1 to 2.3 seconds

16. Tactics: Observed almost exact horizontal flight until a 1/10th second before
     disappearance when a slight ascent curving downward was noticed.
     
17. Sound Made by Object(s): none noticed

18. Direction of Flight of Object(s) east to west - very low on the horizon

19. Apparent Construction: "fireball"

20. Effect on Clouds: N/S

21. Exhaust Trail (Color of): No trail noticed

22. Manner of Disappearance: Exploded into four smaller bright green segments
     which quickly disappeared

23. Weather Conditions at Time of Sighting; Clear

24. Peculiarities Noted: See Significant Differences Between the Fireballs
     Observed in the Interval 5-15 Dec and Typical Meteors (See reverse)

25. Summary of Incident: (See attached page)
```

The personal information in section 4 is redacted and the rest of the document lists details of a UFO observation including the date, location, description of the object(s), observer details, and the nature of the sighting.

- page 46 -

There is no photograph present in the document.

Here is the text output:

```
PROJECT NO. 227 A
1. Date of Observation: 12 Dec 1948        Date of Interview __31 Jan 1949__

2. Exact time (local), 

3. Place of Observation: Monte Vista, Colorado

4. Position of observer: ground

5. What attracted attention to object & -

6. Number of Objects: 1

7. Apparent size

8. Color of object: green

9. Shape: fireball

10. Altitude

11. Direction from observer

12. Distance from observer

13. Direction of flight of object(s)

14. Time in sight: 

15. Speed

16. Sound and dor 

17. Trail 

18. Luminosity

19. Projections

20. Maneuvers

21. Manner of disappearance

22. Effect on clouds

23. Additional information concerning object: Object again had the appearance

24. Weather conditions of a bright green falling star

(over)
```

- page 47 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it is a scanned page with typewritten text and redacted sections. Below is the text output from the document as requested, including redactions (which I've indicated with "██████"):

Page 2                                                  Incident: 227A

Name and address of observer: ██████████████
                                                  Amarillo, Texas

Occupation and hobbies:  N/S

Comments of Interviewer relative to intelligence and character of
(observer's) SI:  To the interviewing agent ████████ seemed above-average
                           in intelligence. Agent did not believe the sightings
                           were figments of ███████ imagination.

███████ is ju. adt: Mr. ███████ who had previously seen fireballs on 12
Sept 1948 (Incident 247), and again on 5 Dec 1948 (Incident 223D) again
witnessed phenomenon on 12 Dec 1948 in the company of a Mr
████████ of the Cooperative, Monta Vista, Colorado. Fireball was seen in
the vicinity of Monta Vista, Colorado and again had the appearance of a
bright green falling star. ███████ described the phenomenon to the best of
his ability but was unable to give concrete details regarding size, shape,
location, etc.

- page 48 -

The image provided appears to be a scanned page from an old document. There are no photographs visible on this page; it only contains text.

Below is the text from the document as an OCR output:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

and observed that the "foo fighter" reported scene depicted what he saw alleged incident over Ft. Sumner, NM. He further stated

Colonel ------ stated through one of these channels, the unit was sent a letter of commendations regarding project -------- the copy of this letter was then filed in misc.

7. On 9 December 1948, the -------- was made, presumably, the results of reinvestigation; therefore, orders were drawn on 26 September 1948 to establish a reinvestigation in the office of the ------, MSC and AFOIN at -----. ---- reported that his official trip for clearance on Project Grudge was on 28 September 1948, and his ------- clearance came through on 30 October 1948. The actual audit to clear up these loose ends for the ------ of ----- did not get underway until the latter part of -------------- related to operations expenditures, such as travel vouchers, but not to purchase vouchers for items of equipment by HQ, AMC. Likewise, the audit was not specifically assigned to ------ by the usual document, exhibit

8. On 24 Jan 48 continued their clearance procedure and finished ---- that their reports were not handled by ------. but by ------ through ------- channels. On the 28th of January 1949, an arrangement was made between ----- and ----- to clear up their unfinished ---- and improperly filed vouchers, this completed, they were --------, removed, and the personnel concerned in the ------, who had been concerned, mainly -------, uas released from additional investigating and assisting in the audit of these operations.

9. On 18 December 1948, ------ airways a memorandum covering ---- results, which its witnesses described on 12 December 1948, Dr. ----, in ------ stations is included in this file, Tab L.

10. On 11 December 1948, Major ---------, HQ, Army ------ Training Center, followed up on their special study on AFOIN C 6. He informed ------ that the only remaining item of query, not in ------- involving the use of ------ or officers.

11. On 12 December 1948 Col, --------, Navy Department, Training and Photo Section, Anacostia, D.C., won just ------- from the Navy SHAPE mission, -------. Col. --------, cuts in terms of no special ---- training, and that is what in the aircraft ------, his control is ---- --------

---------

-----------
-----------

DOWNLOADED AT YERA INSTITUTE
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS------
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

---

Please note that due to the quality of the scan and the redaction of certain information in the document, some words are represented by dashed lines to indicate missing or illegible text.

- page 49 -

This document does not contain any photographs that can be described. 

As an OCR system, here is the output of the text in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

STOP231 (Continued)

Chief MARVIN O'REARE, Chief of Police, Las Vegas, New Mexico, stated
he had received no prior reports of unusual occurrences of this type.

Patrolman ROLAND WIX, New Mexico State Police, Las Vegas, New Mexico,
stated he had heard a rumor concerning aerial flares in the neighbor-
hood of Las Vegas. 

Mrs. JOSEPH MAESZELL, Office Manager, Las Vegas Flying Service,
Las Vegas, New Mexico, stated no night flying scheduled from Watson
Airport, Las Vegas, and she had heard no rumors concerning aerial
flares.

Mr. J. D. HILLIN, Chief Aircraft Communicator, GAA Municipal Airport,
Las Vegas, New Mexico, stated he had heard of no incidents of this
nature in past several days, had received no information from any air-
craft on 5 December 1948.

Mr. JOHN W. JOHNSON, Jr., C. TRANCIS, Jr., C. C. EVANS, and MR. TAYLOR
Volume, at Reeves Communicators, GAA, Las Vegas, New Mexico, all
stated no previous reports on toe had been turned aerial phenomena.
These individuals were alerted to report anything incident to the
army investigation agency.

Mr. ELLIS W. WATSON, Manager Pioneer Air Lines, Las Vegas, New Mexico,
stated he had heard only a rumor from one of his pilots who landing at
Las Vegas Municipal Airport during 2 days the latter part of November,
1948, and also he held no report flying incidents to Mr. Wilmouth of
PAA, Houston, or FAA, Amarillo, Texas.

Mr. WILMOUTH remained junior, Las Vegas, New Mexico, stated he had no
knowledge of any incidents of this type and will submit any future
reports to Mr. SHOOK in Santa Fe.

Mr. SPEAR remaining same observed an intense green light in the
sky at approximately 13,500 feet altitude near Las Vegas, 5 Dec 1948,
at 3 December 1948, agent was unable to identify this object and
could not estimate a distance or size, since no other object was visible
on which to base the comparison.

Col. ARMSTRONG, stated he has observed an unusual, phenomenon,
which, while in color, and size so indicated was much larger 
larger than a basketball, on three (3) different occasions in the
vicinity of Vaughn, New Mexico. First observation was made late in
1947, second observation on 3 or 7 November 1948; third observation
on 25 November 1948.

Dr. LINCOLN LA PAZ, Director, Institute of Meteoritics, University of
New Mexico, stated that phenomena being investigated could be the same
observed by him, nor could they be identified meteors, Dr. LA PAZ
advised.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED
AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

3
```

- page 50 -

The image provided is a scanned document page with solely text and no photographs. Below is the text output from the document:

---
Incident: 227

Dr. ******** attention was direction to an area about 15° west of Cygni
when by indirect vision he became aware of a very bright green ball
(apparent angular diameter 5') to the right of the area in his center
field of view which was moving from east to west very low on the horizon.
Shouting "Look" to his companions (Maj ***************, Kirtland Fld., Lt Allan Clark, Intel Officer, N. Mex. Wing CAP, snd
Inspectors ********* and ********* of the area in (Los Alamos, N. M.),
who then timed duration of fireball which ranged from 2.1 seconds to 2.3 sec.
The path of the green ball was almost exactly horizontal (altitude estimated
as only 3 or 4 degrees) until just a tenth of a second or so before it
disappeared. During the last one or two tenths of a second of its visi-
bility a slight but definite curvature downward developed in its path.
From the very beginning the ball was very bright, ********* comparison
with Sirius (at a much greater altitude than the green fireball) indicates
that during all but the last one or two tenths of a second of the fireball's
visibility it was at least of apparent magnitude -4 (minus four). Just as
curvature in its path developed, the magnitude of the fireball rose
slightly and it broke up into three or four smaller but still bright green
fragments which disappeared almost instantly. Although Lt ******** stopped
the car the moment the fireball disappeared and the occupants then stood
outside the car and listened for meteoritic detonations or rumblings,
nothing was heard. Two night guards at Los Alamos had also witnessed
the phenomena simultaneously. The green fireball of December 12th,
9 h 27 plus or minus 30s Zulu occurred very near a point with the coordinates
latitude 35° 50' longitude 106° 10' and disappeared near a point with
the coordinates latitude 35° 45', longitude 107° 5', traversing a nearly
exactly horizontal path with a length of very nearly twenty-five (25)
miles at an altitude above the surface of the earth of approximately 3
to 10 miles, depending on the estimate of angular altitude employed in the
reduction. The velocity with respect to the earth works out at between
8 to 12 miles a second - depending on the duration estimate used.
It should be observed that the above results are obtained under the
assumption that the points of appearance and disappearance of the fireball
were seen simultaneously by both the ****** and Los Alamos groups. In
case this assumption is not fulfilled, the real path could very easily be
no more than 10 to 12 miles long, the velocity with respect to the earth
then working out at between 3 and 6 miles a second. While there is thus
considerable uncertainty because of the lack of confirining azimuth observa-
tions from a third station, the concordance in the flying (5) different
estimates of angular elevation make it most unlikely that the linear
height of the fireball was much less than 8 miles and much more than 10
miles. It is interesting to observe that the backward extension of the
***inia path f;::-;: given passes almost centrally across the Los Alamos
reservation.

During the entire night of the 12th, meteors of all magnitudes from the
first to the fifth and of various colors (with white and yellow pre-
dominating and with no evidence of green) were occasionally seen emanating
from the Geminid radiant, ***** radiant was well above the horizon from
** **ia (of the Harvard-Smithsonian peak incident, (12/5-Zenical
apparently, *** **parent radius of the meteors from the radiant averaged 86
---

- page 51 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph; it is a page of a typed document. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output the text found in the document:

```
Incident: 227 

luminous arcs of great circles diverging from the radiant point and passing
downward to intersect the horizon under angles always large and for the
most part approaching 90° in value. In several cases the radiant point of the
bright green fireball seen from near Starvation Peak was very nearly, if
not exactly, parallel to the horizon. This green fireball certainly did not 
emanate from the Geminid radiant. 

Subject to discovery that a new (non-Geminid) meteoric radiant emitting 
numerous very bright fireballs of a vivid green color (deeper and richer
than the green or the beacon at the Municipal Airport south of Santa 
Fe, New Mexico) has suddenly become active during the first half of December, 
I am now convinced the various "green Fire" incidents reported to the O.S. 
are not meteoric in nature. See Incidents: 225, 226, 223, 224, 230

Significant Differences Between the Fireballs Observed in the Interval 
December 11 and Typical Meteors: 

a. The horizontal nature of the paths of most of the December fireballs
is most unusual. Genuine meteors are rarely observed to move in horizontal 
paths.

b. The very low height of the December fireball discussed in Section 
2 above sets it off in sharp contrast from the genuine meteors for which 
heights of the order of 40 or more miles are normally observed. 

c. The velocity determined for the fireball of December 12 is much 
less than the velocities determined from typical meteors (and yet is con-
siderably greater than the speeds of the V-2 Rockets or jet planes or 
conventional flares).

d. In the case of meteorites that penetrate to as low levels as that
determined for the fireball of December 12, the observed luminous phenomena
are always accompanied by very violent noises. No noises whatever have been 
observed in connection with the various December fireballs so far investigated. 

e. Genuine meteors normally show remarkable variation in brightness
beginning as fine thin hair lines, which are scarcely visible to the observers 
and then brightening up to flash out near the end of their paths. In the 
case of the December fireballs, most of the observers have reported that 
sine green balls appeared almost instantly at their full brightness.

f. In the case of genuine meteors the paths are directed toward all 
points of the compass with equal frequency. On the contrary in the case 
of the green fireballs, plots of admissible approach sections show that there 
is a very pronounced tendency for the paths to come in from the north half 
of the sky.

g. The large groups of anomalous green luminous phenomena show 
a curious association with well known meteor showers, although none 
```

The text on the second page of the document is cut off at the bottom, thus the content of the last sentence is incomplete.

- page 52 -

The image provided is a scanned page from a document, but it does not contain any photographs. 

Here is the text as an OCR output would produce:

Incident: 227
such as meteor showers normally produce extremely bright green fireballs
of this type so recently observed. For example, the observation mentioned by
Mr Manley (Incident 231) occurred near the maximum of the Quadrantid shower
of early January. Similarly, the observation of August was near the time
of the Perseid shower (Incident 230) and the December observations (223, 223a
224, 226, 227, all fell in the interval covered by the Gemini shower.
This relationship might indicate an attempt to render the green fireballs less
conspicuous by causing them to appear only when there is considerable meteoric
activity.

h. As noted in an earlier communication the remarkably vivid green
color reported for most of the December fireballs is rarely observed in the
case of genuine meteors. By laboratory test, this peculiar color seems to be
identical with that given off by copper salts in the bivouac flame. If this
identification is correct, the wavelength of the radiation from the green
fireballs is near λ = 5218 A.

i. The duration estimates of between 2 and 3 seconds reported for the
green fireballs are considerably longer than those (0.1 to 0.5 seconds) for
the ordinary visual meteors, but shorter than the duration estimates invari-
ably reported in the case of a genuine meteorite fall (5 to 30 seconds or
longer).

j. None of the green fireballs seem to have a train of sparks or a
dust cloud following. This contrasts sharply with the behavior noted in
case of meteorite fireballs - particularly those that penetrate to the very
low levels where the green fireball of December 12 was observed.

NOTE: Inquiry at Holloman AF Base, Almazgordo, N.M., revealed that
research work at night and on Sundays does not involve the use of
any lighting device or flares such as described in the various
reports submitted.

[Text that is struck through]
(SEE INCIDENT[     ]PARA[     ])
[Text that is struck through]

3

- page 53 -

There are no photographs present on this page. The page contains textual information. Here is the text output as an OCR system would produce:

```
JR-DECO-PF-r New Active Air&

ACTION: Info for 17th Dist OSI, KAFB, 4º CO, KAFB, dtd 11 Jan 49, Subj:
Unknown (Aerial Phenomena).

1st Ind 
HEADQUARTERS, Kirtland Air Force Base, Kirtland Field, N. Mex., 14 Jan 49
TO : Commanding General, AMC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio

Forwarded for your information in connection with the reports of
investigation forwarded from this Headquarters on 21 December 1948 by 
1st Ind to letter same subject as above.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

1 Incl: 2/a (1 coy w/da)

OLIVER M. HOLLAND
Captain, USAF
Asst't Adjutant

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
``` 

Note: The document appears weathered, and some parts of the text are slightly smudged or unclear due to the quality of the scan. The overall meaning is unclear without the context that would be provided by the full document.

- page 54 -

There are no photographs present in the provided image.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
COPY
UNCLASSIFIED
ENCLOSURE #3

TO: Captain J. P. Shea
FROM: Inspector
SUBJECT: Observations

1. This report is being made in writing at the request of

It will be divided into three parts: 1. Observations,
2. Recommendations, 3. A map indicating the point of my observations.
The third part of this report will not be submitted now, but will be
given later when a map is available to make this map accurate.

Inspectors ______ and myself, being on patrol for
the Reconnaissance Section A3335, arrived at Point Eagla 2050, December
20, 1948. We had driven up the road as far as it extended and was safe
under the circumstances and were sitting in the jeep with it headed
in the general direction of the road at this point. The direction in
which we were headed as well as all directions in this report will be
referred to with some degree of accuracy from the map which will be
submitted later to make this report complete.

As I was sitting in the jeep I observed a falling light in
the sky at approximately 2054. At first it appeared to be a white light
moving at about 45 degree cutch. As it continued to descent at [sic] angle
of sink rate was decreasing to the earth, it seem sinking to be an angle
until it went out of my vision at about a twenty degree angle behind
Point Eagla. I called the attention of Inspector ______ to this falling
light and he too observed it and has also been requested to make a report
on his observations. I continued to observe this phenomenon.
According to my first observations it appeared to be a white light,
clear and unbroken, falling very visibly through the night. However,
as I observed this light more closely it changed in appearance. It seemed
now to be broken instead of a clear stream. Its color was goldy [sic] and also
its nose seemed to have a red color, its back portion there changed.
Its stream of light left seemed [sic] however to be white. Its form seemed
to grow more concrete and seemed to be something besides just a white,
unbroken moving light. It seemed to have a Flat base, leaving a broken
red trail on each side. There it had appeared at a great height it was
now near the earth. Where its angle of glide had been 15 degrees, it
now appeared to have an angle of twenty degrees glide, and reminded me
very much of an airplane in flight. It seemed to fly through the air
object normally and not to fall straight to the earth as an uncontrolled
object controlled would. It was moving very very swiftly. It finally
disappeared behind Point Eagla.

The Headquarters was notified of our observations
and the angle movements. Upon this report I called ______ of the
laleer [sic] to 1-22 Headquarters and returned to Station 20 to make the
call, Found there ______ of the Armed Forces Physical Security
who had also observed the same things we did from a different point.
He observed there also. We made a report to them as well as
to you. We returned to Headquarters to find a suitable map to make
this report.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 55 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a document, and I will provide an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text on the document:

---

-2-

our observations more accurate from a descriptive point and to make a
written report of our observations.

   These are my recommendations. It is my understanding and
has been my observation that this light is of concern to the
Security Service. Attempts have been made to observe it more closely.
As a meas of observing this more closely, of finding out what it is,
and what happens to it, I would suggest that attempts be made to
observe it from the air and from the land. To observe it from the
would suggest these means. These suggestions are made with the
impressions that this thing has been observed before about the same times
and probably can be observed again. First the Air Forces of this
Department of Defense have excellent Photographic Planes. These are
fast and make good photographs. These could operate safely at night.
This thing if of any importance to the defense of our country would
necessitate no small means or daction but should entail all our
resources for its proper observation and understanding. Also
the Air Forces have small observing planes that might be used. The
Civil Air Patrol might be used. Certainly some attempts should be used
to observe and find out about this thing from the air. It appears in
the air. It disappears in the air. It might damage some of our Atomic
Installations eventually if it is not a natural thing and ran controlled.
Also attempts should be made by our own personnel to observe this thing.
Patrol 1/50 of the Booninance Service might be put on this Point Eagle
about the expected time of appearance each night. It might even be
important enough to place other patrols at points of observations
until this thing is understood and known about. Also in future attempts
to observe this thing radio silence should be observed under all conditions
by participating personnel until the thing is sighted. However, it
might be better if nothing is said over the radio in the future about it.
Radio conversation, if this thing is man controlled, may give a clue
to those controlling it that attempts are being made to observe it,
and may make difficult a discovery or an understanding of its nature.
The use of radar may also aid in its discovery.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

---

- page 56 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a text document. Below is the text transcribed from the document:

COPY
UNIDENTIFIED 
ENCLOSURE #4

OFFICE MEMORANDUM                                         UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

Date:  20 December 1948

TO:       Captain Shea

FROM:  Inspector [REDACTED]

SUBJECT: Object seen on I05 Patrol

From 2050 to 2100 this date Inspector [REDACTED] and myself were at Pt. Eagle in the regular performance of the I05 patrol.

At 2058 we saw the object described below making a path thru the sky. The direction of travel was from West to East, possibly a trifle Southerly. The object was travelling in an almost flat trajectory and its decline formed an angle with the horizon of approximately twenty degrees. The angle of elevation from our point of observation was approximately thirty degrees. The object was moving at a very fast rate of speed and disappeared behind the mountains directly to the northeast of Pt. Eagle. Total time of visibility was about one and one-half seconds.

Description:

An intense blue-white light about the size of a basketball. As the object traversed the sky, there was a faint trail of lights behind it, and two objects the size of a baseball separated from the main body. These objects were of the same color and intensity as the main body, and trailed behind it directly in its path at even intervals of distance equal to approximately three times the diameter of the main body. The size of the main body was approximately one quarter the size of the moon.

/s/ [REDACTED]
Security Inspector

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

[STAMP] Declassified
IAW EO 11652, s 5D1
Mandatory Review
Request

2579

- page 57 -

The image in question does not contain any photographs; it is a scanned page of a document from Project Blue Book, a series of systematic studies of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force.

As requested, here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
INCLOSURE #5
B. O. Wells, Director of Security December 30, 1948

TIME: 2053
DATE: December 20, 1948
DIRECTION: Approximately southwest to northeast
SPEED: Slower than a meteorite (approximately 1500 m.p.h.)
COLOR: White, with a pale greenish tail
ALTITUDE: Questionable
POINT OF OBSERVATION: Route 4 - north of Bandelier cut-off
OBSERVER:

STATEMENT OF OBSERVER:

At approximately 2053, December 20, 1948, while driving over State
Route #4 toward the South Gate (Station 390), I observed what 
appeared to be, at first glance, a meteorite traveling from left 
to right, i.e., at right angles to the direction I was moving. The 
object stopped almost the size of a tennis ball and was covered 
by a glaring white, similar to the color of whitehot steel in a 
steeling furnace. The ball had a small, conical shaped tail that 
appeared to be pale greenish in color, and this tail was not as 
clearly defined as the ball itself, seeming to be of a gaseous 
nature.

The object appeared to be travelling on a controlled, level course 
and was visible approximately a second and a half, disappearing 
from view behind the trees that bordered the road. It is made 
a sharp right turn on the road, the object was again visible for 
approximately a second, and this time it was considerably farther 
away. However, during this short second period I observed a small 
light to the right of the object, which appeared to be travelling 
with it. This smaller light was similar in appearance to a 
running light on an airplane, and it seemed to be reddish in color.
The object and accompanying light disappeared from view behind the 
tops of more trees, and I was unable to catch another glimpse of it.

Inasmuch as this event occurred at night, and due to the terrain I 
was travelling over, it is difficult to state the exact direction 
or mean the object was travelling. In addition, due to the source 
light intensity around me, as well as carrying no idea as to the size 
of the object itself, it is equally difficult to judge the altitude 
of the object.

UNCLASSIFIED     237
DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS; NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 52001D
```

- page 58 -

The image you've provided is of a document page containing text. There are two circular marks at the top of the document, which appear to be stamps or marks, but they are not photographs. Here is the extracted text:

COPY
UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO
Albuquerque

Institute of Meteoritics
December 30, 1948

To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees, Commanding Officer
District No. 17
Office of Special Investigations

From: Lincoln LaPaz, Director
Institute of Meteoritics

Subject: Anomalous luminous phenomenon (Third Report)

In the second report of this series, a description was given of the path path
through the atmosphere of the green fireball of 1948, December 12, 17^8 MST
(plus or minus 30"). On the basis of considerable observations made from one
station near Sandia Peak, New Mexico, and a determination made at Los Alamos,
New Mexico, this fireball was found to have crossed over a point with the
coordinates: latitude 35° 30' N., longitude 106° 30' W., and to have disappeared
at a point with latitude coordinates: latitude 35° 30' N., longitude 106° 30' W.,
traversing an almost horizontal path at an elevation of about 10 miles above
sea level, with a length of about 25 miles, at a velocity of approximately
10 miles per second. (The minimum range becomes consistent with the observations
alluded to above that made subsequently indirectly by [Name redacted] which
3 and 6 miles per second, depending on the disputed sub[ject].

On the basis of corresponding observations of the meteor-whitish to fireball
of 1948, December 20, 5h 52m MST one may make out Los Alamos observa[words obscured]
as has now been possible to the not only approximate total path. As will
be apparent from the original accounts of the Los Alamos mete[words obscured by AMS
Inspections] Skerry Inspector [Name redacted] of [date obscured] December 20 was
observed under less favorable conditions they, reason recall can by five
persons on the night of December 20. 

Because of the absence of more exact data, at times some of the certain-
details on the phenomena observed during the period by many [names redacted]
including on December 20 and 27 cannot be ascertained. At the Mayton (name
and the in Los..] and these timate estimating of range oval estimation......
350 high 1.20s MST of the of distance same my on 30 sec) 350 MST (25ft. x 
and [phrases redacted], it has been possible to arrive at reasonable distances from the
earth certain on the practical certain the including size of phenomena.

Despite this was more critical 

May 20 W98 0530 and, it is my official

In further 20 observations described as cases the red that deviated from the
from the December 12 observations.
UNCLASSIFIED [Serial number redacted]

- page 59 -

There is no photograph present in this image.

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIEE
Lt. Col. Doyle Rees
-2- December 30, 1948

It is found that the fireball doubly observed by Messrs.V and M, at ----, and ---- appeared at a height of at least 10 miles and descended at an angle of about 45º to the vertical (90º being to horizontal) and disappeared at a point C at an elevation of only 23½ miles above the horizontal plane through the point C from which it leveled off and dived (C to its point of disappearance, E), the fireball followed a nearly horizontal path approximately 7.5 miles long moving with a velocity of between 3.75 and 7.5 miles per second, depending on the duration estimate adopted. The coordinates of the projection of C on the earth are 35º 55' N, 106º 30' W, and those of the projection of E are 35º 51' N, 106º 23' W. The forward extension of this fireball's path on the earth, if dotscribed by the above parabolic passage would bring it to the vicinity of the town of Los Alamos.

It should be noted that the ascending branch of the path of the fireball was observed by Inspector ---- at ----, but was considerably curved, the maximum elevation of this portion of its path was estimated. It should also be noted th and no sound was heard, although the distance from the observers to the fireball and E from the fragment to the observers should have been only a few miles at most. I have no hesitation in believing that an object possessing the real path and the other peculiar characteristics of by --------, and ----
was not a falling meteorite.

DOWNLOADED AT 3 TIER INTRAIAIS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
2001 DID 20010417

END OF MESSAGE

- page 60 -

The image does not contain a photograph; it appears to be a scanned page from a document with mostly text. There are markings or redactions present on the page which look like blacked-out lines, but no actual photographs.

Below is the text from the document:

---

Incident #243 -- Los Alamos, New Mexico -- 28 December 1948

The object described here seems to belong to the mysterious family of "New Mexico green flashes." See report on Incident #223 for detailed discussion.

It can be said, however, that it this is regarded as an isolated incident, the description is not very different from that of a fireball. It is the occurrence of these incidents in a seemingly definite pattern that argues very strongly against the meteoric hypothesis.

---

- page 61 -

There are no photographs present on this document page.

Here is the text content of the document:

COPY
UNCLASSIFIED
ENCLOSURE #7

OFFICE MEMORANDUM                                          UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

TO:  Lt. S. D. Hightower                                        Date:  12/23/48

FROM:  Insp. ___________

SUBJECT:  Unknown Object

At approximately 0431, this date, while looking east from Station 108
towards Station 101 I noticed high in the sky what appeared to be a falling
star, white in color, descending in a vertical path. My attention remained
with the object when I noticed the rate of descent seemed to be slower than
that of a falling star. After watching it lose altitude for several seconds,
I saw it suddenly disappear with a greenish-tinged flash which momentarily
illuminated a small cloud between the object and myself.

The object may also have been traveling east or west to some extent
since I could not estimate that angle; however the object descended in a
perfectly straight line with reference to North and South. At the time of the
flash the object was a good distance east of Station 101 and at an estimated
altitude of six thousand feet.

/3/

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

JDH

c/o Capt. R. L. Dowd, Duty Officer UNCLASSIFIED

- page 62 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Below is a transcription of the text shown in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

civilian, Plummer Night Jr., was interviewed by A N N R T T W, Field 
Investigator. He related that he and one Tyrone Timms, civilian, were on 
the easterly end of Sandia Field, Albuquerque, New Mexico. They heard an 
aircraft at 2315 hours, 5 December 1948, but saw no aircraft until 2320 hours. 
Nine M-25's, in a C-47 type airplane at an altitude of 9,000 feet, with a 
compass heading of 272 degrees, on a 5? descent, and traveling at a slightly 
faster speed than normal, saw a bright object which did not reflect any light 
from their aircraft, and in the midst of the Montanas has acted as a change 
course with a sharp approach and with a violent flash, at 400 feet from the 
planes when which was described as being disc-shaped, cream colored. This 
object at first appeared to be soundless but when within approximately, a 
thousand feet distance from the observers it emitted a shrill whistle type hum. 
The aircraft observers succeeded in turning their craft around, the object 
then suddenly soared and its maneuver outmaneuvered the experienced pilot, 
it then for only a few seconds zoomed to 10000 feet and could not be sighted or 
tracked by the observers. Both VAN LLOYD and SMITH were of the opinion 
than it would have been impossible for anyone in the passenger compartment 
to have observed this phenomenon. Mr. GEYER stated that as far as he 
could observe this object and added that to the best of his knowledge all 
of the passengers were asleep.

NOTE: It is to be noted that there is a discrepancy in the color of the 
UFO observed that was reported from the cited interview.

5. On 9 December 1948, Colonel WILLIAM E. BATES, Infstaffr, 
Civilian Components Affairs Officer, HQ Fourth Military District, was 
interviewed in his office, by Carl Harges, 4125th AAF Base Unit, 
Kirtland field, in New Mexico. This interview was conducted by 1st Lt
J.V. BAAL, Inf., AGf Corps, and the result was, Colonel Bates had 
seen the phenomenon himself a year and half before on July 1947. 
He states he had just relieved the previous sentry of Tinninin Inn, 
(over)
sandia base park itself. This occurred in the early hours of Thanksgiving 
evening. The phenomenon appeared to be approximately 7000 or 8000 feet 
feet above the ground when at first observed and descended slowly and 
finally hit a lower than suggested speed, the altitude, the object, then acted
totally like a typical and a man-made aircraft only it is silver, flat and more 
than mile long. Upon reaching a point exactly two hundred feet above 
the surface of the terrain, the object stopped to an episode although no 
marks were apparent Colonel BATES jumped onto his automobile and went to 
pursue the object, at the same time considering an identification, this 
was said to his taking place in the area when aircraft activity, was still 
not yet permitted, at this time the phenomenon assumed a fiery red, 
color and descended low and with little warning spark by bolic of extinguished 
before touching the ground, Colonel BATES stated that he was on this 
job 22 years the army and 10 years and never had witnessed anything 
that he admits was planted by a hoax. Colonel BATES did not express the 
cause or investigate further.

Colonel BATES advised that on or about 3:37 on 5 November 1948, 
at again on 23 November 1948, he observed similar phenomena as date
cited previously. These observations were in the same vicinity of the 
original phenomenon in January 1946, maps attach, in New Mexico. All three of these incidents occurred as approximately 2200 hours. Col. BATES

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 63 -

The image provided is a black and white scan of an old document. There are no photographs present in the image.

Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

[REDACTED BOXES WITH TEXT]

CONFIDENTIAL SOURCE
(Project Sign___2402)
(This report is supplementary to previous ATIC report__on the same
case dated 5 January 1949.)

1. The object is listed as either unidentified aircraft, under
"....ntelligence IO 7 December 1948. 

2. 1205Z, 20 Dec 48 - A Lov.... AFB is making _ check by
long distance call to the __ office. Aircraft left for southwest
California _ somewhere.

[...]
ATI _LO_, 2____Z, 20 Dec 48, teletype - Descending vertical [?]
aircraft at _ _ 50 mph. Cha___ed by fighter plane. Light
intervals every four sec. Alt____ Classified security info.

Aircraft at ____ 20 Dec 48, time could not observe. That aircraft
altitude range of 10 - __ mph covers area. ____ could not see it but
radarman saw it and lost it but ____ more ___ of ___ ____ ____ ___ operators 
estation and ___ radar, with ___ result is ___ something definitely solid in
air ____ the check and analysis made by two ___ ____ nding experts.

3. Reported White S__s, 6 Jan 49, 1720Z _____ - Definitely indicated

aircraft __ ___ in the White Sands area. __ __ clock an object thought
__ ___ __ keel over as to go ___ tumble. __ sound __ ___ ___ all. No excuse 
___ ___ ___ __ __ ___ that definite representation at systematic observations.

2 Dec __t__Z, 1020Z, __ ____ledge at th__ ___ ___ _____ Instrument,
that all __ ____ who have made ___ reported ___ ___ ___ to similar [?]
condit___, indicates __ definite __ ______ Established ____ in the air ____ 
the ____ a loop, ____ with the exception of ___ ___ has flown __ ___ in
formation ____ very close to __ __ ___ it will be necessary __ secure ____ ____ 
to each other ____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____ remaining ____ ____ ____ ____ ____ and ____ 
____ ____ __ ____.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS; NOT AUTOMATICALLY
DECLASSIFIED. DOC THE SEC REVIEW PRIOR TO RELEASE

UNCLASSIFIED

[Black bar with white text, likely file or reference number]
```

The text has been redacted in places, and there are illegible parts due to the poor quality of the scan, which makes some words and phrases incomplete or unreadable.

- page 64 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
(ATC Opinion)
Encl: Ltr fr 17th Dist OSI, KAFB, to CO, KAFB, dtd 11 Jan 49, Subj:
Unknown (Aerial Phenomena).

1st Ind
HQ FOURTH AIR FORCE, Hamilton Air Force Base, Hamilton Field., Calif., 11 Jan 49
TO : Commanding General, AFW, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio.

Forwarded for your information in connection with the reports of
investigation forwarded from this Headquarters on 11 December 1948 by
1st ind to letter same subject as above.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

1 Incl:
n/a (1 oy w/d)

OLIVER W. HOLAND
Captain, USAF
Asst’d Adjutant

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that the text capture may not be perfect due to the quality of the source material.

- page 65 -

There are no photographs present in this image. It is a textual document. Below is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

UNCLASSIF
BY DIRECTION OF THE COMMANDING GENERAL USAF
17TH DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
Kirkland AFB, Kirkland Field, New Mexico

DT/nbw
11 January 1949

File No: 24-3

SUBJECT: Unknown, Aerial Phenomena

TO: Commanding Officer
Kirkland Air Force Base
Kirkland Field, N. M.

1. Reference is made to Report of Investigation, this office, dated
13 December 1948; Report of Investigation, this office, dated 17 December
1949; and Report of Investigation, this office dated 23 December 1949,
subject same as above, copies of which have been forwarded your head-
quarters.

2. Attached for your information are four copies of Report of In-
vestigation, this office, dated 1 January 1949, subject same as above.
It is requested that two copies of the inclosed report be forwarded to
Air Material Command Headquarters which has been designated as the head-
quarters responsible for coordination of this investigation.

3. Investigation to date has not produced any positive information
regarding the source or nature of the unidentified aerial phenomena,
additional sightings of which continue to be reported daily. Lincoln LaPaz,
Director of the Institute of Meteoritics, University of New Mexico, is
Planner of the opinion that the reported phenomena are not of meteoritic
origin.

4. This is a supplemental report. Investigation is continuing and
subsequent reports will be forwarded for your review and such action as
you may consider appropriate when the investigation is completed.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS,
USC (blah)

JG:JL:ck
Lt. Col., USAF
District Commander

1 Incl
Rpt. of Invest re Sighting (Quad)

UNCLASSIF
```

- page 66 -

There are no photographs present in the image of the document you provided.

Below is the transcribed text from the document:

```
0022X
UNCLASSIFIED
THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO
Albuquerque
January 6, 1949
Institute of Meteoritics

To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees, Commanding Officer
District No. 17
Office of Special Investigations

From: Lincoln LaPaz, Director
Institute of Meteoritics

Subject: Report of Anomalous Sounds Observed by AECIS personnel at Los Alamos
on 1948, December 30

1. On 1948, January 5, Major C. L. Pailthorp, USAF, and the undersigned
under the guidance of Lt. Earl D. Hedgcock, AECIS, visited three of the four
stations at which anomalous sounds were heard during the night of 1948,
December 30. In this present preliminary report, a summary of the pertinent
facts is given and, on the basis of azimuth and elevation readings taken at
the three stations where sounds were heard simultaneously, an approximate
determination is made of the location of the sound sources in space.

2. At Station 1400 statements were obtained from AECIS Inspectors —————
and ———— According to ———— and ————, at approximately 2010 on
December 30 they both heard what they at first thought was a truck laboring up
the hill near X below their station. ———— then ———— to ———— that they nee-
sarily went to the door to make the customary inspection, only to find that the
roadway was empty. The sound terminated within a second or two after they open-
ed the door and stepped outside. Repetition of their notations and conversation
timed with a stop-watch showed that the sound occurred approximately 7 seconds.
About 10 minutes later, at approximately 2020, the same incident occurred
again, only then it sang from the other way, seeming to move toward
outside both men racing each other from chairs by a stove, a stop-watch
determination for this case gave a duration for the sound of 3.5 seconds.
This second repetition of the unusual sound made a considerable impression
on the inspectors involved and the matter was under discussion during the
half hour that elapsed before a bogey alarm came in over commutations at
approximately 2050. By this time, ———— had left Station 1400 and the third
observation was made by ———— and ————. According to the inspectors,
the noise heard at approximately 2010 was definitely an aerial noise in
contrast to the noises heard after 2010 and 2020. It is their firm opinion
on the basis not altogether articulate stirrings ———— ———— although both
agreed that the sound of a plane motor probably came closest to representing
what they heard. A stopwatch determination indicated a duration on 10-15
seconds for the aerial noise. Because the inspectors felt that they made
mre accurate determinations of position for the second and third incidents
than for the first, azimuth and elevation ro?dings were taken only for the
occurrences at 2020 and 2050. According to ————, the azimuth of the sound
heard at 2020 was ———— and the elevation ————. According to ————,
——— ———— ———— ———— ———— ———— ————. LAST AFTER INTERME-

DATEG AUGUST 1, 1952
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

Please note that parts of the text are redacted with lines, which are represented by "————" in my transcription.

- page 67 -

There are no photographs present in this document. As requested, here is a transcription of the text found in the document:

``` 
-2- January 5, 1949

UNCLASSIFIED

these quantities were 750 340 90 and 430. According to the azimuth to the sound heard at 2050 was 990 430, and the elevation 430 30; according to 430, these quantities were 1010 450 and 450 30.

At Station 590 a statement was obtained from AEBB Inspector 430. also
430 (his companion on the night of December 50). Inspector 430 was not available for interrogation on January 5). According to Inspector 430, none of the sounds observed at Station 450 at 2010, 2050 and 2050 were heard at Station 390, but some 10 to 15 minutes after the boggy warning at 2050, both he and Patton heard what first sounded like the rumbling of heavy wagons on a roadway and what later sounded like a whistling noise made by some airplanes while in flight. The duration of the sound as determined by a stop-watch measurement of main actions in going outside, returning to the communications set, and again going outside, was 45 seconds. However, after reports that he listened to the sound probably for a minute or more after he went outdoors the second time; and according to 430, the azimuth of the sound heard at 2100-2105 was 400 30' and the elevation 450 15'.

At Station 330 statements were obtained from AECB Inspectors 430 and 430
430 on December 30, he heard a noise in the sky which he believed to be the motor noise of a 140 h.p. Cub. The duration of his 2100 hrs observation of this noise was estimated at about 5 minutes; about 2010 he made a second observation of the same noise, the duration this time being only about 2-3 minutes. (So faint was the impression that the observed noise originated in an airplane flying over the prohibited area that a complete blackout was in effect both during the first observation and the second in the hope that actual lights on the planes would be observable. However, no visual contact whatsoever was established with the source of the noise.) At 2050 a third observation of the same noise was made and no correction was possible that an airplane was responsible that on this occasion a boggy warning was transmitted to all stations. It is the understanding of both 430 and 430 that information transmitted by them to headquarters was responsible for issuance of the boggy warning. The duration of the third sound was estimated to have been approximately 2-3 minutes. Inspector 430 confirmed all of the statements made by Inspector 430 as to the qualification. That the first interpretation of the noise heard at 2010 was that it came from a light tank cruising on the high road coming into Station 350 from the north. The incongruity of confusing the noises of the heavier (225 h.p.) motor of a tank and the lighter (75-100 h.p.) motor of a
Camp type plane had been the subject of discussions between Inspectors 430 and 430, and they had resolved the issue by noting that even the light motor of a Cub would be laboring heavily in the high altitude carrying the bomb load. December 10 is believed to have taken place. According to Inspector 430, the azimuth of the sound heard at 2010 was 230 20'
and the elevation 230 15'; at 2050 a azimuth of the sound heard at 2050 was 330 30' and the elevation 220 50', and no azimuth or elevation was 2050 was 330 40' and the elevation 220 50'. Since Inspectors 430 and 330 performance in this type of strain, it is believed that 430 unusually keen 430 discrimination. Since it would not have been feasible to 430 bomb by 430, 430 would be deployed under 430 The sound 430 430 430 430 430 430 430 430 430 430 430 430 430 430 430 430 430 430 ALLOWED DATA GAP

```
Please note that parts of the text have been redacted, as indicated by the black redaction marks, and I have transcribed the visible content accordingly.

- page 68 -

The image presented does not contain any photograph. It is a text-only document. Below is the text extracted from the image as requested:

---

Lt. Col. Doyle Rees

UNCLASSIFIED
January 6, 1949

5. In addition to the men personally interviewed at Stations 340, 350, and 
360, a telephone conversation was held with in response to , who 
had also heard the sonorous noises at Station 350. According to , the 
first heard the noise (identified as the airplane motor of a Cub) at approxi-
mately 2010, at which time the noise to him seemed to be almost directly over-
head at Station 350. The plane (noise) seemed to orbit this position for 
approximately 2 minutes, and then the plane (noise) slowly receded toward the 
northeast and continued to orbit at very low elevation in this direction for 
approximately another 33 minutes.

6. On the basis of all the interviews held, the following summarizing 
statements can be made;

6.1. Each man interrogated was asked if any other time during 
his experience he had heard such noises as were heard on the night of 
December 30. Without exception, all answers to this question were in the 
negative.

6.2. Although six of the seven observers interposed, in one way 
or another, associated the actual sounds with airplane noises, under 
questioning each man admitted that in certain respects the noises heard 
were unlike any plane noises he had ever heard. It was quite apparent that 
the men were attempting to describe very unusual sounds in terms of those 
familiar noises with which, as former Air Force flyers, they were best 
acquainted.

6.3. Since Weather Bureau reports indicate that the under surface of 
the overcast blanketing the Los Alamos area was at an elevation of appro-
ximately 13,000 feet, the identification of the noises observed with motor 
noises of a Cub type plane is obviously impossible. This improbability 
had already occurred to all of the men interviewed, all though they had 
estimated the under surface of the overcast to lie at a height of not more 
than 10,000 - 12,000 feet.

6.4. The existence of the overcast at once suggests the possibility 
that the noises observed were really surface noises originating in the 
operation of heavy machinery and reflected from the overlying cloud layer 
in such fashion as to similitude sounds of aerial origin. It is this and other 
evidence that this possibility has been exhaustively investigated and is 
definitely ruled out. No heavy machines and none of the tanks stationed 
in the Los Alamos area were in operation during the interval when the 
noises were heard.

6.5. Another possibility which occurred to nearly everyone who heard 
the noises was that instead of originating in a low-flying Cub type plane,
the sounds had their origin in heavier motor-ed planes flying across the 
overcast, and presumably lost. This hypothesis is regarded as inacceptable 
for several reasons. In the first place, all 3937314 in that vicinity 
to patrol than very plane of its own, there was virtually certain "Padding 
the Los Alamos area. In the second place, no radio distress signals or

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10

--- 

(Note: The text includes some redactions and censor marks where certain words or names have been obscured, denoted here with brackets.)

- page 69 -

The image provided is a scanned document page and does not contain any photograph. I will now act as an OCR system to output the text from the document:

---
Lt. Col. Doyle Rees

UNCLASSIFIED February 5, 1949

other attempts by the crew of this hypothetical lost plane to make a
position known wer observed. And finally, two AACS Operators
(who had no financial o [?] responsibilities) observed slight variations
the night of December 30 reported loud thumps the same sort or anoma-
lous sounds as heard at Station 370 at 0540 on the early morning of
December 31. These sounds were heard for several minutes and were
reported to have receded slowly toward the southeast.

7. If we assume that Stations 540 and 350 observed the same sound
sources at 2010 and 2020, that these sources are found to project into
point lying near the road leading west out of Vaughn, into joint
Station 340. On the basis of the elevation determinations made at Station
350, it is furthermore found that the first source would be about 700 feet
lower in elevation than Station 340 and the second source approximately 1350
feet lower than this station. These differences in elevation would again
seem to suggest that the sound sources may have been situated on or near the
paved highway. However, the very careful observation made by our experienced
transit man, Inspector Aukutt, at Station 350, 2020 approximately 1350 feet
lower than Station 340 should surely make us entirely incompatible with
car than station 350. Actually, hes heard a DC3 airplane. In this
his sound source was at an elevation of not more than 11,000 feet above the
horizontal plane to which Station 350. It might therefore, vary seem approxi-
mately 10,000 feet above not below, Station 340. This incompatibility larg-
discrepancy shows that our intial assumption - the inaccepable and there-
fore seems impossible to establish a concordance between observation made
at Stations 340 and 350 PR so it to be a bogey warning, i.e. during the time
when the observers at Station 350 heard the sound only from inside their
observations in a control to hide observers and Station 350, to make their
observations in the open air. The observers at Station 340, on the other
Station 340 to audibly heard a sound emnating from a lighted aircraft
above them, in accordance with the condition imposed on them by observ-
observations, what they heard might well hayve been so distorted by the aetherial
tonalities surrounding them that their perception led to all sorts of noise.
to harshly traffic a rumens and by their mis observation to employ all naga-
tive observations were measured for them at Station 350 on January 5.

8. In sharp contrast to the discordane noted in the observations pre-
ceding the bogey warming at 2010, the open-air observations made at and
immediately following the warning show a quite satisfactory concordance.
In fact, if we assume that all three stations, 340, 350, and 390 were listen-
ing to the same sound source at 2050 and shortly thereafter, then the actual
location the even was several 100's of miles from the actual
observation observed at Station 340 would, 230 degrees, as computed from the angular
and at Station 390 is 10,136 feet. If we pair Station 340 and 350, the
projection of the sound source on the surface of the earth lies approximately
the coordinates 106° 17' 55° 32', while if we pair stations 390 and 350,
the coordinates of the projection of the sound source on the earth differ
from the above by less than one-half minute in longitude and by less than
a minute and a half in latitude. In view of the nature of the noise observed

CLASSIFIED DOWNGRADE AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECONTROL AFTER 12 YEARS

UNCLASSIFIED
---

- page 70 -

There are no photographs present on this page. Here is the text output from the document:

---
Lt. Col. Doyle Rees

UNCLASSIFIED January 5, 1949

and the delay between the time of observation and the time when transit 
measurements were made, it is felt that such a discrepancy in the projections
is not surprising.

9.  Unless some as yet undiscovered surface source of sound, which might 
have produced by reflection from the overcast such apparently aerial noises
as were observed at Stations 340, 350, and 390 is uncovered, the facts set
forth above would seem to prove that on December 30 between the hours of 2000
and 2100 some sound producing source was in motion in or possibly beyond the
overcast above the Los Alamos area. Whether this could have been a conven-
tional airplane or not must be decided by those who have access to experience
and information not at the command of the undersigned.

(signed) LINCOLN LA PAZ
400108

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED
AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10

242
---

- page 71 -

The image contains no photographs, only text and redacted sections with black bars. Below is the text as it appears in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

UNCONVENTIAL AIRCRAFT
(NEAR KIRTLAND AFB-ALBUQUERQUE)

(Unconventional aircraft reported in a supplement to report titled "Experimental Activity, date 3 January 1949.)

1. Personnel of this office, in checking on incident of unidentified aircraft appearing southwest of zone B at 1248 hours on 7 DEC 48 noted that:

a. At 1236 CST, 7 Dec 48, a MWO, Kirtland Field, noted a strange flying object heading SE. This object seen for approximately 2 or 3 minutes by MWO and others in tower. No photograph made.

b. This object was odd in shape, (estimated 20' from tip to tip), no sound or exhaust fumes from it. Disappeared in a cloudless sky. Rate of climb and speed unknown.

c. Safety of this aircraft definitely determined as not being a Navy drone (report attached). Checking with CAA and AF bases as well as aeronautical schools revealed none knew of the object--that it was anomalous in aeronautical characteristics.

d. Another flying object flying 1700 hours, 7 Dec, sighted and chased by a pilot near same place. His description of object and actions parallel those of the MWO, above. See TWX that follows. No details available from very wild claims appearing in newspaper misapprehensions.

2. Gen. TAYLOR, conclusively, at this time directed, on account of need for security, that all engineers who have sighted this flying unknown to be given a re-direct their complaint into this office. It will be his decision as to use of this information after considering the possibility of the necessity to check the stability of their mental health and other pertinent data concerning the character of informant himself.

DETERMINED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS. NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED ON BASIS UNCLASSIFIED

D/I, CSO COM 33 LAH C/L; RDL 2110 cst 6.1 p.m.

[There are sections redacted with black bars in the document]

- page 72 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a textual document. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

```
COPY

UNCLASSIFIED

THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO
Albuquerque

January 5, 1949

Institute of Meteoritics

To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees, Commanding Officer
District No. 17
Office of Special Investigations

From: Lincoln LaPaz, Director
Institute of Meteoritics

Subject: Report of Anomalous Sounds Observed by AFSB personnel at Los Alamos
on 1948, December 30

1. On 1949, January 5, Major E. L. Phillips, USAF, and the undersigned
under the guidance of Lt. Earl R. Rigthower, AUSA, visited three of the four
stations at which anomalous sounds were heard during the night of 1948,
December 30. In the prints preliminary report, a similar one of Sergeant
Booth is given and, on the basis of azimuth and elevation readings between the
three stations where sounds were heard simultaneously, an approximate
determination is made of the location of the sound sources in space.

2. At Station 340 statements were obtained from AFSB Inspectors *******
and ****** according to ****** told ****** that is was approximately 2010 on
the night of 1948 when he told "Boy First Class" to take their airforce car
and went to the door to make the customary inspection, only to find that the
roadway was empty. The sound terminated within a second of two after they opened
the door and stepped outside. Repetition of their motions and seven seconds
timed with a stopwatch show that the sound endured approximately 7 seconds.
About 10 minutes later, at approximately 2020, this same incident occurred
again, both men raising from their chairs, opening the door, and stepping
outside only to discover that the roadway was again empty. A stop-watch
determination for this case gave a duration for the sound of 5.5 seconds.
The second repetition of the unusual sound gave a considerably longer duration
on the inspectors involved and the matter was under discussion during the
half hour that elapsed before a bogey alarm came in over communications at
approximately 2050. By this time, ****** and ****** station 340 and the third
observation was made by ****** and ******. According to these inspectors,
the noise lasted approximately 2010 - 2020 ****** a small milling in
this respect to ****** has at 2010 and 2020, neither man was willing to
identify the noise as characteristically engine airplane, while both
suggested that this sound or plane motor probably came closest to representing
what they heard. A stopwatch determination indicated a duration of 10-15
seconds for the aerial noise. Persons to Inspectors felt that they made
noise assuring determinations or scaling the sound and find clear to them
****** in which and of anomalous color, where turn blue and for which
the azimuth, and ****** and therefore no true bearings, examined
direction at 2020 was 310 37' and had elevation +30 50', according to...

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERV.
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

```

Please note that the text has redactions represented by a series of asterisks (e.g., *******), indicating the removal of certain details.

- page 73 -

The image provided is a scanned document page and it does not contain photographs.

Here is the OCR output of the text present in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

advised that as far as he knew no interviews were being held by the
FBI, OSI, Office of the Surgeon General, or any other office.

9. Colonel RATCH did not know any of these incidents, but when the
existing information of similar occurrences having been observed, did
to furnish the information contained in this report.

9 December 1948, Dr. LINCOLN La PAZ, Director, Institute
of Meteoritical Study, University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, N. Mex., was
interviewed in his office by Special Agent JAMES M. SLAY, F.B.I. Dr. La PAZ
provided his estimate which indicated that object that landed Noviok on
23 was technical Director, Operations Analysts Section, Hq. 4th Air F.
Force, and is duly recognized as an official authority in the A.F. in
Meteoristics. Everyone referred to pattern on Geophysics and Astronomy,
he was available at the time. Conferenced with Officers, U. O. Cox on the
in in the capacity of same at secret's 1987-1947, on estimates by
the Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson AFB Force Basis, Oh.

8. The La Paz analyzed the behavior of the records and stated
that these aerodynamic bodies have not yet been explained. He is
considered as active. He advised, in view of the unexplained Aerodynamics
incident, that the conference on that subject, which is classified, be
to classify meteoritic salt in Arizona, that has not been localized, that
the present phenomenon could be investigated and an attempt be made to
identify them.

9. On 13 December 1948, Dr. La Paz gave a statement concerning
an incident, which he had recorded on 9/03 p.m. on 12 December 1948. Dr.
La Paz's statement is included as Tab D, Inc.

10. On 11 December 1948, Major WILLIAM P. GODSOE, 4th Army Liaison
Intelligence Officer, Sandia Base, Hq 4th Army, advised S/A A.C. Irving,
that there were no measures in this area, and no experiments involving
the use of rockets or flares.

11. On 12 December 1948, Col. HAROLD G. CUM, Base Coordinator,
Kirtland Air Force Base, Kirtland Field, New Mexico, was interviewed and
Col. W --kins, Jr., we --ontacted at the home of Col -stice's
supervisor, and feels that in the event that there were, he would be so
advisable.

AT CHANDLER, ARIZONA

12. On 7 December 1948, S/A HERMAN E. TUNNY, reported from
Williams Airforce Base, Chandler, A, Arizona, that A/F PT-80-17, number
AD-9921, was piloted by Ca[--]E. (--], 55983. The copilot was
interviewed by Mr. Major H. M. CARTER, AL--]7557, and the Flight Instructor
was Hq Sq. 3c C. HANSH, AC2--]175 (somewhere in this category). All of
them were removed, was reported to be approximately stationed at Randolph
AFB, Teyne Base, San Antonio, Texas, and were enroute to Amy San Antonio,

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 74 -

No photograph is present in the image provided.

To: Lt. Col. Doyle Rees
                                                            -2-                                               January 5, 1949

UNCLASSIFIED
these quantities were 390 40' and -90. According to Figeroa, the azimuth of
the sound heard at 2050 was 390 40' and the elevation 490 30'; according to
******, these quantities were 1010 45' and 1140 30'.

3. At Station 390 a statement was obtained from Army Inspector ******, also
heard the continuous sounds, but Inspector ****** was not available for inter-
rogation on January 5). According to Inspector ******  none of the sounds ob-
served at station 540 as 2010, 2020, and 2050 were heard at Station 390, but
some 10 to 15 minutes after the hoovering act at 2050, both he and ****** heard what first sounded like the straining noise of heavy engines on a roadway and
which later sounded like a whistle rising rapidly to great sharpness and very loud in
flight. The duration of the sounds as determined by stop-watch measurement
of aircraft acting in or in association, according to the continuous burst,
and irregular gusting, was 45-63 rpm. Furthermore, ****** reported that he
was lead to the sounds probably for a minute or more after he went outdoors
the second time. According the places, the azimuth of the sound heard at 2100-
2105 was 420 00' and the elevation 450 15'.

4. At Station 530 statements were obtained from four inspectors, all approxi-
mately 240 feet apart in a North-South line pointing directly at ******. 
no real or necessary tie to the incident was present, which he believed
by the noise heard at 140 ft. out. The duration of his first observation
of the motor noise if it really was a noise at this time-being only about 2-3 seconds
in length. (So definite was the impression the observed noises originated
in an airplane flying over the field that ***** to complete blackout was
executed both during the first observation, and the second in the hope that
the lights on the alleged would be observable. However, no visual contact
whatever was established with the source of the noise.) At approximately
2045 a third observation of the same noises was made and according to the
impression that an airplane was going into a nose dive as he was
warning was transmitted to all stations. It is by understanding or both
****** and ****** that the information stated to the inspector's was
responsible for issuance of the bogey warning. The duration of the third
sound was estimated to have been approximately 2-3 minutes. Inspector ****** confirmed all of the statements made by Inspector ****** with this qualification: that ****** first interpretation of the noises reported at 2010 was that it came from a jet tank cruising on the high road into Station 530
(225 s.f). The noise grew out or other ... Coming ... the above on
(225 s.f.), more of a bank and the flight (76 l.p.m.-144 l.p.m.) motor or
Club type planes had been the subject of discussion between Inspectors ****** 
****** until they had rejected the flying by intuition, since the
motor Club would be laboring heavily in the high altitude where the
noises on the night of December 20 to be believed to have taken place.
Inspector ****** the azimuth of the sound heard at 2010 was 390 20'
****** the duration of the noises heard on December 30 and January 5
except 390 2' and the elevation 250 30'. Inspector ****** used and
time on the tape of a transit, it being felt that was able to achieve
accurate azimuth determinations. Since it would not have been possible to
have set up the transit in the positions occupied by ****** ****** at the
time he observed the sounds on December 30, no azimuth-elevation reading
****** 

Note: The text contains many redacted or unclear sections marked with ******.

- page 75 -

There are no photographs present in this image. The image is of a document with typed text.

Here is the text output as requested:

---
No. 227. Read report of incident; definitely not a weather balloon. 
Consult also as guide to interpreting incidents 223, 221, 225, and 226.
---

- page 76 -

There is no photograph present in the image you've provided. It is a text document. Here is the text output:

-----
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT Incident No. 227

1. Date and Time of Observation: 12 Dec 1948 Approx 9:00 1m. 30 s
                                            & 9:00 2 m. 30s.
2. Where Sighted: Near Farmal, New Mexico

3. Observer's Position: ground - right front seat of car
(i.e., ground, air, control tower, etc.)

4. Name and Address of Observer: [REDACTED]
                                 University of New Mexico
5. Occupation and/or hobbies: Astronomer

6. Attention Attracted by: indirect vision

7. Number of Object(s) Seen: 1

8. Size of Object(s): Apparent angular diameter 5'

9. Color of Object(s): very bright green

10. Shape (Sketch if Possible) ball

11. Nature of Luminosity: 
(directed beam of light?)

12. Altitude of Object: 3 to 10 miles altitude
(estimated)

13. Estimated Distance of Object from Observer: N/S

14. Speed of Object: Either 3 to 12 miles or 7 to 6 miles per second
                     depending on the duration estimate used
15. Time in Sight: 2.1 to 2.3 seconds

16. Tactics: Observed almost exact horizontal flight until a 1/10th second before
disappearance when a slight arc downwards was noticed.
17. Sound Made by Object(s): none noticed

18. Direction of Flight of Object(s) east to west - very low on the horizon

19. Apparent Construction: "Fireball"

20. Effect on Clouds: N/S

21. Exhaust Trail (Color of): No trail noticed.

22. Manner of Discrepancy: Exploded into four small bright green segments
which quickly disappeared
23. Weather Conditions at Time of Sighting: Clear

24. Peculiarities Noted: See Significant Differences Between the Fireballs
Observed in the Interval 5-13 Dec and Typical Meteors (3777); (3977);
(See attached page)
-----

Please note that the name and address of the observer have been redacted for privacy. The document appears to be a sighting report form from an official investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs), possibly part of Project Blue Book or a similar investigation.

- page 77 -

There is no photograph present in this image. Here is the output of the text found in the document:

```
GLINX N0. 227 A.
1. Date of Observation: 12 Dec 1948     Date of interview ____31 Jan l9___
2. Exact time (local),
3. Place of Observation: Monte Vista, Colorado
4. Position of observer ground
5. What attracted attention to object & -
6. Number of objects 1
7. Apparent size
8. Color of object green
9. Shape fireball
10. Altitude
11. Direction from observer
12. Distance from observer
13. Direction of flight of object(s)
14. Time in sight
15. Speed
16. Sound and for
17. Trail
18. Luminosity
19. Projections
20. Maneuvers
21. Manner of disappearance
22. Effect on clouds
23. Additional information concerning object Object again had the appearance
24. Weather conditions of a bright green falling star
(over)
```

- page 78 -

There is no photograph present in the image.

The text from the document is reproduced below:

Page 2                                                Incident: 227A

Name and address of observer:              Amarillo, Texas

Occupation and hobbies: N/S

Comments of Interviewer relative to intelligence and character of
(observer's) ST: To the interviewing agent ****** appeared above-average
in intelligence. Agent did not believe the sightings
were figments of ****** imagination.

****** is JUI. 347; Mr. ****** who had previously seen fireballs on 12
Sept 1948 (Incident 247), and again on 5 Dec 1948 (Incident 223D) again
witnessed phenomenon on 12 Dec 1948 in the company of a Mr.
of the Luis Vial Cooperative, Monta Vista, Colorado. Fireball was seen in
Sky vicinity of Monte Vista, Colo****** going high in the northeast on a
bright green falling star. ****** described the phenomena to the best of
his ability but was unable to give concrete details regarding size, shape,
location, etc.

- page 79 -

The image provided is a scanned document page with the header "UNCLASSIFIED" and seems to be from "Project Blue Book," concerning UFO reports. There is no visible photograph within this page to describe. The text on the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

(page text, partially visible, starting mid-sentence)
...to explain that he felt he had a very important piece of news but he did not know just how to get the information to the news agencies.

Colonel ------ said that through one of these students, he was put in contact with a number of ex-military personnel who were in the area. He had talked with an ex-captain and he seemed like a very sharp chap.

7. On 9 November 1957, the ------ aircraft mechanic, Technical Sergeant ________, Albuquerque, was called by an ex master sergeant who is stationed in the ADC radar in Galespie, -----. He said he had just seen 10 objects hold their place for about 10 minutes and then fan out, one was left overhead circling, came close to the ground -- then it, too, went away. Tried to check these reports by communications with the proper authorities but they do not seem to be too impressed with the ex-sergeant, as he had made too many reports. But he comes up with six other spectators to substantiate what he says, also.

8. On 11 November 1957, ------ that Colonel _______, also ______ [text lost in copy][...] Technical Sergeant ______ _ San Andinio ____ reported that they had heard and observed what they considered to be an aircraft with no running lights, no distinguishable features, no sound! When this completed its third pass ________ break fast, the five enlisted men, two civilians, and the two named non-commissioned officers in the living quarters had been convinced. All bills payments reenlisted and an investigation was initiated to learn the origin of the object.

9. On 13 November 1957, ______ came to a statement concerning an instance in which he witnessed this thing on 12 December 1956. Dr. ________ MIT's ______, had been for ___ _____ ______ continuing the UFO's stations in _______ in the lab. _______ 1.

10. On 11 December 1957, Major MCKINLEY ______; Headquarters _______, reported that there was ______ _______ which is connected with the ________ and there were training operations in the San Antonie, field on reports involving the use of deep stations.

11. On 12 December 1957, Colonel _______, N____ _________, Wing Commander, Turner Air Force Base, Albany,_______, heard two jets were intercepted over ________ in _________. The object cut in front of the second _______ firing and that's when the aircraft _______ disappeared. The go ______ briefed.

----- ARIZONA
12. On 7 December ______; _______ removed from ___________ _________. This machine eventually ______ ______ ______ _____ China Lake. 0730 hrs, Eastern Standard Time, the tower operator AZ-322, was followed by Captain ______ and ______ complies with instructions to _______. The aircraft was left unidentified. All of its actions appeared somewhat opposite to conventional aircraft. All of this was witnessed in San Antonio, Texas, and was entered in the Bill Malding ________.

DOWNLOADED AT WEIS INSTITUTE
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

Please note the text has been redacted in certain places, indicated by black lines obscuring words and names. This is consistent with the original document's classification status and its subsequent declassification, where sensitive information is redacted to protect privacy or national security.

- page 80 -

The image provided is a text document and contains no photographs. Here is the text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

TOPIC 3 (Continued)

Chief MARVIN O'BRIEN, Chief of Police, Las Vegas, New Mexico, stated
he had never received no prior reports of unusual occurrences of this type.

Patrolman ROLAND LEE, New Mexico State Police, Las Vegas, New Mexico,
stated he had heard a rumor concerning aerial flares in the neighborhood
area of Las Vegas.

Mrs. JOSEPH MARSEMILIA, Office Manager, Las Vegas Flying Service,
Las Vegas, New Mexico, stated no night flying originated from Watson
Airports, Las Vegas, and she had heard no rumors concerning aerial 
flares.

Mr. J. D. HILLER, Chief Aircraft Commander, GAA Municipal Airport,
Las Vegas, New Mexico, stated he had heard of no incidents of this 
nature and, in particular, had received no information from any 
crews on 5 December 1948.

Mr. JOHN J. TRAINOR, Jr. C., TRANCIS, Jr. C. J. SILVA, and Mr. ROY F.
GALLEGOS, Airway's communications, GAA, Las Vegas, New Mexico, all
stated no previous reports on to crew did not transmit aerial phenomena.
These individuals were alerted to report anything incident to the
21my investigators agency.

Mr. ELLIS B. WARNER, Manager Pioneer Air Lines, Las Vegas, New Mexico,
stated he had heard only a rumor from one of his pilots and knew of 
no unusual incidents regarding flares or lights in the Las Vegas area.

Mr. RAMON SAHDAVAL, Jumior, Las Vegas, New Mexico, stated he had no
knowledge of any incidents of this type and will submit any future
reports to Mr. HOOK in Santa Fe.

Lt. JACK D. LAND, Air Force Reserve observed an intense green light in the
sky at approximately 13,500 feet altitude near Las Vegas, New Mexico,
on 3 December 1948. Lieutenant was unable to identify this object and
could not constitute a danger or to, since no other objects was visible
nor which to base the report on.

Col. Wirt, while in colon, stated he has observed an unusual phenomenon
largest than a basketball, on three (3) different occasions in the
vicinity of Vaughn, New Mexico. First observation was made late in
1947, second observation on 3 or 4 November 1947; third observation
on 25 November 1948.

Dr. LINCOLN LA PAZ, Director, Institute of Meterology, University of
New Mexico, stated that phenomena being investigated could to be the 
object observed by him, nor could it be any identified meteor, Dr. LA PAZ

UNCLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 81 -

The image shows a text document, there are no photographs present.

The text in the document reads:

```
Incident: 227

Dr [Blank]'s attention was directed to an area about 15° west of Cygni
when by indirect vision he became aware of a very bright green ball
(apparent angular diameter 5') to the right of the area in his center
field of view which was moving from east to west very low on the horizon.
Shouting "Look" to his companions (Maj [Blank] of the area in [Blank],
Kirtland Fld., Lt Allan Clark, Intel Officer, N. Mex. Wing CAP, and
Inspectors [Blank] and [Blank] from [Blank] (Los Alamos, N. M.),
who then timed duration of fireball which ranged from 2.1 seconds to 2.3 sec.
The path of the green ball was almost exactly horizontal (altitude estimated
as only 3 or 4 degrees) until just a tenth of a second or so before it
disappeared. During the last one or two tenths of a second of its visibility
a slight but definite curvature downwards developed in its path.
From the very beginning the ball was very bright, [Immediate comparison
with Serius [sic] (at a much greater altitude than the green fireball) indicates
that during all but the last one or two tenths of a second of the fireball's
visibility it was at least of apparent magnitude -1 (minus four). Just as
curvature in its path developed, the magnitude of the fireball rose
slightly and it broke up into three or four smaller but still bright green
fragments which disappeared almost instantly. Although Lt [Blank] then stopped
the car the moment the fireball disappeared and the occupants then stood
outside the car and listened for meteoritic detonations or rumblings,
nothing was heard. Two night guards at Los Alamos had also witnessed
the phenomena simultaneously. The green fireball of December 12th,
9 h 27 plus or minus 30s Juse appeared very near a point with the coordinates
latitude 35° 50' longitude 106° 40' and disappeared near a point with
the coordinates latitude 35° 45', longitude 107° 5', traversing a nearly
exactly horizontal path with a length of over nearly twenty-five (25)
miles at an altitude above the surface of the earth of approximately 3
to 10 miles, depending on the estimate of angular altitude employed in the
reduction. The velocity with respect to the earth works out at between
8 to 12 miles a second - depending on the duration estimate used.
It should be observed that the above results are obtained under the
assumption that the points of appearance and disappearance of the fireball
were seen simultaneously by both the Bernal and Los Alamos groups. In
case this assumption is not fulfilled, the real path could very easily be
no more than 10 to 12 miles long, the velocity with respect to the earth
then working out at between 3 and 6 miles a second. While there is thus
considerable uncertainty because of the lack of confirming azimuth observations from a third station, the concordance in the fifty (50) different
estimates of angular elevation make it most unlikely that the linear
height of the fireball was much less than 8 miles and much more than 10
miles. It is interesting to observe that the backward extension of the
en-t1to path fif't:;t given passes almost centrally across the Los Alamos
reservation.

During the entire night of the 12th, meteors of all magnitudes from the
first to the fifth and of various colors (with white and yellow pre-
dominating and with no evidence of green) were occasionally seen emanating
from the [Geminid] radiation, [M 35 Zeroan] was well above the horizon from
ca. the time of the Sandia Peak incident, (alas! several
apparently, the apparent paths of the meteors from this radiation intercepted the
```

- page 82 -

There is no photograph present in this document image.

Here is the text extracted from the image:

---
Incident: 227

luminous arcs of great circles diverging from the radiant point and passing downward to intersect the horizon under angles always large and for the most part approaching 90° in value. In several cases, the path of the bright green fireball seen from near Starvation Peak was very nearly, if not exactly, parallel to the horizon. This green fireball certainly did not emanate from the Geminid radiant.

Subject to discovery that a new (non-Geminid) meteoric radiant emitting numerous very bright fireballs of a vivid green color (deeper and richer than the green of the season at the Municipal Airport south of Santa Fe, New Mexico) has suddenly become active during the first half of December, I am now convinced the various "green flare" incidents reported to the O., S. are not meteoric in nature. See Incidents: 225, 226, 223, 223a, 224, 230

Significant Differences Between the Fireballs Observed in the Interval December 7 and Typical Meteors:

a. The horizontal nature of the paths of most of the December fireballs is most unusual. Genuine meteors are rarely observed to move in horizontal paths.

b. The very low height of the December fireball discussed in Section 2 above sets it off in sharp contrast from the genuine meteors for which heights of the order of 40 or more miles are normally observed.

c. The velocity determined for the fireball of December 12 is much less than the velocities determined from typical meteors (and yet is considerably greater than the speeds of the V-2 rockets or jet planes of conventional flares).

d. In the case of meteorites that penetrate to as low levels as that determined for the fireball of December 12, the observed luminous phenomena are always accompanied by very violent noises. No noises whatever have been observed in connection with the various December fireballs so far investigated.

e. Genuine meteors normally show remarkable variation in brightness beginning as fine thin hair lines, which are scarcely visible to the observers and then brightening up to flash out near the end of their paths. In the case of the December fireballs, most of the observers have reported that sine orgn balls appeared almost instantly at their full brightness.

f. In the case of genuine meteors the paths are directed toward all points of the compass with equal frequency. On the contrary in the case of the green fireballs, plots of admissible approach sectors show that there is a very pronounced tendency for the paths to come in from the north half of the sky.

g. The large groups of anomalous green luminous phenomena show a curious association with well-known meteor showers, although none

2
---

- page 83 -

This document does not contain any photographs to describe. Here is the text output from the document:

```
Incident: 227

of these meteor showers normally produce extremely bright green fireballs 
such as those recently observed. For example, the observation mentioned by 
Mr Manning (Incident 231) occurred near the maximum of the Quadrantid shower 
of early January. More spectacular observation of August was near the time 
of the Perseid shower (Incident 230) and the December observations (223, 223a 
224, 226, 227, all fell in the interval covered by the Geminid shower. 
This relationship might indicate an attempt to render the green fireballs less 
conspicous by causing them to appear only when there is considerable meteoric 
activity. 

h. As noted in an earlier communication the remarkably vivid green 
color reported for most of the December fireballs is rarely observed in the 
case of genuine meteorites. By laboratory test, this peculiar color seems to be 
identical with that given off by copper salts in the blowpipe flame. If this 
identification is correct, the wavelength of the radiation from the green 
fireball is near λ = 5218 A.

i. The duration estimates of between 2 and 3 seconds reported for the 
green fireballs are considerably longer than those (0.1 - 0.5 seconds) for 
the ordinarily visual meteors, but shorter than the duration estimates invar-
iable reported in the case of a genuine meteorite fall (5 to 30 seconds or 
even longer). 

j. None of the green fireballs seem to have a train of sparks or a 
dust cloud following. This contrasts sharply with the behavior noted in 
case of meteorite fireballs - particularly those that penetrate to the very 
low levels where the green fireball of December 12 was observed.

NOTE: Inquiry at Holloman AF Base, Alamogordo, N. M., revealed that 
research work at night and on Sundays does not involve the use of 
any lighting device or flares such as described in the various 
reports submitted.

```


- page 84 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a text document. As per your request as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition), here is the text output from the document:

```
J2 DECEMBER     NEW ACTION AREA

                  ACTION: Info for 17th DIST OSI, KAFB, 4th CO, KAFB, date 11 Jan 49, Subj:
                  Unknown (Aerial Phenomena).

AG                           1st Ind
HEADQUARTERS, Kirtland Air Force Base, Kirtland Field, N. Mex., 11 Jan 49
TO : Commanding General, AMC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio

         Forwarded for your information in connection with the reports of
investigation forwarded from this Headquarters on 11 December 1948 by
1st Ind to letter same subject as above.

               FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

                                                           OLIVER M. HOLLAND
1 Incl:      2/la (1 oy w/da)                       Captain, USAF
                                                           Asst't Adjutant

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS. DECLASSIFIED
                        AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

- page 85 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it is a page from a document. Here is the text present in the document:

```
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

(Aerial Phenomena)

FILE NO. 2L-3 DATE 1 Jan 49

REPORT MADE BY JNC.L L. DOLAN
REPORT MADE AT DO #17, Kirtland AFB, N. M.
PERIOD 22-29, December 1948
OFFICE ORIGINATING DO #17, Kirtland AFB, N. M.
STATUS PENDING

CHARACTER

SPECIAL INQUIRY

REFERENCE REPORT, S/A NATIVIDAD, 17th District OSI, 13 Dec 48 – Report, S/A DOLAN
17th District OSI, 22 Dec 48.

SYNOPSIS

Additional sightings of "Fireballs" reported from
Phoenix, Arizona, and Hood River, Oregon, Negative
check for reports made south and east of Albuquerque.
Concurrent sightings reported from Los Alamos, New
Mexico; bearings obtained and ground track plotted.
Negative check made with observers on duty at nights
at Army Proving Labs (Chuces), New Mexico. Report made 
by Dr. LA PAZ giving his findings.

DISTRIBUTION

CO, Kirtland AFB (Action copies)
AIO OSI
2

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO

CO, Kirtland AFB N. M.

APPROVED
[Signature]
ROBERT R. COTTON
COL., AC
DISTRICT COMMANDER

FILE STAMP

UNCLASSIFIED
WHEN SEPARATED FROM
CLASSIFIED ENCLOSURES

AF FORM 112
1 NOV 48
26 JULY 44
KPWB 3 6 0 0 
```

Please note: Some parts of the text may not be clear due to the quality of the scan or the document's condition, and thus, a perfectly accurate transcription may not be possible in all cases.

- page 86 -

The image shown does not contain a photograph. It is a text document. Here is the text as an OCR would output it:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS;

1. This is a Joint investigation by the writer, S/A MELVIN E.
HOWARD, EDGAR J. DUEMLER, and ROBERT R. JOHNS.

AT ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO

2. Letter from Miss -------- to Dr. J. Hugh Pruett,
Professor of Astronomy, University of Oregon, dated 3 November 1948,
provided by Dr. LINCOLN LA PAZ. This letter indicates that Miss -------- 
saw a "very strange star or fireball" on the night of 21 October 1948 over
Phoenix, Arizona. Description extracted from letter follows:

Color: Green
Course: East to west, with erratic side motions
Speed: Very slow (estimated 75 minutes to cross sky)
Remarks: Seemed to be at cosmic in course and brilliance by
stages; moved off 90° due to north and south in zig-
zag; faded as it went further west, then flared up
and disappeared.

3. Lead sheets were transmitted to Williams Air Force Base Detach-
ment, 17th District OSI, for interview with Miss -------- to develop pre-
cise details as to course and observation. (Inclosure #1)

4. Letter from Dr. PRUETT, undated, was provided by Dr. LA PAZ.
This letter, origin to Dr. Smith, and old authority of La Paz, "explains"
incident by a loud noise, at 1930 hours, 11 December 1948. A summary of
letter is as follows:

at approximately 1930, a brilliant blue-white flash of light
was seen from Hood River, Oregon, about five miles south and
slightly east. This is nearly directly over Pine Grove, a
small Oregon town. Most witnesses said that it might have been
lightning, but did not look like any lightning that they had
ever seen. It looked more like the rapid burning of a flare.
A loud noise, like thunder, accompanied the flash. One witness
said that the light moved to the north-northwest, in big circles
the moment the motor of the flare seemed to be round and 
white, something like a fluorescent light, or a searchlight, and
was concentrated. The weather was cold, with light rain-
snow; no lightning or thunder was observed. Radio interference
was strong at the time of the flash and for a few seconds later.
(Inclosure #2)

5. Lead sheets were transmitted to 20th District OSI for interviews
directed toward getting more details from -------- and obtaining further state-
ments.

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
NSD: JR: JAR: JOHNS.
```

Note: The blocks of text with lines through them are redactions, and the image preserves these redactions.

- page 87 -

No photographs are present in the image you've provided, it's a text document. Below is the OCR output of the text:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

his findings and conclusions on the listed sightings. This report pro-
vided Special Agent 's with , 30 December 1948. (Inclosures #5 and #6)

9. Report of Inspector  relative to sightings
of Cincinnati on 20 December was provided Special Agent , by Air
  on 28 December. 's 
with the 
on. It was not falling as fast as a falling star, with no 
ubi to watch. After several seconds, at an estimated altitude of 5000
feet, the object disappeared with a greenish flash, lighting up a small
cloud between itself and . Direction of travel was apparently north
by south, with perhaps a slight deviation. (Inclosure #7)

AT LAS CRUCES, NEW MEXICO

10. Special Agents EDGAR J. JARVIS and ROBERT N. JONES interviewed
Mr. PHILLIP S. CATOIL, Las Cruces Army Air Base, Las Cruces, New Mexico, on
23 December 1948. CAROIL is associated with ARMY Project Task D, Task 5555,
which requires that he and his associates, HOWARD E. HOMENECK, maintain
a watch on the skies for about 95% of the time at night. CAROIL denied
seeing any unusual phenomena during the period 1-25 October. Arrangements
were made for photographs of the night sky taken in connection with
CATOIL'S work to be furnished 17th District OSI.

Enclosures for Complete Distribution:

1. Letter from  to Dr. Proutt
2. Report of 
3. Report of Inspector 
4. Report of Inspector 
5. Report of Mr. 
6. Report of Dr. 
7. Report of Inspector 

- PENDING -

DOWNLOADED AT THE DIRECTION OF
THE SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE

UNCLASSIFIED

---

Please note that there are redactions in the document, which is why there are blank spaces in the text.

- page 88 -

No photograph is present on this page.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
6. The writer made inquiries in the following New Mexico towns
on 22, 23 and 24 December, with negative results: Bernal, Soholla, Abo,
Mountainair, Willard, Estancia, Vaughn, Pastura, Santa Rosa, Dillia, and
Palma. Several persons contacted had heard of the phenomena north-
east towards inter-state, but no one had seen or heard of any similar
flying object in New Mexico, which lies south of Las Vegas and south
and east of Albuquerque.

AT LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO

7. The following two reports were furnished Special Agent in
Charge by EDWARD R. MILLER JR., Atomic Energy Security Service (AESS).
Reporting individuals were on post patrol and made simultaneous sightings
estimated in their logs on December twenty-two by Dr. LA PAZ
from this position of sighting by triangulation.

Report by Inspector [Names redacted by AESS]:

At about 2051, 20 December 1948, in company with Inspector [Redacted],
a brilliant light was observed at a great height moving from west to
east at a 45-degree angle; this angle decreased as the light burned, until it
disappeared at about a 20-degree angle. When first seen the light's
speed was to the eye, low and increasing to tremendous when a 20-degree
angle, with white/black puffs behind it; the light trailed smoke behind
while; it seemed to fly as though under control, and finally disappeared
behind Point [blank] (Inclosure #3)

Report by Inspector [Names redacted by AESS]:

At 5:51, 20 December 1948, the object described below was seen,
It travelled from west to east, maybe a little south. It was in an almost
flat trajectory and left no train; no noise although the weather was
fog miles of elevation was some 30 degrees. It moved at a high speed,
finally disappearing behind South Point Cape. Total time of visibility was about
one and one-half seconds. The object was roundish with four smaller
white dots on a like ball with a tail. The tail behind it, to its right
[page seems cut off at bottom right]

8. Statements from Lieut. [Name redacted], AECES (oral), and
[Names redacted] (written), Physical Security Section, Los Alamos,
were obtained by Special Agent [Name redacted] and Dr. LA PAZ on 22 December 1948.

[Rest of the text is obscured or cut off]
```

- page 89 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a textual document. Here is the extracted text as per your request:

COPY 
ENCLOSURE #6 
UNCLASSIFIED 

The University of New Mexico 
Albuquerque 

December 30, 1948 

To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees, Commanding Officer 
District No. 17 
Office of Special Investigations 

From: Lincoln LaPaz, Director 
Institute of Meteoritics 

Subject: Anomalous luminous phenomena (Third Report)

In the second report of this series, a description was given of the real path through the atmosphere of the green fireball of 1948, December 12, 3^h 27^m (plus or minus 30^s). On the basis of corresponding observations made from one station near Sanderson Peak, New Mexico, and a second station near Los Alamos, New Mexico, this fireball was found to have appeared near a point with the coordinates latitude 35° 30', longitude 106° 00', and to have disappeared near a point with the coordinates: latitude 35° 15', longitude 107° 03', traversing an almost horizontal path at an elevation of about 10 miles above sea level, with a length of about 25 miles, and a velocity of approximately 100 miles per second. (The minimum earth-tightness constraint at the observation was found to be about 11 miles, the corresponding velocity then falling between 3 and 6 miles per second, depending on the duration adopted.) 

On the basis of corresponding observations of the greenish-white fireball of 1948, December 20, at 5^h 54^m p.m., made by two pairs of Los Alamos observers, it has now become possible to work out another approximate real path. As will be apparent from the original accounts of the observations made by AAFSS Inspectors Inspector-----------

Saucer-type less astronomical conditions the fireball of 1948, December 20 may be assumed closer to a terrestrial origin, than that on the "green ball" and

reports on the night of December 12. However, on the basis of the original accounts of the observers named above, of sketches supplied by these four individuals on December 29 and of transit observations made by Captain-------and this undersigned on the same data at the points of observation (rlz.,---------------------) it has been possible to establish additional conclusive data for fixing points on the real path (3.36 miles long) of the fireball. Because of the very short, baseline and very low angles involved in the reconstruction of observation and the difficult conditions under which the fireball of December 20 was observed, it is urged in mind that no pain in derived from the December 20 observations deserves considerably less weight than that obtained from the December 12 observations.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 90 -

There are no photographs on this page. The page contains typed text, including redacted areas where the names have been blacked out. Below is all the visible text from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

Lt. Col. Doyle Rees
-2- December 30, 1948

It is found that the fireball doubly observed by Messrs. [redacted] and [redacted] appeared at a height of at least 1o miles and descended at an angle of about 15° to the vertical (according to [redacted] estimate) to a point C at an elevation of only 2.3 miles above the horizontal plane through the point from which [redacted] and [redacted] observed. As the fireball approached the point C, its path levelled off and from C to its point of disappearance, B, the fireball followed a nearly horizontal path approximately 7.5 miles long moving with a velocity of between 3.75 and 7.5 miles per second, depending on the duration estimate adopted. The coordinates of the projection of C on the earth are 35° 51' N, 106° 30' 24" W, and those of the projection of B are 35° 57' N, 106° 23' E. The forward extension of the fireball's trace on the earth, as determined by the above projections, passes some six miles to the north of the town of Los Alamos.

It should be noted that the descending branch of the path of the fireball was observed by Inspector Threets alone, but he was absolutely certain the his observation of this portion of the path was correct. It should also be noted that no sound was heard, although the distance from the observers to the fireball at the nearest distance to the earth could have been only a few miles at most. I have no hesitancy in testifying that an object possessing the real path and history of the fireball observed by Messrs. [redacted] and [redacted] was not a falling meteorite.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

---

Please note that some words are difficult to read due to the quality of the document and some text may be occluded or redacted.

- page 91 -

There are no photographs present in this document. The text on the document reads:

UNCLASSIFIED

STOPI 13 (Continued)

mentioned three (3) previous anomalous incidents, the Memphis, Tenn.
nouses, incident of 7 May 1947; the Kansas "Observers" incident of
1948, 7 January, and the very remarkable "Greenball" fall of 1948,
2 May, 1314 zulu, MST, across the Los Alamos reservation which was
profusely commented upon in the new York newspapers with widespread
public notice at tihe time.  The CO claims to have been informed
in the occurrence of a similar incident on 12 December 1948, at Las
Vegas, N. V.  A statement by Dr. J.AK PRL is included.

Col. HAROLD a. GUEST, Base Commanding Officer, Kirtland Air Force Base,
Kirtland Field, in a grade, advised that he knew of no maneuvers being
conducted within this area.

Major WILLIAM T. GODSON, 4th Army Intelligence liaison, Sandia Base, I
Albuquerque, N. M. reported that he knew of no maneuvers being
conducted within this area.

has Security, Sandia Base, observed a green
flare directly over Sandia Base at 2225 hours, 6 December 1948.

[continued on next page]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

(Note: The censored portions are redacted and filled with a series of asterisks, and I've replaced them accordingly.)

- page 92 -

The image does not contain a photograph but appears to show a page from a document. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and provide you with the text:

Incident #241, a, b -- Los Alamos, New Mexico -- 20 December 1948

Dr. LaPaz, who has interviewed the various observers of
this incident, has stated that the object seen was not a falling
meteorite. He had access to more detailed information than is
contained in the typed reports offered here, and he is an expert
in these matters.

It should be noted, however, that the reports available
to this investigator show many contradictions concerning the color
and trajectory of the object: One observer gives the color of
fall as 450; another states that the trajectory was horizontal.
Most observers indicate a bluish-white light; only one mentions
the color Green, which is so predominant in the New Mexico "green
flashes."

It is not at all certain that the object observed here
belongs to the "green flash" family of incidents.


- page 93 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, with typewritten text. Here is the text reproduced as seen on the document:

```
Page 2 Incident: 24

Name and adress of observer: Buford G. Truett

Occupation and hobbies: Atomic Energy Security Services Inspector

Degree of Interrogotor relative to intelligence and character of
observer(s):


                                 STATEMENT OF FACT

At about 2054, 20 December 1948, in company with
Inspector -------- a falling light was observed at a great height
moving toward the earth at a 45º angle; this angle decreased as the
light fell until it disappeared on about a 20º angle. When first seen
the light appeared to be white, but later seemed to be broken, and to
have flat red cores, with the broken parts being red; the light trail
seemed to be white. Its form seemed to grow more concise and seemed
to be something besides just a white unbroken moving light. It appeared
to have a flat base having a broken red trail on each side. It was
now nearer the earth. The angle of glide appeared to be 20° and was
slightly N. West of an airplane in flight. It seemed to fly thru the air
as if controlled and did not fall straight to the earth as an uncontrolled
object normally would. It was moving very very swiftly. It finally
disappeared behind Point Eagle.

See Incident 233 for Details
```

- page 94 -

There is no photograph present in the document provided. It contains only text. Below is the text output from this document:

```
1. Date of Observation 20 Dec 48ets of Interview 29 Dec 1948
2. Time (local) 2054
3. Place of Observation Los Alamos, N. M.
4. Position of observer ground 35° 55'; 106° 23' 37 .7
5. What attracted attention --i- Attention called to object
   by Inspector [redacted]
6. Number of objects 1
7. Apparent size basketball - 1/4 the size of the moon
8. Color of object intense
   blue-white light
9. Shape round
10. Altitude high
11. Direction from observer
12. Distance from observer
13. Direction of flight of object(s) West to East, possibly a trifle to the
                                           south
14. Time in sight 1-1/2 seconds
15. Speed very fast rate of speed
16. Sound and odor No sound
17. Trail faint trail of light behind it
18. Intensity --
19. Fragments --
20. Maneuver traveled in an almost flat trajectory and its decline
21. Angle of disappearance formed an angle with the horizon of approx 20°
22. Effect on clouds Behind a mountain directly to the northeast of
                                        Pt Eagle at a 20° angle
23. Additional information one round object Two objects the size of a baseball
   separated from the main body and followed it at even intervals of distance
24. Weather conditions Cold with snow and rain

(END)
```

- page 95 -

There is no photograph present in the image you have provided. It is a text-based document. Here is the text output as if I were an OCR system:

---

Page 2             Incident: ---- 241a

Name and address of observer:

Occupation and hobbies: Atomic Energy Security Service Inspector

Composite of Interrogatories relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

Inspector ---- AESS, in the company of Inspector ---- AESS, who called his attention to the phenomenon, describes his experience as follows:

At 2054, 20 Dec 48, we saw the object described below making a path thru the sky. It was travelling in an almost flat trajectory and its declination formed an angle with the horizon of approximately 20°. The angle of elevation from our point of observation was approximately thirty°. The object was moving at a very fast rate of speed and disappeared behind the mountain directly to the northeast of Pt. Eagle. Total time of visibility was about one and one-half seconds.

Description:

An intense blue-white light about the size of a basketball. As the object traversed the sky, there was a faint trail of light behind it, and two objects the size of a baseball separated from the main body. These objects were of the same color and intensity as the main body, and trailed behind it directly in its path at even intervals of distance equal to approximately three times the diameter of the main body. The size of the main body was approximately one quarter the size of the moon.

---

- page 96 -

There is no photograph present in this image.

Here is the text from the document:

```
cc
                                           ENCLOSURE NO. 24b.

1.  Date of Observation     20 Dec 48    Date of Interview    29 Dec 1948

2.  Exact time (local)      2053

3.  Place of Observation    Route 4 - north of Bandelier cut-off - Los Alamos
                            35° 14.9'    106° 18.4'
4.  Position of observer    ground

5.  What attracted attention to object  -

6.  Number of objects       1

7.  Apparent size

8.  Color of object         Intense blue-white light

9.  Shape

10. Altitude

11. Direction from observer

12. Distance from observer

13. Direction of flight of object(s)     West to E.st, possibly a trifle to the
                                         south
14.  Angle of sight                      1/3

15. Speed                               Very fast rate of speed

16. Sound heard from       No sound
    object and don

17. Trail

18. Luminosity

19. Trajectory

20. Manouver[s]                traveled in an almost flat trajectory and its decline forming
                              an angle with the horizon of approx 20°
21. Manner of disappearance

22. Effect on clouds

23. Additional information concerning object

24. Weather conditions     Cold with snow and rain

                                                                                                      (over)
```

- page 97 -

The image does not contain a photograph. Here's the transcription of the text present in the image:

Page 2 Incident: 241D

Name and address of observer:
Classification and hobbies: AECSS Inspector

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of 
observer(s):

That will be all! An oral statement was made to Special Agent
Neef and Dr La Paz on 29 Dec 1948. Inspectoraccompanied.
Inspector See December statement #241C. Both descriptions 
agreed with that of Inspector Wilson as to color, speed, trajectory
and distance. Sightings were made concurrently.

- page 98 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with text information. Below is the text reproduced from the document:

```
PROJECT NO. 42-30 241C

1. Date of Observation: 20 Dec 48            Date of Interview: 29 Dec 1948
2. Exact time (local) 2055
3. Place of Observation Route J, north of Española cut-off - Los Alamos
                              35°19' 8.9", 106°13' 48.4"
4. Position of observer ground
5. What attracted attention to object: -
6. Number of objects 1
7. Apparent size Tennis ball
8. Color of object white with greenish tail
9. Shape ball of light
10. Altitude Questionable
11. Direction from observer -
12. Distance from observer -
13. Direction of flight of object(s) Southwest to Northeast
14. Time in sight 2 seconds
15. Speed Slower than a meteorite - approx 1,500 mph
16. Sound none
17. Trail Small conical-shaped tail of a pale greenish color
      or gaseous nature
18. Luminosity Glaring white light similar to color of white-hot
       steel in a smelting furnace
19. Fragmentation -
20. Maneuvers Level course
21. Manner of disappearance disappeared from view behind the tops of
          trees
22. Effect on clouds -
23. Additional information concerning object (Controlled flight
                                                        appearance
24. Weather conditions Cold with snow and rain
```

- page 99 -

The image is a page from a document and does not contain a photograph. It's a typewritten report. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

---

Top Secret Security Information
{Indistinct}
Page 3 Incl. W/{Indistinct} 218C

Name and address of observer: Name redacted
Inspector Atomic Energy Security Service
Los Alamos, N. M.

Comments of interviewer relating to intelligence and character of
observer(s):

REDACTED Ju. 476(?): At approximately 2053, December 20, 1948 while
driving over State Route #54, toward the South Gate (Station #90),
ASSS Inspector REDACTED observed what appeared to be at first glance
a meteorite travelling from left to right, at right angles to the
direction he was moving. The object seemed almost the size of a tennis
ball and was a glaring white similar to the color of white-hot steel
in a smelting furnace. The ball had a small conical shaped tail that
appeared to be pale green-ish in color and this tail, was not as clearly
defined as the ball itself but seemed to be of a gaseous nature.
 
The object appeared to be travelling on a controlled, level course and
was visible approximately a second and a half, disappearing from view
behind the trees that bordered the road. As he made a sharp right
turn on the road the object again was visible for approximately a second
and this time was considerably farther away. During this interval he
observed a small light to the right of the object which appeared to be
travelling with it. This smaller light was similar in appearance to a
running light on an airplane and seemed reddish in color. The object
and accompanying light disappeared from view behind the tops of more
trees and he was unable to catch another glimpse of it.
 
Inasmuch as this event occurred at night and due to the terrain over
which he was travelling it was difficult to state the exact direction
in which the object was travelling. In addition, since he had no way
of determining the actual size it was equally difficult to judge the
altitude of the object.

Statement (oral) to Special Agent NEFF and Dr La Paz on 29 Dec 48
was made by ASSS Inspector REDACTED who accompanied REDACTED. Description
of REDACTED agreed with that of the concurrent sighting by
REDACTED as to color, speed, trajectory and distance as well
as time.

---

- page 100 -

There are no photographs present in this image. Here is the text output as an OCR system:

---
26 DEC ( 205 December p. x
(AF142-/--

Ltr fr 17th Dist OSI, Kirt, to CO, KAFB, dtd 11 Dec 49, Subj:
Unkown (Aerial Phenomena).

HQS, 4th AD, ATTN: AC/IN
HEADQUARTERS, Portland Air Force Base, Portland Flds., N. Mex., 21, Dec 49

TO: Commanding General, AWC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio.

Forwarded for your information in connection with the reports or
investigation forwarded from this Headquarters on 14, December 1948 by
1st Ind. to letter same subjects as above.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

Oliver E. McColllm
Captain, USAF
Actg Adjutant

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
---

- page 101 -

The image appears to be a page from an old document, specifically a UFO report from Project Blue Book, discussing sightings in New Mexico. There is no photograph present in the image, only text.

Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

6. This writer made inquiries in the following New Mexico towns on 22, 23 and 24 December, with negative results: Belen, Socorro, Abog,
Fountainair, Willard, Encino, Vaughn, Pastura, Santa Rosa, Dilia, and
Palma. Several persons contacted had heard of the phenomena near
Las Vegas, New Mexico, but no one had seen or heard of any celestial
phenomena in the area covered, which lies south of Las Vegas and south
and east of Albuquerque.

AT LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO

7. The following two reports were furnished Special Agent MELVIN
E. NEFF by Lieut. EARLE D. HIGHOWER, Atomic Energy Security Service (AESS). Reporting individuals were on Jeep patrol and made simultaneous sightings while seated in their jeep. Transit readings were made by Dr. LA PAZ
from the position of sighting by jeep.

Report by Inspector BUFORD C. TRUETT, AESS:

At about 2054, 20 December 1948, in company with Inspector W. De
WILSON, a falling light was observed at a great height moving toward the
earth at a 45-degree angle; this angle decreased as the light fell, until
it disappeared on about a 20-degree angle. When first seen the light
appeared to be white, but later seemed to be green, and to have a flat
red core, with the broken parts being red; the light trailed seema to be
white. It seemed to fly as though under control, and finally disappeared
behind Point Eagole. (Inclosure #3)

Report by Inspector WILLIAM D. WILSON, AESS:

At 2054, 20 December 1948, the object described below was seen.
It travelled from west to east, nay be a little south. It was in an almost
flat trajectory and its decline was at about 20 degrees to the horizon,
This angle of elevation was 30 degrees. It moved at a high speed,
finally disappearing behind Point Eagle. Total time of visibility was about
one and one-half seconds. The object was an intense blue-white light about
as sils as a softball and of a definito form but trailing blue-white bluish
objects about the size of a baseball, this same color and intensity as the
main body, trailed in tandem, at intervals of about three times the diameter
of the main body. The size of the main body was about one-fourth the size
of the moon. (Inclosure #4)

3. Statement from Lieut. CLIFFORD E. STRUM, AESS (oral), and

[the rest is illegible due to the stamp]

DOWNGRADING AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS,
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
IOD DUE 6200.10
```
Please note that parts of the document are not clearly visible due to a stamp overlay, including the end of item 3, which has been marked as "[the rest is illegible due to the stamp]".

- page 102 -

There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

As an OCR system, here's the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS

AT KIRKLAND, NEW MEXICO

1. This investigation resulted from verbal request M material
Commander, 17th District Office of Special Investigations (OSI) USAF,
Kirkland Air Force Base, Kirkland A Fld, New Mexico.

2. This is a joint investigation of Special Agents EUGENE K. SMALL, JR., HERMAN E. MOORE, MELVIN E. BROWN, and the writer.

3. On 5 December 1948, Captain JOSEPH BANNER, Security Officer,
Kirkland Air Force Base, Kirkland A Fld, New Mexico, reported the following incidents:

AT 2230 hours, 5 December 1948, a Capt. Tendow, 49293, employee
from Lowery AFB, 20 to June, Denver, Colorado, to Williams Air Force
Base, Chandler, Arizona, reported his position to Albuquerque Tower,
Kirkland Air Force Base, and received his range instruction from
them. That is, at 70 miles range, altitude to approximately 8000 (10)
-1- was east of Albuquerque. Pilot stated that he had seen some
flares rise from the ground to an altitude of approximately 7775
(two thousand) feet on the west edge of the Sandia Mountains. The
flares emitted at about 2100 (?) lumens. Pilot stated that he had
seen the same type of flares at exactly 2105 hours just east
of Las Vegas, New Mexico. No other information was offered by the
pilot.

AT 2300 hours, 5 December 1948, the Control Tower, Kirkland Air
Force Base, was notified by telephone that an aircraft, piloted by a
New Mexico Fairchild, San Marcial, 74 Maple St., Las things, AT
San Jose, NM, in quadrature, grid zone C3 CA01, at angle of
latitude 24 had seen a UFO in a direct line west of Las Vegas at approximatey 25 lumens. Pilot stated he had blinked the object
10 minutes later at first, in turn, upon questioning, stated the
evidence was a light was too near the ground to have been a
shooting star. Pilot suggested that the light could have been a
very high flare.

AT 2340 hours, 5 December 1948, Captain name unreadable, pilot of Pioneer
Flight 643, reported by telephone to KIRKLAND Air Force Base Control
Tower, stating that when he first saw the light it appeared
to be coming straight toward his airplane and added that he had
attempted to jerk the airplanes from its course to avoid the light.
He said that the lights appeared to remain straight to
the ship, then trailed off to the ground. The lights was pale
green and had a pale green trail. Captain name unreadable did say why
he hadn't seen more trailing much incident since they are generally
quite steeply.

On 5 December 1948, Captain name and pilot,
Captain name, and pilot with Army tailmets, did
not see object.

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

- page 103 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will transcribe the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

his findings and conclusions on the latest sightings. This report pro-
vided Special Agent ----, 30 December 1948. (Inclosures ## and #5)

9. Report of "Transport" ---- ASSISTANT, ALBUQUERQUE by 
of Fireball on 23 December was provided Special Agent ---- by 
LT. ----, INTELLIGENCE, ACSS. This report indicates that at 2317, 23 December 
1948, ---- saw a white light, like a falling star, descending in a vertic-
cal path. It was not falling as fast as a falling star, so ---- convin-
ced to watch. After several seconds, at an estimated altitude of 6000 
feet, the object disappeared with a greenish flash, lighting up a small 
cloud between itself and ----. Direction of travel was apparently north 
to south, with perhaps a slight deviation. (Inclosure #7)

AT LAS CRUCES, NEW MEXICO

10. Special Agents EDGAR J. ---- and ROBERT R. ---- interviewed 
---- who requires that he and his associates, ---- LAS CRUCES, New Mexico, on 

23 December 1948. ---- is connected with Navy Project Task D, 
which requires that he and his associates, ----, maintain a 
watch on the skies for about 95% of the time at night. ---- denied 
seeing any unusual phenomena during the period 1-15 December. Arrangements 
were made for photographs of the night sky taken in connection with 
---- work to be furnished 17th District OSI.

Enclosures for Complete Distribution:

1. Letter From ---- to Dr. ----
2. Letter From ---- to Dr. ----
3. Report of ----
4. Report of ----
5. Report of ----
6. Report of ----
7. Report of ----

- PENDING -

UNCLASSIFIED
``` 

Please note that there are redactions in the original document, which have been represented by ---- in the transcription.

- page 104 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page of a textual document. Here is the text extracted as an OCR would:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

PREPARING OFFICE
Office of the AC of S, G-2, Headquarters, Fourth Army, Fort Sam Houston, Texas

DATE
13 Jan 49

SUBJECT
Unconventional Aircraft
(Control Number #2917)

CODE FOR USE IN INDIVIDUAL PARAGRAPH EVALUATION
OF SOURCE
COMPLETELY RELIABLE : A
USUALLY RELIABLE : B
FAIRLY RELIABLE : C
NOT USUALLY RELIABLE : D
UNRELIABLE : E
RELIABILITY UNKNOWN : F
OF INFORMATION
COMPLETELY RELIABLE : 1
PROBABLY TRUE : 2
POSSIBLY TRUE : 3
DOUBTFULLY TRUE : 4
IMPROBABLE : 5
TRUTH CANNOT BE JUDGED : 6

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

(G-2 NOTE: This report is a supplement to report, this headquarters, subject as
above, dated 3 January 1949.)

1. Following is a list of sightings of unidentified lights over New Mexico
subsequent to 27 December 1948:

a. Los Alamos, 28 Dec 43, 2024 hours, Falling light from 45 degree
angle, disappearing to 20 degree angle. Observed by four security inspectors at
Los Alamos AEC project.

b. Los Alamos, 28 Dec 43, 2131 hours, Descending vertical light much
slower than a falling star. Disintegrated in greenish flash lighting up cloud areas
between observer and light. Observed by security inspector, Los Alamos AEC project.

c. Los Alamos, 30 Dec 43, 2010 and 2100 hours, High speed motor sound
directly over Los Alamos and above overcast. Sound heard for seven seconds (timed)
and repeated two minutes later. Heard again at 2100 hours for 8.2 seconds (timed).
Positive determination that no vehicles on approaching highways and no planes
reported. Checked and observed by Los Alamos security inspectors.

d. Sandia Base, 6 Jan 49, 1730 hours. Brightly lighted object from
southeast to northwest. Diamond shape, two feet long, altitude 1500 to 2000 feet.
Speed – faster than a jet plane, No smoke or vapor trail. No sound. Observed by
Sandia Base sentry who claims experience in aircraft observation.

2. Dr. LaPaz, Meteorologist at the University of New Mexico, personally inter-
viewed all persons who have made observations, he has made transit sightings to
determine altitudes and angles of light. He has made a report to the O.S.I. of
the U.S.A.F., closing with this remark, "It is no hesitation in testifying that an
object possessing the small path and other peculiarities observed by Messrs. [name redacted] and [name redacted] was not a falling meteorite."

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR
INTERVALS: NOT AUTOMATICALLY
DECLASSIFIED. DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

WD/JGS G-3; L&W a.F; FBI F419.9.I.9/7/2.000
```

Please note that the redaction of names has been done in accordance with the guidelines despite them not being visible to me in the provided image; in reality, the document contains the actual names.

- page 105 -

The image is of a typewritten document page, with no photographs present. Here is the text from the document:

```
COPY                                      UNCLASSIFIED
ENCLOSURE #3

TO: Captain J. P. Shea
FROM: Inspector
SUBJECT: Observations

1. This report is being made in writing at the request of

It will be divided into three parts: 1. Observations,
2. Recommendations, 3. A map indicating the point of my observations.
The third part of this report will not be submitted now, but will be 
given later when a map is available to make this map accurate.

Inspector________ and myself, being on patrol for
the Reconnaissance Section AASS, arrived at Point Loma 2050, December
20, 1948. We had driven up the road as far as it extended and was safe
under the circumstances, and were sitting in the jeep with the headlamps
in the general direction of the road at this point. The direction in
which we were headed as well as all directions in this report will be
referred to with some degree of accuracy from the map which will be
submitted later to make this report complete. 

As I was sitting in the jeep I observed a falling light in
the sky at approximately 2054. At first it appeared to be a white light
moving at about 45 degrees to the earth. It seemed to descend at an
accelerated rate, but not too much as to give it any falling body or
balling until it went out of my vision at about a twenty degree angle behind
Point Loma. I called the attention of Inspector ______ to this falling
light and he too observed it and has also been requested to make a report
on his observations. I continued to observe this phenomenon.
According to my first observations it appeared to be a white light,
clear and unbroken, falling very visibly through the night. However,
as I observed this light more closely it changed in appearance. It seemed
now to be broken instead of a clear stream. Its color was grayish and also 
it now seemed to have a red coloration, its broken particles coming down.
Its stream of light left seemed however to be white. Its form seemed
to grow more concrete and seemed to be something besides just a white,
unbroken moving light. It seemed to have a flat base, leaving a broken
red trail on each sides. There it had appeared at a great height it was
now nearer the earth. Where its angle of glide had been 45 degrees, it 
now appeared to have an angle of twenty degrees glide, and reminded me
very much of an airplane in flight. It seemed to fly through the air
in a normal roll and not to fall straight to the earth as an uncontrolled
object normally would. It was moving very very swiftly. It finally 
disappeared behind Point Loma.

                         ________Headquarters was notified of our observations
and the angle of movement of this light, and I was told to __________ or my
later to LO-22_______quarters and returned. to station 100 to make the
call, found there ___________al guard of the Physical Security who
________also observed the same things we did from a different point.
He had not seen this also. We made a report to them as well as
to you. We returned to Headquarters to find a suitable map to make
                COPY                 UNCLASSIFIED  
```

- page 106 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten page of a document. Below is the text as requested:

-2-

our observations more accurate from a descriptive point and to make a
written report of our observations.

These are my recommendations, It is my understanding and
has been my observation that this light is of concern to the
Security Service. Attempts have been made to observe it more closely.
As a means of observing this more closely, of finding out what it is,
and what happens to it, I would suggest that attempts be made to
observe it from the air and from the land. To observe it from the
land will lighten these means. These suggestions are made with the
impressions that this thing has been observed before about the same times
and probably can be observed again. First the Air Forces of this
Department of Defense have excellent Photographic Planes. These are
fast and make good photographs. These could operate safely at night.
This thing if of any importance to the defense of our country would
necessitate no small means of detection but should enlist all our
resources for its proper observations and understanding. Also
the Air Forces have small observing planes that might be used. The
Civil Air Patrol might be used. Certainly some attempts should be used
to observe and find out about this thing from the air, It appears in
the air. It disappears in the air. It might damage some of our Atomic
Installations eventually if it is not a natural thing and in an controlled.
Also attempts should be made by our own personnel to observe this thing.
Patrol 105 of the Sandia Base service went on guard but this Point Eagle
about the expected time of appearance each night. It did not even be
important enough to place other patrols at points of observations
until this this is understood and known about. Also in future attempts
to observe this thing radio silence should be observed under all conditions
by participating personnel until the thing is sighted. However, it
might be better if nothing is said over the radio in the future about it.
Radio conversation, if this thing is man controlled, may give a clue
to those controlling it that attempts are being made to observe it.
and may make difficult a discovery or an understanding of its nature.
The use of radar may also aid in its discovery.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 107 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Below is the text extracted from the image as if I were acting as an OCR system:

----

CONFIDENTIAL
COPY    

ENCLOSURE #4

OFFICE MEMORANDUM           UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

TO:     Captain Shea

FROM:   Inspector █████████

SUBJECT: Object seen on 105 Patrol

Date:  20 December 1948

From 2050 to 2100 this date Inspector █████████ and myself were
at Pt. Eagle in the regular performance of the 105 patrol.

At 2054 we saw the object described below making a path thru the
sky. The direction of travel was from West to East, possibly a trifle
Southerly. The object was travelling in an almost flat trajectory and its
decline formed an angle with the horizon of approximately twenty degrees.
The angle of elevation from our point of observation was approximately thirty
degrees. The object was moving at a very fast rate of speed and disappeared
behind the mountain directly to the northeast of Pt. Eagle. Total time of
visibility was about one and one-half seconds.

Description:

An intense blue-white light about the size of a basket-
ball. As the object traversed the sky, there was a faint trail
of light behind it, and two objects the size of a baseball
separated from the main body. These objects were of the same
color and intensity as the main body, and trailed behind it
directly in its path at even intervals of distance equal to
approximately three times the diameter of the main body. The
size of the main body was approximately one quarter the size
of the moon.

/s/ ████████████ 
Security Inspector

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
[DT1 JAN 1975(50)] 

----

Please note that certain pieces of text are redacted in the original document which I have represented with blocks of █████ characters.

- page 108 -

There are no photographs present in the image you provided, only text. Here is the text from the document as an OCR output:

```

                                               TOP SECRET
                                                       
                                           ENCLOSURE #5

          B. O. Wells, Director of Security                                        December 30, 1948

TIME:          2053
DATE:          December 20, 1948
DIRECTION:     Approximately southwest to northeast
SPEED:         Slower than a meteorite (approximately 1500 m.p.h.)
COLOR:         White, with a pale greenish tail
ALTITUDE:      Questionable
POINT OF OBSERVATION: Route 4 - north of Bandelier cut-off
OBSERVER:

STATEMENT OF OBSERVER:

    At approximately 2053, December 20, 1948, while driving overl State
Route #4 toward the South Gate (Station 390), I observed what
appeared to me, at first glance, a meteorite travelling from left
to right, i.e., at right angles to the direction I was moving.  As
the object seemed almost the size of a tennis ball and was covered
a glaring white, similar to the color of white-hot steel in a
stifling furnace. The ball had a small, conical shaped tail that
appeared to be pale greenish in color, and this tail was not as
clearly defined as the ball itself, seeming to be of a gaseous
nature.

The object appeared to be travelling on a controlled, level course
and was visible approximately a second and a half, disappearing
from view behind the trees that bordered the road.  It is made a
sharp right turn on the road, the object was again visible for
approximately a second, and this time it was considerably farther
away. However, during this short second period I observed a small
light to the right of the object, which appeared to be travelling
in unison. This smaller light was similar in appearance to a
running light on an airplane, and it seemed to be reddish in color.
The object and accompanying light disappeared from view behind the
tops of more trees, and I was unable to catch another glimpse of it.

Inasmuch as this event occurred at night, and due to the terrain I
was travelling over, it is difficult to state the exact height at
which the object was travelling.  In addition, due to the strong
light intensity radiated from, as well as carrying no idea as to the size
of the object itself, it is equally difficult to judge the altitude
of the object.
     
DOWNRATED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS; NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS                                     UNCLASSIFIED
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

- page 109 -

The document contains two photographs at the top of the page. The photographs appear to be aerial, possibly taken from high above the ground. Both are circular in shape and look like they were taken through some sort of lens or circular aperture. One photograph is positioned slightly above and to the left of the other. They both show a clear sky with an object or a point of light near the center of each image.

Below is the text from the document:

```
COPY                             CONFIDENTIAL
INCOMING 45

The University of New Mexico
Albuquerque

Institute of Meteoritics
December 30, 1948

To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees, Commanding Officer
    District no. 17
    Office of Special Investigations

From: Lincoln LaPaz, Director
      Institute of Meteoritics

Subject: Anomalous luminous phenomena (Third Report)

In the second report of this series, a description was given of the path,
path through the atmosphere of the green fireball, of 1948, December 12, 2342
(Mountain War Time), on the basis of observations made from one
station near Bernalillo Peak, New Mexico, and a second station near Los Alamos,
New Mexico, this fireball was found to have traversed part of its path with the
coordinates: latitude 35° 50' N., longitude 106° 30' W., and to have disappeared
at a point with the coordinates: latitude 35° 50' N., longitude 106° 30' W., and
traversing an almost horizontal path 5° N., on an elevation of about 10 miles above
sea level, with a length or orbit of roughly 32 miles, at a velocity of approximately
30 miles per second, (the minimum and maximum readings consistent with the observations
would tend to be about 114 miles, ranging roughly between Valle Caldera
3 and 6 miles per second, depending on the disputed subjects).

On the basis of corresponding observations of the much-remarked fireball
of 1948, December 20, 6h 52m P.M. only two pairs of Los Alamos observances,
it has now become possible to rule out as improbable total error. As will
be apparent from the original accounts of the Los Alamos retina by AEC
Inspector ███████████████ and Mrs. ██████ on 1948, December 20 was
observed under less favorable conditions why reason could can have
assurance of the night of December 20.
Accounts of the observers named supra, certified by their ███████████
and this on Diagnosis 21 and its exhibits discussing at Page Yellow (10 account-
ed out) unremarked on the other stands on reasoning of the public (viz., ███████
██ ███████, 1950 75 on for site assuance name, in 50 35' lat 106 30' W. for
but ███████, it has been practicable to arrive at considerable guidance from the
precise points on the Earth's surface for the presumed place of disappearance
of the object was quite central to █████ ████████ of the phenomenon.

The facts of this new fireball ███████████ is not official █████████ the divided than the
December 20 WJ Greenwood, it is my opinion that the two balls have been based
on the 20 observations disclosed above or the result, than the real differences
then the December 12 observations.
UNCLASSIFIED █████

```

The blacked-out or redacted portions are represented by "██████████" indicating text that has been obscured for privacy or confidentiality purposes.

- page 110 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned page from a document. I will now transcribe the text as an OCR system would:

```
UNCLASSIFIEE
Lt. Col. Doyle Rees -2- December 30, 1948

It is found that the fireball visually observed by Reeses, ______ and _______, 
______, and ________ appeared at a height of at least 120 miles and descended at
an angle of about 45° to the vertical (according to witness estimates) to a 
point C at an elevation of only 22.3 miles above the horizontal plane through 
the point C, at which it leveled off and flew C to its point of disappearance, D, 
the fireball followed a nearly horizontal path approximately 7.5 miles long mov-
ing with a velocity of between 3.75 and 7.75 miles per second, depending on the 
duration estimate adopted. The coordinates of the projection of C on the earth 
are 35° 55' N., 105° 30' W., and those of the projection of D are 35° 57' N., 
106° 23' W. The forward extension of the fireball's nexus on the earth of the 
downward flight by the above parabolas passes some miles to the northwest of the 
town of Los Alamos.

It should be noted that the ascending branch of the path of the fireball 
was observed by Inspector _______ only; but was so substantially curved that 
his observation of this portion of the path admits of no doubt. It should also be 
noted that no sound was heard, although the distance from the observer to the 
fireball and from the fireball to the earth could have been only a few miles 
at most. It may no be particularly deserving that an object possessing the real 
path and the other peculiarities thereof ___ by witness, ________, ________  
and _________ was not a falling meteorite.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS. 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

Please note, some information appears to have been redacted from the original document, which is indicated by the blank spaces or lines in the transcription.

- page 111 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with only text and some markings (like censor bars). Here is the text output from the document:

---

Incident #243 -- Los Alamos, New Mexico -- 28 December 1948

The object described here seems to belong to the mysterious family of "New Mexico green flashes." See report on Incident #223 for detailed discussion.

It can be said, however, that if this is regarded as an isolated incident, the description is not very different from that of a fireball. It is the occurrence of these incidents in a seemingly definite pattern that argues very strongly against the meteoric hypothesis.

---

- page 112 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text from the document:

```
COPY
UNCLASSIFIED
ENCLOSURE #7

OFFICE MEMORANDUM                                            UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

TO: Lt. S. D. Hightower                                 Date: 12/23/48
FROM: Insp. [Redacted]
SUBJECT: Unknown Object

At approximately 0431, this date, while looking east from Station 108
towards Station 101 I noticed high in the sky what appeared to be a falling
star, white in color, descending in a vertical path. My attention remained
with the object when I noticed the rate of descent seemed to be slower than
that of a falling star. After watching it lose altitude for several seconds,
I saw it suddenly disappear with a greenish-tinged flash which momentarily
illuminated a small cloud between the object and myself.

The object may also have been traveling east or west to some extent
since I could not estimate that angle; however the object descended in a
perfectly straight line with reference to North and South. At the time of the
flash the object was a good distance east of Station 101 and at an estimated
altitude of six thousand feet.

[Redacted]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

JDH
c/o Capt. R. L. Dowd, Duty Officer UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 113 -

The image does not contain a photograph.

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

civilian, Plenner Flight[s] was intercepted by a NC-47. In view-
this interview, we concluded that there are two elements involved
Mr. T----- D------ and BEAR Flight did not overtake, were unsuc-
ful. At 2315 hours, 5 December 1948, he was approached and left
by an F-82G type of airplane at an altitude of 9,000 feet, with
the heading of 272 degrees. An object as observed at roughly an object slightly
above that of altitude, in the midst of the Mountains--at a dis-
tance of six to eight miles ahead of his position, was on a slightly
higher flight path, and he assumed it to be another aircraft. The
first view which was observed, an object which, on realization, this
object that first appeared to be nothing more than another airplane,
then after efforts spent to be avoiding itut accelerated so swift, that
less than only a few seconds an object could be aside of him on a
different course by 5000 ft. MR. W----- and SMITH were of the opinion
than it would have been impossible for serious in the passenger one might
unable to have observed this phenomena. MR. W---- states that he did
not observe this object and added that he was of her knowledge all
of the passengers were asleep

NOTE: It is to be noted that there is a discrepancy in the color of the top, this file and that recorded on Location Field Interview.

5. On 9 December 1948, Colonel William E. EUSSEN, Instructor,
Civilian Components Affairs Officer, [25 March] Military District, was
interviewed at his office, Army Building, Rooms 314 and 315 Tenth St., N.E.
Kirkland Field, New Mexico. This interview was conducted by S/A ROSB
J. GREEN. Here, the FLIGHT Commander, and the operator, Colonel EUSSEN
said that it was of June one, and had the same type of observation of
the latter part of 1947. This occurrence is merely one of two, during
his past years -- 20 year period. So far as fast, Quinn Sighting against
him do. The phenomenon expressed to be any mandatory part of five hundred
feet above the earth with an first observed and descended slowly and
bodily like a vessel that apparently -- the craft is, in essence, first and
normally it is proven and a rocket-sized material, this object, approx-
imate mile. Upon reaching ground approximately two hundred feet above
this surface of the earth, the object stopped, an upside and though no
made apparatus. Colonel EUSSEN however states as no cables and an amply
upon the subject, at these times the conclusion, or disintegration, this
would be behind place some forty to fifty yards through, still
do not were noticed, at this time the fragments assumed a fiery red-
ular mass and descended now with like numerous sparks, bodies extenuated
before touching the ground, Colonel EUSSEN states than the witness on this
date extends into buzzard by he and THE advised that this case is merely as
he graffiti were planted by a force. Colonel EUSSEN did not express the
cause or investigate further.

Colonel EUSSEN advised that on that 29 or 30 of November 1948,
as again on 2 or 3 November 1948, he observed, and similar phenomena as desig-
cribed previous. These observations were in the same vicinity of the
ordinel phenomenon on passings, near Truth or, New Mexico. All times
of these incidents occurred as approximately 2200 hours. Col. EUSSEN

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

5

- page 114 -

The image provided is a low-resolution scanned document making it difficult to accurately produce all the text contents. It does not contain any photographs. Here is my attempt to reproduce the text content to the best of my abilities given the resolution constraints:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

[several lines of text, not legible, possibly column headings and report details]

[blacked out section, presumably classified or redacted information]

1. [...?] May 29 - Listed and plotted as unduplicated, however, 
equivalent to 7 December 1948.

2. New [Jri?], 20 Dec 48 - L[w?]s J[...]oming 1845[...]
lng date. [Observed?] by the entire La [...] Air Force
electronic maintenance [...]

3. Fairbanks, 29 Dec 48, 1224 Z, Nov 1949 - Descending vertical
[...] at [...] long blue, [...] dark green [...] Light [...]
estimated over Pole C[...] Observed by ground observer [...]
[...]

4. [Anchorage?] 29 Dec 48, 1515 Z to 1815 Z hours, that [...]
[...] per hr all az [...] dark color [...] relieved [...]
[...] visible for 1 to 2 hrs each [...]
[...] and Ladd AFB, [...]
[...] checked and combined by [...]
[...]

5. Great Falls, 6 Jan 49, 1750 Z hours - Distinctly identified
[...] diamonds [...] planets, stopped, F-86 [...]
[...] RC-45 [...] circles [...] observed for [...] trouble. [...] some
[...] time [...] time plane disappeared [...] observation [...]

6. Dec 29, 1949, [the?] knowledge at the [...] Or MATS [...], that
[...] all crews who have made an instrument [...] by visual [...]
[...] individual [...] edge of sight [...] has seen a [...] in the [...]
[...] military [...], that the [...] of [...] have no [...] any [...] suspicion
[...] handle each a [...] problems characterized by [...]
[...]

DOWNGRADED at 12 YEAR INTERVALS; NOT AUTOMATICALLY
DECLASSIFIED. FOR THE RECORD

UNCLASSIFIED

D/A 35/0-5/35 1915 0330 7831 000, C.S.I.G.2.A.

WD AGO FORM 33
```

Please note that due to the quality of the scan, many words are partially or completely illegible and have been indicated with "[...]" to show that the text cannot be precisely determined. If more detailed information from the document is needed, a higher-resolution image would be required.

- page 115 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a textual document. The text from the document reads:

-----
ENCL: Ltr fr 17th Dist OSI, KAFB, to CO, KAFB, dtd 11 Jan 49, Subj: Unknown (Aerial Phenomena).

AG
HQ FOURTH AF, Kirtland Air Force Base, Kirtland Fld., N. Mex., MUN:LJ
TO : Commanding General, AFO, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio.

Forwarded for your information in connection with the reports of
investigation forwarded from this Headquarters on 11 December 1948 by
lts' ltr to ltr same subject as above.

FOR THE COMMADING OFFICER:

                                                              OLIVER W. HOLAND
                                                              Captain, USAF
                                                              As't'd Adjutant

1 incl: n/a (1 oy w/d)

-----

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 116 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it is a scanned document. The text displayed in the document is as follows:

---

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

UNCLASSIFIE TIME EXEMPTION GENERAL EXEMPT

17th DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
Kirtland AFB, Kirtland Field, New Mexico

AFDW
11 January 1949

File No: 24-3

SUBJECT: Unknown, Aerial Phenomena

TO: Commanding Officer
Kirtland Air Force Base
Kirtland Field, N. M.

1. Reference is made to Report of Investigation, this office, dated
13 December 1948; Report of Investigation, this office, dated 17 December
1948; and Report of Investigation, this office dated 23 December 1948,
subject same as above, copies of which have been forwarded your head-
quarters.

2. Attached for your information are four copies of Report of In-
vestigation, this office, dated 14 January 1949, subject same as above.
It is requested that two copies of the inclosed report be forwarded to
Air Material Command Headquarters which has been designated as the head-
quarters responsible for coordination of this investigation.

3. Investigation to date has not produced any positive information
regarding the source or nature of the unidentified aerial phenomena,
additional sightings of which continue to be reported daily. Lincoln LaPaz,
Director of the Institute of Meteoritics, University of New Mexico, is
of the opinion that the reported phenomena are not of meteoritic
origin.

4. This is a supplemental report. Investigation is continuing and
subsequent reports will be forwarded for your review and such action as
you may consider appropriate when the investigation is completed.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS,

DATE /s/
LT COL, USAF
District Commander


1 Incl
Rpt of Invest ra Sib(s) (quad)

UNCLASSIFIE 2 3 1
                    KAFB 3609

---

- page 117 -

There are no photographs present in the image you provided.

As for the text, here it is transcribed:

```
COPY
UNCLASSIFIED
THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO
Albuquerque

Institute of Meteoritics

January 6, 1949

To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees, Commanding Officer
District No. 17
Office of Special Investigations

From: Lincoln LaPaz, Director
Institute of Meteoritics

Subject: Report of Anomalous Sounds Observed by AESS personnel at Los Alamos
on 1948, December 30

1. On 1948, January 5, Major C. L. Phillips, USAF, and the undersigned
under the guidance of Lt. Karl D. Hightower, AESS, visited three of the four
stations at which anomalous sounds were heard during the night of 1948,
December 30. In the present preliminary report, a summary of the pertinents
facts is given and, on the basis of azimuth and elevation readings taken at 
the three stations where sounds were heard simultaneously, an approximate
determination is made of the location of the sound sources in space.

2. At Station 800 statements were obtained from AESS inspectors
and the in accordance to OSPINTO----s, at approximately 2010 on
December 30 they both heard what they first thought was a truck laboring up
the hill nearby below their station. A and S then got to think that they were 
and went to the door to make the customary inspection, only to find that the 
roadway was empty. The sound continued. T then went out of S after they open-
ed the door and stepped outside. Repetition of their motions and on cessation
timed with a stop-watch showed that the sound occurred approximately 7 seconds.
About 10 minutes later, at approximately 2020, the same incident occurred
again, only men rising from their chairs opening the door, a stop-watch
outside motion from scratch—the formality was the answer, the gearing
determination for this case gave a duration for the sound of 8.5 seconds.
This second repetition of the unusual sound made a considerable impression 
on the inspectors involved and the matter was under discussion during the 
half hour that elapsed before a bogey alarm came in over communications at
approximately 2050. By this time, had left Station 800 and the third
observation was made by and . According to these inspectors,
this noise heard at approximately 2010 was definitely an aerial noise in
contrast to the noises heard at 2010 and 2020, in their normal noise 
in this was not a aerial noise standing . In their names; although both
agreed that the sound of a plane motor probably came closest to representing
what they heard. A stop-watch determination indicated a duration on 10-15
seconds for the aerial noise. Because the inspectors felt that they made
more accurate determinations of position for the second and third incidents
than for the first, azimuth and elevation readings were taken only for the
occurrences at 2020 and 2050. According to , the azimuth of the sound
heard is 02000 *** JD 471 *** *** The elevation *** ***. According to ***

Other side

RESTRICTED
CLASSIFIED AT A LATER DATE:
DOD DIR 5200.10
DOD M5200.1-R

```

The text has been partially redacted, as indicated by the omission of certain words and names, likely for security or privacy reasons.

- page 118 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page of a text document. Below is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
-2- January 5, 1949

UNCLASSIFIED

those quantities were 750 900 and 430. According to ****, the second of
the sound heard at 2010 was 990 430 and the third vibration **** this altitude
idea, these quantities were 1010 430 and 110 30.

3. At Station 50 a statement was obtained from AB53 Inspector ****
(who has companion on the night of December 30, Inspector **** also
heard the anomalous sound, but Inspector **** was not available for inter-
rogation on January 5). According to Inspector **** none of the sounds obs-
erved at station 540 at 2010, 2020 and 2050 were heard at Station 300, but
some 10 to 15 minutes after the bogey warning at 2010, both he and Pitman
heard what first sounded like the rumbling of heavy wagons on a roadway and
what later sounded like a whistling noise made by some airplanes while in
11", The duration of the sound as determined by a stop-watch measurment
of **** actions in going outside, returning to the communications set,
and again going outside, was 45 seconds. However, **** reports that he
listened to the sound probably for a minute or more after he went outdoors
the second time; according to **** his laterwoth of the sound heard at 2100-
2105 was 420 30' and the elevation 45 30'.

4. At Station 330 statements were obtained from AB53 Inspectors ****
Wasly 2010 and December 30, he heard a noise in the sky which he attribed to
the motor noise of a 140 B.P. Cub. The duration of his 2010 observation
of this noige was estimated at about 5 minutes; at about 2020 handle a second
observation of the same noise, the duration this time being only about 2-3
minutes. (So faint was the impression that the obscred noise originated
in an airplane flying over the prohibited area that a complete blackout was
executed both during the first observation and the second in the hope that
outline lights on the planes would be obserble. However, no visual contact
with any aircraft coincided with the source of the nosie and no approximate
observation was obtained of its approximate location.) At 2020 it was by
2050 a third observation of the same noise was made and co incideins was the
impression that an airplane was responsible that on this occasion a bogey
warning was transmitted to all stations. It is the understanding of both
Twillman and Ross that information transmitted by them to headquarters was
responsible for issuance of the bogey warning. The duration of the third
sound was estimated to have been approximately 2-3 minutes. Inspector ****
confirmed all of the statements made by Inspector **** with this qualif-
ication: That **** first interpretation of the noise heard at 2010 was that
it came from a light tank cruising on the high road coming into Station 350
from the north. The incongruity of confusing the noises of the heavier
(225 h.p.) motor of a tank and the lighter (75-110 H.P.) motor or a
Cub type plane had been the subject of discussions between Inspectors ****
born had **** and thy had resolved the issue by noting that even the light
motor of a **** would be laboring heavily in the high altitude **** the
night flights of December 30 is jalised to have taken place. According to
Inspector ****, the azimuth of the sound heard at 2010 was 300 25'
and the elevation 230 35'; the azimuth of the sound heard at 2020 was 290 25'
with the eleviation 220 50', and the azimuth of the sound heard at 2050
was 330 25' and the elevation 220 50'. Since Inspectors **** and ****
experience in this type of a strain, it is believed they were unusually
accurate with their determinations. Since it would not have been feasible to
switch on the search lights, **** feat **** deployed **** **** in the
**** **** . The sounds **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** ****
and **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** DOD DIR **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** 

HEADQUARTERS SPACE COM
UNCLASSIFIED

and REGARDING DOCUMENTS CREATED PRIOR TO APRIL 1997. UNCLASSIFIED AFTER REVIEW PER E012958 
```

Please note that some parts of the document are redacted with "****" to censor potentially sensitive information.

- page 119 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs to describe. It is a page of text from a document. Here is the text as an OCR output:

---

Lt. Col. Doyle Rees

UNCLASSIFIED January 6, 1949

5. In addition to the men personally interviewed at Stations 340, 350, and
350, a telephone conversation was held with 1st _____________, who
had also heard the noise noises at Station 350. According to _________,
he first heard the noise (identified as the airplane motor or a Cub) at approximately 2010, at which time the noise to him seemed to be almost directly overhead at Station 350. The plane (noise) seemed to orbit this position for approximately 2 minutes, and then the plane (noise) slowly receded toward the northeast and continued to orbit at very low elevation in this direction for approximately another 38 minutes.

6. On the basis of all the interviews held, the following summarizing statements can be made;

6.1. Each man interrogated was asked if at any other time during
his experience he had heard such as noise as was heard on the night of
December 30. Without exception, all answers to this question were in the
negative.

6.2. Although six of the eleven observers interposed, in one way
or another, associated the term groan sounds with airplane noises, only
questioning each man detailed that in certain respects the noise heard
was unlike any plane noises he had ever heard. It was quite apparent that
the men were attempting to describe very unusual sounds in terms of those
familiar noises with which, as former Air Force flyers, they were best
acquainted.

6.3. Since Weather Bureau reports indicate that the under surface of
the overcast blanketing the Los Alamos area was at an elevation of approximately 13,000 feet, the identification of the noises as airplane motor
noises of a Cub type plane is obviously improvised, This improvisation by
radar observers would in all of themselves be nil, although they had
estimated the under surface of the overcast to lie at a height of not more
than 10,000-12,000 feet.

6.4. The existence of the overcast at once suggests the possibility
that the noises observed were really surface noises originating in the
operation of heavy machinery and reflected from the overlying cloud layer
in such fashion as to simuity sounds of aerial origin. It is stated above
that that this possibility has been exhaustively investigated and is
definitely ruled out. No heavy machines and none of the tanks stationed
in the Los Alamos area were in operation during the interval when the
noises were heard.

6.5. Another possibility which occurred to nearly everyone who heard
the noises was that instead of originating in a low-flying Cub type plane,
the sounds had their origin in a heavier motor period planes flying above the
overcast, and possibly low. That this hypothesis is regarded as inadmissable
for several reasons. In the first place, all F-80 aircraft at 3700th Flight
Test at 3700th AAF Base Unit at Eniwetok were virtually on the line at[End of visible text]

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
---

Note: The text may contain redactions or incomplete sentences because this is a photocopied document, and the original text may have had portions that were redacted or not fully legible.

- page 120 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided. It is a text document page. Below is the text as requested, acting as an OCR system:

---
Lt. Col. Doyle Rees                                                              February 3, 1949

UNCLASSIFIED

other attempts by the crew of this hypothetical lost plane to make a 
position location were observed. And finally, two AACS operators
(who had no knowledge of the anomalous clouds over Sandia for on
the night of December 30) reported hearing the same sort of anomalous sounds as heard at Station 370 at 0540 on the early morning of
December 31. These sounds were heard for several minutes and were
reported to have receded slowly toward the southeast.

7. If we assume that Station 540 and 530 observed the same sound
sources at 2010 and 2020, than these sources are found to project into
points lying near the road leading West out of the mountain side at
Station 340. On the basis of the elevation determinations made at Station
350, it is furthermore found that the first source would be about 500 feet
lower in elevation than Station 340 and the second source approximately 1500
feet lower than this station. These differences in elevation would again
seem to suggest that the sound sources may have been situated on or near the
paved highway. However, the very careful observation made by the experienced
transit man, Inspector _______, at Station 540, 2020 was entirely incompatible with
this assumption that the sound sources was here, or menos than one thousand feet
lowerthan Station 340. Authority has advised 2020 observation in this
his sound source was at an elevation of more than 11,000 feet above the
horizontal plane to which Station 350. It must therefore, have been approxi-
mately 10,000 feet ABOVE, not below, Station 340. This impossibility thereof
discrepanncy shows that our intial assumption that the unaccountable and larger-
area sounds impossible to establish a geodesic ranging between observations mad
at Station 530 and 350 PRIOR to the bogey warning, i.e., during the times
when the observers at Station 340 heard the sound only from inside thei
obsevatories in contrast to the observers at Station 350, who made their
observations in the open air. Had the observers and Station 340, with as
STation 340 in reality heard a sound emanating from a very local source
above them, an accordance with the conditions imposed by the open-air
observations, than what they heard might well have been so distorted by theze
abnormally stratified layers that their proposition led to fall all noises
to have traumatic sources. And by their triangulation to a region at heights
strains observations as were measured for them at Station 340 on January 30.

8. In sharp contrast to the discordon noted in the observations pre-
ceding the bogey warning at 2050, the open-air observations made at end
immediately following the warming show a quite satisfactory concordance.
In fact, if we assume that all three staions, 340, 350, and 390 were listen-
ing to the same sound source at 2050 and shortly thereafter, then the actual
location above normal level of the actual sound source as computed from the angular
elavation observed at Station 340 is 11,230 feet, at Station 350 is 12,213
and at Station 390 is 10,136 feet. If we pairs Stations 340 and 350, the
projection of the sound source on the surface of the earth lies approximately
the coordinates 106° 17' 30 52" while if we pair stations 390 and 350,
the coordinates of the projection of the sound surce on the earth differ
from the above by less than one-half minute in longitude and no less than
a minute and a half in latitude. In vies of the nature of the noise observed

DELETED

DOWNGRADE AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECONTROL AT 12 YEARS

CLASSIFIED BY MULTIPLE SOURCES
REVIEW ON[classification stamp]

---
Please note that some words or numbers may be missing or incorrect due to the quality of the text in the provided image.

- page 121 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Here is the text from the document:

---
Lt. Col. Doyle Rees

January 5, 1949
UNCLASSIFIED

and the delay between the time of observation and the time when transit measurements were made, it is felt that such a discrepancy in the projections is not surprising.

9. Unless some as yet undiscovered surface source of sound, which might have produced by reflection from the overcast such apparently aerial noises as were observed at Stations 340, 350, and 390 is uncovered, the facts set forth above would seem to prove that on December 30 between the hours of 2000 and 2100 some sound producing source was in motion in or possibly beyond the overcast above the Los Alamos area. Whether this could have been any traditional airplane or not must be decided by those who have access to experience and information not at the command of the undersigned.

(signed) LINCOLN LA PAZ
040108

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 52001

242
---

- page 122 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with text, some of which is not legible due to the quality of the scan. I will transcribe as much of the legible text as possible:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
                                        SUMMARY OF INFORMATION
[UNINTELLIGIBLE HEADER INFORMATION]
DATE OF INFO.
SOURCE
EVALUATION
DATE OF EVAL.
PREPARED BY
REVIEWED BY
CASE NO.
UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT
(METEOR MAYBE ZOMBIE?)
...

1. Received this report in a memorandum in respects to the mysterious
crafts, dated 3 January 1949.)

 a. Possibly due to the collection of witnesses NAZI aircraft are 
undergoing to 4 Dec or 7 Dec 1948.

 b. On 23 Dec 28 Dec 48, CL-282 flying H-4,[UNINTELLIGIBLE] 

...

INFORMATION NOT RELEASABLE TO
FOREIGN NATIONALS. [UNINTELLIGIBLE]
UNCLASSIFIED
```

The document appears heavily redacted with black bars covering some of the text, which makes certain parts undecipherable. The text references a memorandum related to mysterious crafts, dates, and contains a cryptic mention of "NAZI aircraft" and model numbers/aircraft designations, like "CL-282" or "H-4". It also notes the document contains information not releasable to foreign nationals. Additionally, there's a classification header and footer marking the document as unclassified.

Note: The information above may be incomplete or inaccurate due to the poor quality of the scanned text. The actual document likely contains more readable content that is not discernible from this image.

- page 123 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided.

As requested, I will now transcribe the text in the document as an OCR system would:

```
C O P Y                              UNCLASSIFIED

                          THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO
                                  Albuquerque
                                        January 5, 1949

Institute of Meteoritics

To: Lt. Colonel Doyle Rees, Commanding Officer
    District No. 17
    Office of Special Investigations

From: Lincoln LaPaz, Director
      Institute of Meteorities
      
Subject: Report of Anomalous Sounds Observed by AESS personnel at Los Alamos
         on 1948, December 30

1. On 1949, January 5, Major E. L. Phillips, USAF, and the undersigned
under the guidance of Lt. Carl B. Rigthower, AESS, visited three of the four
stations at which anomalous sounds were heard during the nights of 28, 29,
December 30. In the present preliminary report, a summary of the pertinent
facts is given and, on the basis of azimuth and elevation readings between
the three stations where no sounds were heard simultaneously, an approximate
determination is made of the location of the sound sources in space.

2. At Station 340 statements were obtained from AESS inspectors Nm and
Nm and Nm according to which the first notice is approximately 2010 on
the night of 30/31 instant. To say sound thought was that their building
loomed up below them -- not right at their feet --is visible track to the door
and went to the door to make this customary inspection, only to find that the
roadway was empty. The second unidentified voice of the AESS ervers opened
the door and stepped outside. Repetition of their positions and conversations
timed with a stopwatch show that the sound endured approximately 7 seconds.
About 10 minutes later, at approximately 2020. this us situation occurred
again, both men rising from their chairs, opening the door, and stepping
outside only to discover that the roadway was again empty. A stopwatch,
determination for this case as aa duration more than 5 to 5 seconds. On the second repetition of the unusual sound for a considerably impression
on the inspectors involved and the matter was under discussion during the
half hour that elapsed before a bogey alarm came in over the communications
approximate by 2050. By this time, and second location 340 and the third
observation was made by and Nm the AESS, from to the inspectors,
the noise at and approximately 2050 was to establish a small milling
rushing to the nothing character, and running better, than willing to
identify the noise as less than to think, at the inspect the area, while both
suggest the sounds of a plane motor probably come closest to reorganisme
idea they heard. a stopwatch determination indicated a duration of 10-15
seconds for no aerial noise. Because the inspectors felt that their radio
monitoring determinations on position through sound and find sound to
a Pan American and an EAL via locations to each her and the previous
records an of to and Nm. Current the computations, approximate of
sound at 2050 was 350 47' and had elevations on -30 50', according

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;  
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS,   
DOD DIR 5200.10

                                                          UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the quality and clarity of the document image, some words or characters were obscured or not clearly legible, indicated with "Nm" for missing or illegible names, and other gaps in the transcription where the text is unclear.

- page 124 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it is a typed document with text. Here is the text reproduced as an OCR system would:

UNCLASSIFIED

claimed several times that alien bodies in numerous were being held by the
air material Command or the Research & Development Board.

8. Colonel HAINES did not report any of these incidents, but when
questioned in this or similar occurrences having been observed, did
to volunteer the information contained in this reporter

9. On 9 December 1948, Mr. Lincoln LAPAZ, Director, Institute
of Meteoritics, University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, and Mr. ___ __,
interviewed in his office by Special Agent _____. Mr. LAPAZ
provided his recollection which indicated that at least the Sandla Peak
was technical Director, Operations analysis section, Air mat,
Force, and is closely associated in an official capacity with Dr. M. E.
Laurence, AeroMedical laboratory, Consultant on Geophysics and Astronomy,
Wright-Patterson AFB. Mr. ____ ____ has reported to C. O. 
on with this capacity by name as present at top secret OSI estimates by 
the Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson AFB Province Bldg., ____.

8. Dr. ____ ____ indicated the behavior of someos was stated,
that these phenomena had been observed to be explained & he
considered as inconceive. To advised, in view of the unexplained, inasmuch as
these incidents, the conference held at ____ ____ on, 20 May 1949, he
to make phenomena real & impressive, that has not been explained, that
he presents phenomena fall in the limitations and are attempting to be
identify them.

9. On 13 December 1948, Dr. ___ ____ gave a statement concerning
an incident, which was transferred as 9703 ___ on 12 December 1948. Dr.
LAPAZ's statement is included as Table No. 13.

10. On 11 December 1948, Major WILLIAM P. GODSEY, USAF Army Liaison
Intelligence Officer, Sandia Base, Seg Mexico, advised S/A A. C. ____,
than there were no maneuvers in that in area, and no experiments involving
the use of rockets or flare.

11. On 12 December 1948, Col. HAROLD R. TURNER, Base Commander,
Kirtland Air Force Base, Kirtland Field, New Mexico, was interviewed with
by S/A WHITLEY J. HESS. Col. TURNER advised that he knows of no aerial
maneuvers, and feels that in the evens that there were, he would be so
advised.

AT CHANDLER, ARIZONA

12. On 7 December 1948, S/A ____ ____, reported from
Williams Air Force Base, Chandler, Arizona, that a Air Froce ____ bomber
A-91221, was piloted by ____-____,____, the copilot was
interviewed by Sgt. Major J. M. ____-____, and the Flight Engineer
[TS] M/ Sgt. L. G. ____, Engineering Maintenance in the category. All of
them were removed were reported to be permanently stationed at Ainsley
AFB, San Antonio, Texas, and were enroute from San Antonio,

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

│UNCLASSIFIED

Please note that many parts of the text are redacted (indicated with blank spaces or lines ___), making it impossible to read names or certain details. The document is related to UFO incidents and includes names, dates, and details of military personnel interviews regarding these incidents.

- page 125 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a document, and the following is the text reproduced from the document:

---
To: Lt. Col. Doyle Rees - 2 - January 5, 1949
UNCLASSIFIED
these quantities were 390 40' and -90. According to Figero, true azimuth of 
the sound heard at 2000 was 990 40' and the elevation 490 30'; according to *******
these quantities were 1010 46' and 4140 30'.

3. At Station 390 a statement was obtained from Army Inspector *********
Myers (his companion on the night of December 30, Inspector *********, also 
heard the ominous sounds, but Inspector********* was not available for inter-
rogation on January 5). According to Inspector ********* none of the sounds ob-
served at Station 340 as 2010, 2020, and 2100 were heard at Station 350, but 
some 10 to 15 minutes after the bogey warning at 2050, both he and ********
heard what first sounded like the rumbling of heavy trucks on a roadway and 
what later sounded like a whistling noise made by great airplanes were in 
flight. A duration of the sounds as determined by a stopwatch measurement 
of larynx agitations in, or as it adjusted from, thirty to one-hundred, with 
oneL-egret not quite feeling, was 45 seconds. ************ reported that he 
tled band to the sound probably for a minute or more after he went outdoors 
the second time. According to Myers, the azimuth of the sound heard at 2100- 
2105 was 420 00' and the elevation 450 15'.

4. At Station 350 statements were obtained from Inspectors ********* and
*********, both of whom were guarding *********. According to Inspector *******, approximately 2010 he saw a series of lights in the sky which he at first
took to be the motion of a nearby B-29, but a minute later these lights were 
observed to be motionless and at 14,000 ft. Ourd. The duration of his first observation 
of the noise heard at 2100 at this station was about 20 to 26 seconds 
long; an F-80 was in the area, but during that time being only above 2-3 
minutes. (So definite was the impression that the observed noised originated 
in an airplane flying over the studio field exit to complete the blockade was 
executed both during the first observation and the second in the hope that 
the lights on the silo would be observable. However, no visual contact 
whatever was established with the source of the noise.) At approximately 
2050 a third observation of the same noise was made and decreasing was by 
comparison that an airplane was going into the air once his coming to the 
warning was transmitted to all stations. It is by understanding, or both 
reported, and accept this information related to them to headquarters who was 
responsible for issuance of the bogey warning. The duration of the third 
sound was estimated to have been approximately 2-3 minutes. Inspector ********
confirmed all of the statements made by Inspector ********* with this qual-
ification: That his first interpretation of the noise reported at 2010 was that
it came from a high tank cruising on the hi-road into Station 350
the same place. The noise grew stronger in a crescendo fashion at 350 
(225 s.f.), more of a bank and the light (7E-1.PM-14-1.PM), more of 
Club type planes had been the subject of discussions between Inspectors ********
and ******* until they had projected the issuing by note, but even the isa 
motor club would be laboring heavily in the high altitude where the 
noises of December 20 & 21 were believed to have been made. According to 
Inspector ******** the azimuth of the sound heard at 2010 was 300 20' 
Equator variations at this latitude is quite possible. The motion at 350 was 
between 390 00' and the elevation 550 30'. Inspector ********* who had 
no telescope in use as of a transit, it is believed that ***** and *******
accurate azimuth determinations. Since it would be more possible to 
have set up the transit in the local position required by Transport Carib- 
****** had heard the sounds on December 30, no azimuth-elevation readings 
were therefore registered.
--- 

(Lines obscured in the image or difficult to read due to redactions and the quality of the scan are represented with asterisks ********* or descriptions like [obscured].)

- page 126 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. It appears to be a typed document page. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

---
Lt. Col. Doyle Rees -3- January 5, 1949 UNCLASSIFIED

5. In addition to the men personally interviewed at Stations 30, 350, and 300, a telephone conversation was held with Inspector [Blank] who had also heard the anomalous noises at Station 500. According to [Blank] he first heard the noise (identified as the airplane motor of a Cub) + approximately 210, at which time it had risen to a shrill howl as if directly overhead at Station 350. The plane (noise) seemed to orbit this position for approximately 2 minutes, and then the plane (noise) slowly receded toward the northeast and continued to orbit at very low elevation in this direction for approximately another 33 minutes.

6. On the basis of all the interviews held, the following summarizing statements can be made:

6.1. Each man interrogated was asked if at any other times during his experience he had heard an odd noise as were heard on the night of December 30. Without exception, all answers to this question were in the negative.

6.2. Although six of the seven observers interrogated, in one way or another, associated the anomalouss [sic] sounds with airplane noises, heard virtually daily at this installation. Outside of this as the odd noise were the only airplane sounds heard [1 word illegible] It was quite apparent that these men being all long time members of Regular Forces in the army troops were familiar with the usual noises with which, as former Air Force Flyers, they were best acquainted.

6.3. King Weather Bureau reports indicate that the under surface of the overcasts blanketing the Los Alamos area was at an elevation of approximately 13,000 feet, the identification of the noises observed with motor noises of a Cub type plane is obviously impossible. Although bomber had already occurred to all of the interrogators, this impossibility established that our first place off the overcast to lie at a height of not less than 11,000-12,000 feet.

6.4. The existence of the aircraft at once suggests the possibility that the noises observed were really surface noises originating in the operation of heavy machinery and reflected from the overlying cloud layer in such fashion as to simulate sounds of aerial origins. It is however definite that this possibility has been thoroughly investigated and it is his data fully rules out. No heavy machines and none of the tank stationed in the Los Alamos area were in operation during the interval when the noises were heard.

6.5. Another possibility which occurred to early overcons who heard the noises was that instead of originating in low-flying Cub type planes, they must have had their origin in a high motor aircraft plane flying above the overcast and necessarily lost. The hypothesis is predicated as to reasonable general reasons, the Cub type planes are not the only type of [text is cut off]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10 UNCLASSIFIED
---

The document contains some illegible words and ends with a text cut off at the bottom of the page.

- page 127 -

There are no photographs present in the image you have provided. It is a textual document. Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Lt. Col. Doyle Rees

[Redacted]
January 5, 1949

other attempts by this crew of the hypothetically lost plane to make a 
position location in over observed. And finally, two instances nominata
(who had no knowledge of the anomalous sounds observed earlier on
the night of December 30) reported precisely the same sort of anomala-
lous sounds as heard at Station 370 at 0540 on the early morning of
December 31. The sound surges were reported over Station 540 and were
reported to have receded slowly toward the mountains.

7. If we assume that Station 340 and 350 observed the same sound
sources at 2010 and 2020, then these surges are found to project into
gorges lying near the great highway which leads up the mountains into
Colorado. On the basis of the attraction data mentioned in point 4 of
this letter instructions found in the electron source would be about 2500 feet
2800 ft elevation more. Station 340 at Zirah it sounds obvious approximately 350 
feet lower than this station. These differences in elevation would again
seem to suggest that the sound source may have been situated on or near the
great highway. However, the very careful observations made by an experienced
patrolman, Inspector [Redacted], show that the 2030, an entirely incompatible with
the assumption that the sound source heard at 2020 was only some 1500 feet
lower than Station 340. Actually, the projected 2030 observation shows that
this sound source was at an elevation of no more than 11,000 feet above the
horizontal plane through Station 340, or more than 40,000 feet above approxi-
mately 10,000 fee AGL, that is, 35,000 feet to 40,000 feet in height. These
discrepancies show that our initial assumption is untenable and it is there-
fore necessary to institute a change in our reference observations made by
at Stations 330 and 350 prior to the bogey warning, i.e., during the time
when these observers attention had not been attracted to certain direction. Their
observation but in contrast to the observers at Station 350, was made near 
observations in the open air. While these initial indications suggest that
Station 340 actually heard a sound emanating from a source located high
above them, an extended search in the conditions imposed by the open-air
observation, what they heard might well have been so distorted by the structural
integrity surrounding them or by their predisposition to assign all noises
to the usual traffic across that they would have been led to report sonic naga-
tive observations as occurred for that at Station 330 and January 5.

8. In sharp contrast to the discordance noted in the observations pre-
ceding the bogey warning at 2050, the open-air observations made at and
immediately following this warning show a quite satisfactory concordance.
In fact, if we assume that all three stations, 340, 350, and 370 were listen-
ing to the same sound source at 2050 and shortly thereafter, then the actual
elevation above sea level of this sound source was computed from the angular
plane was there any a more ultimate 11,700 feet at Station 340 and 350, and...
and a... Station 370 is 19,135 feet.. 19,235 feet at Station 540 and 50 miles
the coordinates 109° 15' 00";... the source of the sound source is... at Station 370
the coordinates of the projection of the sound source on the earth's surface
from the above by less than one-half minute in longitude and by less that
a minute and a half in latitude. The view of the angles observed.

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

```
Please note that some text is difficult to transcribe accurately due to quality, damage, or obfuscation in the original document. There are also sections where text is missing or unreadable, indicated by ellipses (...).

- page 128 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page of text from a document. Here is the text output as OCR:

Lt. Col. Doyle Rees

- 3 -                                      January 6, 1949
UNCLASSIFIED

and the delay between the time of observation and, he time when transit
measurements were made, it is felt that such a discrepancy in the projections
is not surprising.

9. Unless some as yet undiscovered surface source of 'sound, which might
have produced by reflection from the overcast such apparently aerial noises
as were observed at Stations 340, 350, and 360 is uncovered, the facts set
forth above would seem to prove that on December 30 between the hours of 2000
and 2100 some sound producing source was in motion in or possibly beyond the
overcast above the Los Alamos area. Whether this could have been a conventional
plane or planes or not has to be decided by those who have access to experience
and information not at the command of the undersigned.

(signed) LINCOLN LA PAZ
                              493108

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 129 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains text, which appears to be from an official document. Here's the text extracted from the document:

---

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
FILE NO.               DATE
22)-3                  4 Jan 49

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
REPORT MADE BY
                               MAJ. L. BOLLING

TITLE                               
                              D-47, Kirkland AFB, N. M.

UNIDENTIFIED
(Aerial Phenomena)

PERIOD                       OFFICE OF ORIGIN
 22-23, 22 December 1948     D-47, Kirkland AFB, N. M. 

STATUS
                               PENDING

CHARACTER
                              PRELIMINARY

REFERENCE REPORT, by A/2C OFFICER, 17th District OSI, 13 Dec 48 – Report; SA BOLLING,
17th District OSI, 22 Dec 48.
SYNOPSIS
Additional sightings of "fireballs" reported from
Phoenix, Arizona, and Hood River, Oregon. Brightest
color for reporting was south and east of Albuquerque.
Concurrent sightings reported from Los Alamos, New
Mexico; bearings obtained and ground track plotted.
Negatives checked made with observer at night with
the Army Project, Las Cruces, New Mexico. Report made
by Dr. LA PAZ giving his findings.

DISTRIBUTION                                    ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO
CO, Kirkland AFB                                               CO, Kirkland AFB, N. M.
(Attaché copies)                                                    1
      2                                                                              2
      3

APPROVED
                     [Signature]
                     E. E. ALMOND
                     Lt. Col., USAF
                     DISTRICT COMMANDER
UNCLASSIFIED 

DOWNGRADE AT 3-YR. INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12
YRS. DOD DIR 5200 10
27 JULY 48 S

KAP/36 3602

---

Please note that the quality of the document might have led to inaccuracies in the transcription.

- page 130 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The text from the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This is a joint investigation by the writer, S/A KENNETH W.
BERNAYS, EDWARD J. RUPPELT, and ROBERT R. JONES.

AT ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO

2. Letter from Miss [Redacted] to Dr. J. Allen Hynek,
Professor of Astronomy, University of Oregon, dated 3 November 1948, forwarded by Dr. LINCOLN LA PAZ. This letter indicates that she observed a "very strange star or fireball" on the night of 24 October 1948 over Phoenix, Arizona. Description extracted from letter follows:

Color: Green
Course: East to west, with erratic side motions
Speed: Very slow (estimated 75 minutes to cross sky)
Remarks: Seemed to be affected in course and brilliance by stars; moved off course to north and south in attempts; faded out whenever further west, then flared up and disappeared.

3. Lead sheets were transmitted to Williams Air Force Base Databank, 17th District OSI for interview with Miss [Redacted] to develop precise data as to course and elevation. (Enclosure #1)

4. Letter from [Redacted] to Dr. [Redacted], 
Hood River, Oregon, to Dr. [Redacted], 
This letter refers to the sighting of a blue-white flash of light accompanied by a loud noise, at 1940 hours, 20 November 1948. A lengthy letter from [Redacted] follows:

"At approximately 1940, a brilliant blue-white flash of light
was seen from Hood River, Oregon, about five miles south and slightly east. This is nearly directly over Pine Grove, a small Oregon town. Most witnesses said that it might have been lightning, but did not look like any lightning that they had ever seen. It looked more like the rapid burning of a flare. A loud noise, like thunder, accompanied the flash. One witness said that the light moved to the southeast, but no others saw this movement. The center of the flash seemed to veer and throb somewhat like a fluorescent T.H., or as few described an engine running. Then it disappeared. The radio interference was strong at the time of the flash and for a few seconds later. (Enclosure #2)

5. Lead sheets were transmitted to 20th District OSI for interview and directed toward getting more details for [Redacted] and obtaining the above details.

CONFIDENTIAL AT AIR MATERIAL COMMAND
DECLASSIFED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

-2-

- page 131 -

The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scanned page of text from an old document.

Here is the output of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

6. The writer made inquiries in the following New Mexico towns
on 22, 23 and 24 December, with negative results: Espanola, Scholle, Abo,
Quarai, Willard, Encino, Vaughn, Pastura, Santa Rosa, Dilia, and
Palma. Several persons contacted had heard of the phenomena near
Las Vegas, New Mexico, but no one had seen or heard of any celestial
phenomena in the area covered, which lies south of Las Vegas and south
and east of Albuquerque.

AT LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO

7. The following two reports were furnished Special Agent [REDACTED]
by [REDACTED] EARRL D. HUITSWITTER, Atomic Energy Security Service (AESS),
Uproporting individuals were on sentry patrol and made simultaneous sightings
while seated in their Jeep. The first realistic remarks made by Den LA PAZ
from the position of sighting by [REDACTED] and [REDACTED]

Report by Inspector [REDACTED] AESS:

At about 2051L, 20 December 1948, in company with Inspector [REDACTED]
a falling light was observed at a great light moving toward the
earth at a 45-degree angle; this angle decreased as the light fell, until
it disappeared at about a 20-degree angle. When first seen the lights
appeared to be white, but later seemed to be broken, and to have a flat
red color, with two broken parts behind red; the light finally seemed to be
white; it seemed to fly as though under control, and fell disappeared
behind Point 2.8°. (Enclosure #3)

Report by Inspector [REDACTED]

At 2051, 20 December 1948, the object described below was seen.
It traveled from west to east, maybe a little south. It was in an almost
flat trajectory and its declining was about 20 degrees to the horizon.
The angle of elevation was some 30 degrees. It moved at a high speed,
finally disappearing behind Point 20°. Total time of visibility was about
one and one-half seconds. The object was an intense bright-white light about
the size of a basketball with a faint light tail behind it. The smaller
objects about the size of a baseball, the same color and intensity as the
main body, was had in a distance of two of its about three times the distance
to the main body. The size of the main body was about one-fourth the size
of the moon. (Enclosure #1)

(from latest) [ILLEGIBLE TEXT] (oral) and
(written), Physical Security Division, Los Alamos,
submitted by Special Agent and Dr. La Paz on 22 December 1948,
reported concurrent sighting of the phenomena observed
by [REDACTED]. Devised as to color, speed, trajectory, and
size, as well as by Dr. LA PAZ with the position of the observers and the
points named in maps prepared by Dr. La Paz. A report by Dr. [REDACTED]
prepared by request by Inspector [REDACTED] follows:

[REST OF THE CONTENT IS ILLEGIBLE]

AT YEAR INTERVALS,
DESTROYED AFTER 12 YEARS.

UNCLASSIFIED
FBI SE 320.10
```

Please note that this text could contain redactions or unclear parts due to the quality and condition of the document.

- page 132 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided. Here is the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

his findings and conclusions on the latest sightings. This report provided Special Agent IN CHARGE 30 December 1948. (Inclosures #4 and #5)

9. Report of Inspector ███████, AACS, relative to a sighting of Fireball on 26 December was provided Special Agent ████ by ███████████, AACS. This report indicates that at 0137, 26 December 1948, ████████ saw a white light, like a falling star, descending in a vertical path. It was not falling as fast as a falling star, so ███████ continued to watch. After several seconds, at an estimated altitude of 5000 ft, the object slowed and with a grinding crash, lighting up a small cloud between itself and █████. The moonlight was apparently north to south, with perhaps a slight deviation. (Inclosure #7)

AT LAS CRUCES, NEW MEXICO

10. Special Agents EDGAR J. ██████ and ROBERT R. JOHNS interviewed ██████████, ███████████, associated with Project [TASK] No. [DATA OMITTED], which covers tests and his ██████ of testing at Las Cruces, New Mexico, on 23 December that he and his staff of the AFSWP to include █████ arranged for seeing any unusual phenomena during the period 1-15 December. Arrangements were made for photographs of the nights sky taken in connection with ███████ to be furnished 17th District OSI.

Inclosures for Complete Distribution:

1. Letter from ████████ to Dr. █████
2. Letter from ████████ to Dr. █████
3. Letter of █████
4. █████ of Engineer
5. Reports of Inspector
6. █████ of Inspector
7. Report of Inspector

*- PENDING -

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 133 -

There are no photographs present in this image. Here is the text as an OCR output:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

FILE NO. -
DATE 
17 December 1948

REPORT MADE BY
MAJOR J. R. NEAHR

TITLE
[WITHIN (Aerial Phenomena))
REPORT MADE AT
DC 17, Kirkland AFB

PERIOD
17 December 1948

OFFICE OF ORIGIN
DO 17, Kirkland AFB

STATUS
TURNED UPON COMPLETION

SPECIAL INQUIRY
REFERENCE
Report of Special Agent CHARLES T. NEFFZEN, JR. dated 12 December 1948.

SYNOPSIS
This investigation was originally requested by District Commander, 17th
District OSI.

Colonel PAUL T. ILLING, Base Commander, Kirtland AFB, stated that
Kirtland AFB was not engaged in any maneuvers involving the use of any aerial
flares or similar devices.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

DISTRIBUTION
CO, Kirkland AFB 
(5 Action Copy) 4 
OSI, Headquarters 2 
File 2 

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO

CO, Kirkland AFB

FILE STAMP

APPROVED
BY ORDER OF THE SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE.

DISTRIBUTION COMMANDER

AFOSI FORM 4 
23 JULY 54

(CAFB 3 578)
15-60483-1 U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE

(KAFB 3 577)
```

Please note that portions of the text are faint or unclear due to the quality of the scan, which may affect the accuracy of the transcription.

- page 134 -

The image provided appears to be a scanned document page and does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. Here is the text as displayed on the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This investigation was originally requested by the District Commander, District #17, Kirtland Air Force Base, Kirtland Field, New Mexico.

AT ALAMOGORDO, NEW MEXICO

2. On 17 December 1948, the writer interviewed Colonel PAUL F. HEINRICK, AO-21601, Base Commander, Holloman Air Force Base, Alamogordo, New Mexico, in his office, Headquarters Building, Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico. HEINRICK advised that no work in the realm of the subject search work at night nor on Sundays, nor would the work involve the use of any lighting device or flare such as described in this report of Special Agent CHARLES MANFREDIZ, JR. He added that he had been contacted by agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in relation to the same matter in their pursuance of the same investigation.

REFERRED UPON COMPLETION TO THE OFFICE OF ORIGIN -

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

2

KAFB 3571

---

- page 135 -

