There are no photographs present in this document. Here is the text as requested:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP             2. "ACTION   
8 April 49 08/2202               Los Angeles, California   3/4-2

3. SOURCE                        10. CONCLUSION
Civilian                         ----------

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS

ONE

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION

30 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION

Ground-Visual

7. COURSE

NW

8. PHOTOS

      Yes
      No[X]

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE

      Yes
      No[X]

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS

Obsrver sighted what appeared to be an aliminium-colored,
round, flat disc. It was in the lst in the center tapering to
thin edges. It was seen wh thick dark moving to thE N/W faster
than a jet. It left a very thin dark trail which dissipated
immediately. The object reflected the sun's rays and it
appersd to have many projections from it. It followed a xx
straight course and it seamed to be rotating,

FORM
FTD SEP 63-329 (TDE) Portions of this form may be used.
```

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text output from the document:

```
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

FILE NO. 24-15 DATE 1 June 1949
REPORT MADE BY ROBERT E. SCHIELHOUS
REPORT MADE AT DO #18
PERIOD DO #18
DATE 25 May 1949
OFFICE OF ORIGIN DO #18
STATUS CLOSED

CHARACTER
SPECIAL INQUIRY

REFERENCES
ltr., Headquarters, OSI, dated 20 May 1949, File 24-185

FLYING DISCS

This investigation was requested by Headquarters, OSI. Three witnessess were interviewed; Mr. ---------- ---------, and Mr. ----------. All agreed that they had seen an object which resembled a disc, flying a northwest course at a high altitude over Glendale, California, on 8 April 1949, at approximately 1400 hours. Visibility was excellent and the skies were cloudless. No military or civilian aircraft were scheduled in the vicinity and military units and civilian research organizations reported that no aerial testing devices had been released at the time that the aerial object, described as a disc, was observed.

DISTRIBUTION
CG, AMC 2 (action copies)
HQ OSI 1
DI, HQ USAF 1

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO
Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio
Attn: Director of Technical 
      Intelligence

APPROVED

[Signature]
PAUL M. NOLD
Major, USAF

DISTRICT COMMANDER

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of text from a document. Here is the text reproduced from the image:

Page 2 Incident 342

Name and address of observer: Mr. [Redacted] Los Angeles, Calif. Mr. [Redacted] Los Angeles, Calif. Mr. ... [Redacted], Los Ang

Occupation and hobbies: City employee Parks Dept. Laborer

Comments of interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s): 1. Considered highly reliable, above average intelligence 2. Considered reliable

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

A colored tractor driver employed by the Los Angeles City Parks and Recreation Department was interviewed on 25 May 1949. Information provided by [Redacted] was agreed in almost all respects with that given by [Redacted] observer, was seated on a bench next to a small tool shed and was approximately 300-ft north of the position occupied by [Redacted]
when he witnessed the flight of the object described as a "flying disc." [Redacted] declared that he saw no trail from the object whatsoever, and to him, the object appeared to be standing in a corner clockwise direction. Color, size, shape, altitude, direction and length of time of observance all agreed with the statements from [Redacted]. [Redacted] has been employed by the Los Angeles City Park and Recreation Department for about two and a half years since his discharge from the Army and is considered to be a reliable employee. His vision is unimpaired and he had no observations with the naked eye. [Redacted] has a limited education, but he was very sincere in his manner while telling of the object.

Also an [Redacted] Mexican laborer [Redacted] was interviewed on 25 May 1949 regarding his observance of the object described as a flying disc. [Redacted] whose position was near that of [Redacted]
became aware of the object when he saw [Redacted] holding up and followed [Redacted] gaze to the object. [Redacted] story agreed with the others in regard to altitude, direction, size, shape and speed, but [Redacted] stated that the object appeared to him to be turning over and over, in the same manner that a coin would which had been flipped into the air. He also denied seeing any reflections of any sort on the surface of the object. [Redacted] as a laborer who [Redacted] form, and at times he has been employed by the City of Los Angeles for the last 10 or more years and is considered to be a steady, reliable employee. His observations were made with the naked eye.

- page 3 -

There are no photographs present on this page. Here is the text from the document:

```
INCIDENT NO. 342

1. Date of Observation April 1949 Date of Interview 25 May 1949
2. Exact Time (local) 1100
3. Place of Observation Los Angeles, Calif. 34° - 03' North 118° 19' West
4. Position of observer Ground
5. What attracted attention to object Watching Plane in Sky
6. Number of objects one
7. Apparent size 1/2 or 10 cent piece at arms length
8. Color of object Aluminum (object glistened and shimmered in sun rays
9. Shape Round Flat (Disc). thick in center tapering to thin edge
10. Altitude 70-75° Elevation
11. Direction from observer East
12. Distance from observer
13. Direction of flight of object(s) NE
14. Time in sight 30 seconds
15. Speed Faster than jet (covered 150° in 35 seconds)
16. Sound and odor none
17. Trail Very thin dark trail which dissipated immediately
18. Luminosity Reflected suns rays
19. Projections Appeared to have bottom half vertical projections on upper side of disc
   No projections seen by 
20. Maneuvers + Straight course
21. Manner of disappearance passed over hill
22. Effect on Clouds no clouds
23. Additional Information concerning object To object appeared to be rotating
24. Weather Conditions Clear, visibility unlimited

(over)

DOWNLOADED AT AF HISTORICAL RESEARCH AGENCY
DELETED AFTER 12 YEARS
T50 DL Jul ....
```

- page 4 -

There are no photographs in the image you provided. Here is the text output from the document:

```
DETAILS: UNCLASSIFIED

1. This investigation was requested by Headquarters, OSI, by letter
dated 20 May 1949, in which it was stated that certain Department of Recre-
ation employees had reported seeing an object which resembled a disc in the
sky.

AT LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA

2. Mr. ****** interviewed on 25 May
1949, provided the following information regarding his observance of what
was believed to have been the "flying discs":

a. Date of observance: 8 April 1949

b. Exact local time: Unknown; approximate time: 1400 hours,

c. Place of observation: North latitude 34° 08' West longitude
113° 19'

d. Position of observer: Standing on a hillside to the west of
Griffith Park Drive as it winds through Griffith Park. There
are hills that rise about 150 feet on both sides of the road
limiting horizontal visibility in any direction.

e. ****** eyes were attracted skyward by a small civilian
aircraft (presumably a Piper Cub from nearby Grand Central
Airport) which was diving low over the park.

f. High above the aircraft which first attracted ******,
attention, he observed a round flat metallic object heading
into the northwest,

g. The object seemed to be flying at a great hight and appeared
to be about half the size of a 10¢ coin when it is held at
arm's length,

h. Its color was that of unpainted aluminum and it glistened and
shimmered in the rays of the sun.

i. Shape of object was round and flat; thick in the center and
tapering to a thin edge at the circumference, like a convex
lens in a magnifying glass.

j. When observed, the object was very high in the sky, estimated
at about 700 to 750 above the horizon.

k. It was first seen in the East and was observer as it traveled
into the northwest.

l. Direction was a straight northwest course.

m. Time in sight was approximately thirty seconds.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 5 -

There are no photographs present in the image you provided. Here is the text as it appears in the document:

```
CONTROL NO SUBJECT Ltr  DECIMAL FILE NO.     FOLLOW UP ON
R - 250 Flying Disc "CONF."                    DATE
FROM: TD-CAS
TO
RECORDING    A.T.-1  DATED 6/7/49                                
DESK ROUTED TO                                      Date  6/16/49   HOUR  1330
SUSPENSE DATE ESTABLISHED BY (INITIAL) DATE
T/S      NAR       FWT
                                                     
                                                     
                                                     
                                                     
DATE OF REPLY/ OTHER DISPOSITION:

TRANSMITTAL
AREA FLYING DISC OFF. 21
RD, 1949
SEE OTHER SIDE FOR REMARKS
```

- page 6 -

The image provided is a text document without any photographs. Here is the text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

n. Speed was estimated as slightly faster than that of a jet plane and it covered a 160° arc in approximately 35 seconds.

o. Sound and odor: none noted.

p. Distance from observer: Seemed to be flying a course which would be directly over the town of Glendale, California. Its course would be on an approximate line from San Diego to San Francisco.

q. Trail: It seemed to leave a very thin dark trail which dis-
sipated almost immediately.

r. Luminosity: Bright metallic color, reflecting sun's rays; gave off no light of its own.

s. Projections: Seemed to have between one and four vertical tube-like projections on the upper side of the disc.

t. Maneuvers: None; it flew a straight course.

u. Manner of disappearance: Lost to view over northwest rim of valley in which observer was standing.

v. Effect on clouds: No clouds. Day was clear and sky was cloudless.

w. Additional information concerning object; The manner in which the object glittered lead the observer to believe that it was rotating, although the direction of rotation was not clear.

x. The day was bright and visibility in all directions was ex-
ceptionally good. The sky was clear of clouds and haze.

y. Normally wears glasses but stated he was not wearing them at the time he observed this object. He has been employed by the City of Los Angeles for over eight years and is considered to be highly reliable. He apparently possesses above-average intelligence and seemed earnest and sincere regarding his observations.

3. Mr. ————————, a colored tractor driver employed by the Los Angeles City Park and Recreation Department was interviewed on 25 May 1949. Information provided by ————————, agreed in almost all respects with that given by ———————— and was approximately ———————— however, ———————— was seated on a bench next to a small tool shed when he witnessed the flight of the object, and ———————— in a truck cab, ———————— declared that he saw no trail from the object whatsoever, and to him the object appeared to be rotating in a counter-clockwise direction. Color, size, shape, altitude, direction and length of time of observance all agreed with the statements given by ————————, who has been employed by the Los Angeles City Park and Recreation Department for ————————

CONFIDENTIAL

3

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

about two and-a-half years since his discharge from the Army and is considered 
to be a reliable employee. His vision is unimpaired and he made his observations with the naked eye, claimed he has a limited education but he was very
sincere in his manner while telling of the object.

      4.  Mr. ------ ------, Mexican laborer, 10952----- 
Watts, Calif ronia also an employee of The Los Angeles City Park and Recreation
Department was interviewed on 25 May 1949 regarding his observance of the object
described as a "Flying disc," whose position was near that of
became aware of the object when he saw ----- looking up and followed 
gaze to the object. His story agreed with the others in regard to altitude, direction, size, shape and speed, but he stated that the object
appeared to him to be turning over and over, in the same manner that a coin
would which had been flipped into the air. He also denied seeing any projections
of any sort on the surface of the object. ----- is a laborer who has had no
formal education. He has been employed by the City of Los Angeles for a long
period of time and is considered to be a steady, dependable employee. His observations were made with the naked eye.

      5.  General Information; weather information of 8 April 1949 revealed
that skies were cloudless and visibility unlimited; winds aloft, 12,000 feet
were southeast at 25 knots. A check of commercial, private and military aircraft flying in the vicinity, failed to indicate that any aircraft had been flying northwest over Glendals, at or near 1100 hours on 8 April 1949. Checks with local military units, and the California Institute of Technology and the University of Southern California, failed to reveal the operation or release of any
testing devices in this area.

CLOSED

DECLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

