The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document page from Project Blue Book. Below is the text contained within the document:

---

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE + TIME GROUP
6 Jul 49 06/1950Z

2. LOCATION
For. Worth, Texas 391

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
North

8. PHOTOS
o Yes
x No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
o Yes
x No

10. CONCLUSION
BALLOON

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was the size of a fist at arm's length. Silver in color and appeared to be semi-transparent. No sound or exhaust trail. Radar sight unit at Carswell AFB unit released a balloon at 2000 local which passed over the position of the observer.

FORM

---

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image of the document.

Here is the text output:

```
UNCLASS. INCIDENT NO. 391
6 July 1949 Date of Interview 7 July 1949
1. Date of Observation 6 July 1949
2. Exact Time (local) 1350
3. Place of Observation Fort Worth, Texas
4. Position of observer On wing while working on B-36
5. What attracted attention to object Noticed while scanning sky
6. Number of objects 1
7. Apparent size Fist at arms length 3 in diam at distance
8. Color of object Silver-semi transparent
9. Shape Sphroid, similar to soap bubble
10. Altitude 900
11. Direction from observer West
12. Distance from observer 1 Mile
13. Direction of flight of object(s) South to North
14. Time in sight 15 Seconds
15. Speed 300 MPH
16. Sound and odor None
17. Trail None
18. Luminosity Reflection
19. Projections None
20. Manœuvres Straight flight
21. Manner of disappearance Behind obstacle
22. Effect on Clouds None
23. Radar contact at Carswell AF Unit Opposite position of observer.
24. Weather Conditions Scattered cumulus, unlimited visibility, good light.
(over)
UNCLASS.
```

- page 2 -

The image you provided does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. I will transcribe the text as requested:

---
UNCLASSIFI[...]

Page 2                       Incident [...]

Name and address of observer; 1st Lt [...]

7th Bomb [Wing...] E., Carswell Air Force Base, Fort Worth,
Texas

Occupation and hobbies;
Pilot
Aircraft [...]nder

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):
Possesses formal AEC clearance. Considered reliable.

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

Comments of Interrogator: Based upon the fact that a rawin balloon was in the
vicinity at approximately the time of sighting of the object, and the similarity
in description, too much credence cannot be attached to this report.

STATEMENT

On the 7 July 1949 at 1350 hours, I saw an unidentifiable object from a position
on the horizontal stabilizer of a B-36. I was assisting in the installation of a
control lock at the time, and from the position that I was in it was necessary for me
to look skyward for a period of ten or fifteen minutes. I feel that I would never
have seen the object had I not been in such a position. When I first saw the ob-
ject, I thought that my eyes were blurred or that I was seeing a reflection, there-
fore I closed my eyes and opened them again, and the object was still present.

The object was flying South to North at approximately 300 MPH, and appeared to
be approximately 3 inches in diameter. I was unable to judge either the size or
the altitude of the object with any accuracy. I feel certain that this object was
not a balloon, as it was flying in a horizontal plane and the speed was too great,
although it did resemble a child's soap bubble, being spherical in shape and semi-
transparent, silver in color. There was no sound or exhaust trail. Visibility at
the time of sighting; the object was good, there being scattered cumulus only.

I certify that the above statement is true and correct to the best of my
knowledge.

[Signature]             1st Lt., USAF

UNCLASSIFI[...]
---

Please note that some text is redacted or occluded, which I have indicated with [...].

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The document contains text only. Here is the output of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
                                                                        SAR/jh

HEADQUARTERS 7TH BOMBARDMENT WING, HEAVY
Carswell Air Force Base
Fort Worth, Texas

                                                                             18 July 1949

A2 333.5

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO:
      Commanding General
      Air Materiel Command
      Wright-Paterson Air Force Base
      Dayton, Ohio
      ATTN: MCIAO-3

Attached copies of Report of Unidentified Flying Object and
statement of the observer are submitted for your information.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:
      [Signature]
      SAM A. ROBERTS
      Major, USAF
      A-2

2 Incls
1. Investigation Rpt
   (In trip)
2. Statement
   (In trip)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS. 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 4 -

There is no photograph within this image. It appears to be a text document. Now I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION 
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS
 
Incident No. 2____

1. Date of Observation: July 1949__ Date of Interview: 7 July 1949___

2. Exact time of Observation (local): 1350 Central___________________

3. Place of Observation: Over Consolidated Aircraft Factory, Fort Worth,
   (Map Coordinates) Texas. 32° 47' / 97° 27' ".

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - give details):
   Workin, on B-36 aircraft parked on ramp in front of Control Tower
   at Carswell Air Force Base, Ft Worth, Texas

5. What attracted attention to object: Noticed while casually scanning sky.

6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or groupings: One (1)

7. Apparent size (compared to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or fist
   at arms length): 
   Fist at arms length.

8. Color of object: Silver, semi-transparents.

9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object):
   Spheroid, similar to soap bubble.

10. Altitude (angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
    90° overhead.

11. Direction from observer (angle clockwise from North): 9 o'clock:
    When first seen? When last seen?
    1350 Central                1351 Central

12. Distance from observer (adjacent to town, bldgs, etc., over which
    object appeared to be): One (1) mile

13. Direction of flight of object (°s): 360°

14. Time in sight: 15 Seconds

15. Velocity (time to cover given angular distance): 300 mph

16. Sound and odor: None

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

```
Please note that there is a partially redacted handwritten note at the bottom of the document, which is not fully legible.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image you've provided. It's a page from a document featuring typed text. Below is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

Page 2    Incident No. ____
Guide to Investigation

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.) ____

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of
    brilliance): Visible by reflected___

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, canopies, etc.): ____

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. - sketch of flight path):
    Straight and level.

21. Manner of disappearance: Disappeared behind far edge of scattered clouds.

22. Effect on clouds:
    none

23. Additional information concerning observed object: none

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting:
    Scattered clouds, otherwise visibility good 12-15 miles.

Name and address of observer: 1st Lt. __________., 493d Recon Sqdn.,
    7th Rec Sqdn., Carswell Air Force Base, Fort Worth, Texas.
Occupation and hobbies:
    Pilot.

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer
(check neighbors, police dept.; FBI records, employer, etc.):
    Has access to all [sic]clearance, Observer is an experienced observer
    and a Regular Air Force Officer. is considered very reliable.

Did observer wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at time of sighting,
or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material?
    Did not wear glasses. Observer was in the open.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DZR 5200.10

---

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this document.

As an OCR system, here is the output of the text found in the document:

```
Figure 3 UNCLASSIFIED Incident No. ____
Guide to Investigation
Relative to Rdrsr Sightings

1. No rdrsrs now operating on ground (r^cid n::d:,:l::.:,]

   a. Observations of direction, range, speed, altitude and size of targ:::.

   b. Did target execute any turns? If so, what angle (180°, etc., and
      what radius of turn. If radius of turn was not observable, how long did the
      target stay in the the turn and what was its speed?

   c. Note particularly any separation of distant target into several
      targets upon approach.

   d. Was rdrsr blip on cathods ray tubs well defined and consistent with
      size of object; faint; fading, pulsating at regular rate;

   e. Did rdrsr echo signal disappear suddenly or gradually?

2. If airborne, when object was sighted
      
   a. Were there any rdrsr indications or extra noise on radio circuits;

   b. Give estimates of size, speed, maneuvers, etc;

GENERAL

1. Teletype sequences of local weather conditions:
   1329 pm...45 c 12/09/71 at 9/99

2. Winds aloft report:
   2000 150° 15KT
   4000 210° 15KT
   6000 230° 20KT
   8000 240° 17KT
   10000 250° 15KT

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10 YE&k839

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Note: The document text includes a number of transcription errors, typographical errors, or unclear characters (indicated by ":::" or other characters), which could be due to the condition of the original document or the OCR process itself.

- page 7 -

The document does not contain any photographs.

Here is the output of all the text found in the document:

```
Page 4
Guide to Investigation UNCLASSIFIED Incident No. __

3. Local flight schedules of commercial, private and military aircraft 
flying in vicinity at the time:
(Check Canadian activity if close to border)
None reported.

4. Possible releases of testing devices in vicinity sent aloft by Ordnance, 
Navy, Air Force, Army, Weather Units, Research Organizations or any other; 
british compound or observed trajectory of device (meteorites, radar readings, 
etc.) Radar signals that at Carswell Air Force Base, Ft. Worth, Texas, released 
a rawin balloon at 12:01, Central, Standard. Course was "SS, 270° turn to right end 
passing over reported position of object.

5. If object contacted earth, obtain soil samples within and without de-
pression or spot where object landed for purposes of making comparison of 
soils. 
No contact observed.

6. Obtain photographs (or original negatives) where available; if not, se-
cure sketches of:
a. Object 
b. Surrounding terrain where object was observed
c. Place where object contacted earth (if this happened)
d. Manoeuvers
e. Formation (if more than two)

7. Secure signed statements. Attached.

8. Obtain fragments or physical evidence where possible. None

9. Comments of Interrogator:
Based upon the fact that a rawin balloon was in the vicinity at 
approximately the time of sighting of the object, and the similarity 
in description, too much credence cannot be attached to this report.
   
DECLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that there is redacted information, and some text seems to be official declassification markings, which I have included as-is.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a text document.

Here is the text from the document:

```
593/111

                   97th BOMBARDMENT SQUADRON H
               Office of the Intelligence Officer
                         Carswell Air Force Base
                         Fort Worth, Texas

                                                  UNCLASSIFIED

                                                 13 July 1949

                                       STATEMENT

      On the 7 July 1949 at 1350 hours, I saw an unidentifiable object from 
a position on the control stabilizer of a B-36. I was assisting in the 
installation of a horizontal stab trim tank and for the position that I 
was in it was necessary for me to look skyward for a period of ten or fif-
teen minutes. I feel that I would never have seen the object had I not
been in such a position. In the first saw the object, I thought that my
eyes were blurred or that I was seeing a reflection, therefore I closed my
eyes and opened them again, and the object was still present.

      The object was flying South to North at approximately 300 MPH, and
appeared to be approximately 3 inches in diameter. I was unable to judge
either the size or the altitude of the object with any accuracy. I feel
certain that this object was not a balloon, as it was flying in a horizon-
tal plane and the speed was too great, although it did resemble a child's
soap bubble, being spherical in shape and semi-transparent, silver in
color. There was no sound or exhaust trail. Visibility at the time of 
sighting the object was good, there being scattered cumulus only.

      I certify that the above statement is true and correct to the best
of my knowledge:

                                                [Signature]
                                                GIFFORD SCHOEFFLER
                                                1st. Lt., U.S.A.F

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DoD Dir. 5200.10

                                                  UNCLASSIFIED

Ltr. dtd.  (illegible text)
```

- page 9 -

