There are no photographs on this document.

The text on the document reads as follows:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP                2. ACTION
31 May 1949 31/1150(L)                              Sacramento, California

3. SOURCE 
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
16

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NE

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
XX No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
XX No

10. CONCLUSION
XX Other (BIRDS)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
16 objects flying in formation, disappearing and reappearing
three different times. Objects same color as the clouds.
Observer stated that there were white cranes in that area but
didn't know of them to fly in formation.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 O-329, (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.
```

The document appears to be a template used for reporting and recording observations, filled out with the details of a specific sighting of unidentified flying objects that were later concluded to be birds.

- page 1 -

There are no photographs present in the image you provided. It is a text document. Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

```
MCIAAS

                                             MCIAAS/OAT/amc

Mr. [redacted]
[redacted]
Sacramento, Calif.

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

    Receipt of your letter, dated 2 June 1949, is acknowledged by
this Headquarters.

    Your reported sighting has been made a matter of record and
is being incorporated into our present study of unidentified
aerial phenomena.

    Your action in writing this headquarters regarding this mat-
ter is appreciated.

                                    Sincerely yours,

                                    A. J. HEINSOHN, Jr.
                                    Lt Colonel, USAF
                                    Acting Chief, Analysis Division
                                    Intelligence Department
```

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a scanned document page with handwritten text. Below is the transcription of the text from the document:

---
Socorro 4 June 2. 48

Technical Intelligence Div.
Dear Sir,

Responding to your notice in The Post
in writing you about a formation of flying saucers
I Thought They ours. I did see on Tuesday the 31[st]
May about 10 minutes to 12 AM a man let[?]flies
a about 10 miles to boat house 2 miles north of
main Highway a roundaut. It was 10 minutes to 12
and I was looking out at the clouds, wind was
almost standing still, suddenly I noticed a
square formation of about 18 slowly revolv[ing]
discs about the same colour as the clouds, flying
at aeroplane speed about 5 miles east from
where I live and 25000 feet high. The forgot
California sun. Though plays pranks and I it

[Unintelligible signature]
---

Please note the handwriting is not entirely clear, and some words or parts of the text are difficult to interpret, thus the transcription may contain uncertainties as denoted by the usage of brackets and question marks indicating inferred or ambiguous words.

- page 3 -

The image you've provided does not contain any photographs. It is a page with handwritten text. Here is a transcription of the text found in the document:

might been much farther and higher and I just not convinced in distance judging. In a few moment they darted out to head toward father north
dirt out again to again a third time, when they either took a turn to the northeast
or grounlets. Then I could not spot them again.
There are lots of white cranes around but I never seen them fly in formation in 22 years and never so fast. If they were visible from the ground, somebody in North Sacramento should have seen them as I am writing I might misjudge, that you
can too you the are more brush fire around me and a young fellow with word stated some time ago said "There is no doubt that many of them are so large, probably a F.B.I man.

Concluding Respectfully

[There is a redaction or blacked-out section at the end of the document, so the name or signature is obscured.]

- page 4 -

