There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the text content from the document:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP                2. LOCATION
25 April 49                         Springer, New Mexico

3. SOURCE                           10. CONCLUSION
Civilian                            Other (BIRDS)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Multiple

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
A few seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Various

8. PHOTOS
⬜ Yes
☑ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
⬜ Yes
☑ No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers sighted numerous silvery white objects. A noise which sounded like a group of ducks drew the attention of the observers. They were flying in formation. Several other groups followed this first group. All of them were in some sort of formation. Three objects were in sight during a one hour period, but no group was in sight form more than a few seconds.

FTD-529 643 0329 (FTD) -- Previous editions of this form are to be used.
```

- page 1 -

There are no photographs present in this image. This image contains a page of text, which appears to be an excerpt from a report. As requested, I'll provide the text content as an OCR system would:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

APR. 25, .49
ABERDE..

Advanced Sheet for UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS 

c. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping:

c. First group - Taken in this group - this group were directly over-
head - heading due west. A long slim object like a pencil of thick 
beam had a line in the center or narrower - saw two in exact formation 
coming in to land or was passing over. However, the noise when they 
board did not come from this group.

Second group - this group passed overhead about 2 to 3 
minutes after the first group - this group approached from the East 
and then headed due West. This they were directly overhead one pulled 
off to the left side of the formation in a 40° angle and proceeded 
Southerly. The other eight objects in the formation continued on due 
west. This group was in sight from 40 to 50 seconds.

After they had risen into the lights and proceeded out into the lake,
8 or 10 more groups passed directly overhead. They were two or 
objects in each group, wider apart or from the less headed group due 
East.

The last group passed slightly to the East of them, an were heading 
due South. They approached from the North. The two were flying objects
in this group and they were in line (one behind the other).

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED
DECLASSIFIED
DD BY SECZO10-EO 11662
U_ DATE 6/2 04 2 9 Y_A_R_S_ ______

DOWNGRADED
DECLASSIFIED
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the quality of the scan and the presence of markings/erasures, some parts of the text are not perfectly clear, and I have transcribed them as closely as possible to what appears on the document.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED April 25, 1949

Dear Sir:

I am writing to you because you happen to be the only person of whom I know in the service of our Armed Forces. In the interest of science, laboratory manuals and Doctors New Mexico I am forwarding to you and discussing the meteoric that fell in Roswell and of your interest in that field.

Dr. La Paz I am 25 years old and do consider myself a mature young man, but the strange sights I have just seen make me wonder.

I am writing you for information about certain "objects" which have been reported from time to time and have been called "flying saucers".

On the morning of April 24, 1949, at 6:30, Mr. ______and myself were in the process of guiding our minnows to use for fishing. We were in a Chevrolet which was (¼) quarter mile from the town of Springer, N.M.

We had just finished putting the minnows we were going to use in the buckets that we heard a peculiar sound, sort of a high-pitched whistle. We both thought it was some high flying ducks coming in fast in landing and we looked up in the air. What we saw was certainly not ducks, but what it was we don’t know.

We saw "objects" which were silvery white, in color and to us what looked like balls, sort of like Christmas tree ornaments. They passed us at a very high altitude and going very fast. They were out of sight in a very few seconds.

I was in Army Flats during the war and I know they were not "Jet Planes" or "guided missiles". Whatever these "things" were they were traveling faster than sound. I know that because we were hearing the sound of the objects we had not seen misleading at others whose sound had not yet reached us.

This may sound a bit on the fantastic side, but it is what we actually observed. We saw these things for over an hour. I am enclosing a sketch of the behavior of the "objects", just as to how we saw them.

I’m wondering if anyone else has reported seeing these "things" on or coincidentally the date mentioned? I might add that this day was CATU calling and visibility unlimited and you would never have seen the objects except for the sound we heard.

Dr. La Paz I would like an answer from you if you can make the time, all this is very strange to me and maybe you can supply the answer to it.

UNCLASSIFIED

nc1 + 2 - OSI H9
---

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is purely textual. Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

If not, I for one am ready to believe the story of the "flying 
saucers" which up to now I have not. I would like to keep in touch 
with you if I or any of my friends happen to see any of these strange 
"things".

Hoping I have not bored you or taken up your time needlessly, I 
remain 

Sincerely yours,

[redacted]
Springer, N.M.

Mr. [redacted] is a Springer business man who has given me 
permission to use his name in connection with the appearance of these 
so called "flying saucers". He will back me in anything I have said and in 
the diagrams I have drawn, he is as eager as I am to have some light 
shod on this subject.

Dr. La Paz we haven't told many people because we are afraid they 
won't believe us. Do you blame us?

Sincerely
[redacted]

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a reproduction of a typewritten report, and it contains three hand-drawn illustrations of aerial formations. The topmost drawing depicts a tight V-shaped cluster of objects, with an arrow indicating southward movement. The middle drawing shows a broader, more dispersed formation with an arrow also pointing south. The bottom drawing shows a simple line with regularly spaced dots and an arrow indicating southward movement.

Below is the extraction of the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFED

Ceiling and Visibility Unlimited

April 25, 1949
6:30 - 7:30
morning

Due ¼085 
Due ¼085
Due ¼085
S.W.

The first time we saw the "objeots", heading due west 
at an extremely high altitude and at a very high 
rate of speed, they were not in a tight over 10 seconds.
They passed directly overhead. Time 6:30 in the 
morning. They were in a tight group as shown at
left, eleven in group.

About 10 minutes later we observed another flight
of these "objects" heading west very high and 
fast. When directly overhead the lead one on the
left suddenly left the rest and headed southwest.
All went out of sight in a very few seconds. Nine
in group.

At approx. 7:00 we saw two more "objects" heading due
east in the same manner as the others we had seen.
These were much farther apart than the first ones we
had seen.

South
-------------------------------------------------->
The last large "formation" we saw passed due south
across low and behind sprush. They were strung out in 
a line going very fast and low but at quite a dis-
tance from us. All these "objects" made a pecullar
sound like a high pitched whstle. The sound was 
more in strange behind the objects. Flying in line.

/signed/
Springer, L.M

Dr. La Paz I do not believe that these objects could have been
picked up or followed with ridad glasses they were moving much too
fast.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 5 -

There are no photographs present in the image you provided. It contains a scanned page of text from a document. Below is the text as an OCR would render it from the document:

```
INCIDENT NO. 34

1. Date of Observation 25 April 19^9 Date of Interview 2 May 19^9

2. Exact Time (local) O^JO

3. Place of Observation 4 miles Northwest Springer, New Mexico

4. Position of observer Ground

5. What attracted attention to object Unusual noise, like ducks about to land on the
water, which did not come from objects

6. Number of objects One group 1L in all, second group 9 day, see narrative

7. Apparent size Small

8. Color of object Silver white

9. Shape Round balls

10. Altitude Well over 30,000'

11. Direction from observer Directly overhead

12. Distance from observer 50,000 ft

13. Direction of flight of object(s) West (See narrative)

14. Time in sight 5-6 minutes

15. Speed Supersonic

16. Sound and odor (See narrative)

17. Trail

18. Luminosity

19. Projections

20. Maneuvers (See Narrative)

21. Manner of disappearance

22. Effect on clouds

23. Additional information concerning object

24. Weather Conditions Ceilings and visibility unlimited

(over)
```

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present on this page, just text. Here's the OCR output of the text from the document:

```
Page 2                                             Incident 3U3

Name and address of observer; Mr.  ██████████, Springer, New Mexico
                                 █.█████████, Springer, New Mexico

Occupation and hobbies;

Filling Station employee, (ex-pilot)
Owner of Coffee Shop

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s);


NARRATIVE SUMMARY;

Number of objects and sketch or description or grouping

a.  First group - eleven in this group. This group went directly over-
   head - heading due West. A noise which sounded like a group of ducks
   coming in to land on water or an air hose, drew the attention of the 
   Informant to the group passing over. However, this noise which they
   heard did not come from this group.

b.  Second group - nine in this group. Passed overhead about 2 to 3 
   minutes after the first group. This group approached from the East
   and was heard several times when they were directly overhead. This called
   off to the left side of the formation at a light angle and proceeded on
   Southwest. The other eight objects in the formation continued on
   due West. This group was in sight from five to ten seconds.

c.  After they had gotten into the boat and proceeded out into the lake,
   3 or more groups passed directly overhead. There were two or
   objects in each group, and they approached from the west headed the
   East.

d.  The last group passed slightly to the east of them, and were heading
   due South. They approached from the North. There were five objects
   in the group, and they were in line (one behind the other).
```

Please note that some information is redacted, indicated by blocks over text.

- page 7 -

