There is no photograph present in this image. The text from the document is as follows:

```
PROJECT 10073 REC'D

1. DATE + TIME GROUP 2. LOC./ZN
9 May 10 09/21302         Tuscon, Arizona
3. SOURCE
Military
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6-10 seconds
6. COURSE
Northeast
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes ☒ No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted a round, silvery, flat object. They were
heading to the Northeast at a very high rate of speed.
Its flight was level. The objects were in formation. The
objects were in view for a few seconds.

Observer could have been influenced by 
recent sightings in the area

FTD SEP 63 0-3329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.
```

- page 1 -

There are no photographs present in this image. The text from the document is as follows:

```
INCIDENT NO. 337

1. Date of Observation _9 May 1949______ Date of Interview __15 May 1949___
2. Exact Time (local) _1430
3. Place of Observation _Tuscon, Arizona_
4. Position of observer _Ground_
5. What attracted attention to object
6. Number of objects _2 objects 50 feet apart_
7. Apparent size _25 foot diameter, 1 foot thick_
8. Color of object _silvery_
9. Shape _Round Flat_
10. Altitude _Directly overhead to 60°_10,000 feet_
11. Direction from observer _S. Westerly_
12. Distance from observer _10,000 feet_
13. Direction of flight of object(s) _SW-NE_
14. Time in sight _6-10 Seconds_
15. Speed _750-1,000 mph_
16. Sound and odor _none_
17. Trail _none_
18. Luminosity _reflected light_
19. Projections _none_
20. Manuevers _Level flight banked once to north with abrupt left bank
                traveled 1 mile in that direction, then abruptly banked to NE_
21. Manner of disappearance _Faded from view_
22. Effect on Clouds
23. Additional information concerning object
24. Weather Conditions _ceiling unlimited 50 miles visibility_

(over)

Unident _ [indecipherable text]_
```

Please note that the last line contains a handwritten and indecipherable text.

- page 2 -

No photograph is present in the image provided.

Text from the document:

```
Incident 337

Page 2

Name and address of observer: W/Sgt. ________ ________, Tucson, Arizona

Occupation and hobbies: W/Sgt. USAF

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

Appears of normal intelligence and good character

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

On 9 May 1949 at approximately 1130 hours, while reclining on the front lawn of my residence at __________, Tucson, Arizona, I had occasion to notice two objects in the air overhead, these objects during its very formation obviously direction traveling northeast. When approximately directly overhead, the objects banked to the left and went in an approximately a northwesterly direction, continuing in this direction for approximately one mile, and then banking abruptly to the right and headed northeast towards the Catalina mountains. They continued in this northeast direction, gradually fading from view until they finally disappeared from my sight.

The size of those objects, to my estimation, was approximately 25 feet in diameter with a thickness of approximately one foot and their size in relation to a known object as they appeared to me in the air was approximately the size of a wash tub. I would place their altitude at approximately 10,000 feet. There was no discernible variation in this altitude during the time they remained in my sight. The distance between those two objects which did not vary considerably was approximately 50 feet. When I first saw them, they were directly overhead and appeared perfectly round. When they banked to the left, and then to the right I was able to see both sides of them.

There was no apparent means of motivation, no vapor trail, exhaust and absolutely no sound. The surface appeared to be smooth and symmetrical. They did not appear to vary in thickness from time to consider from the other edge. The color appeared silvery and they shiny when reflecting the sun. This particular day was a very clear sunshine day. The objects seemed to be traveling between 750 and 1,000 miles an hour.

I have been associated with aircraft the major portion of my life, having spent the last eight years in actual duties connected with aircraft and recently on a flight engineer on flying status. I have observed all conventional types of aircraft, and Jet Fighter aircraft in the sky, and this object seemed to be considerably faster than I have ever seen any aircraft travel. My home is located in the residential section of Tucson on the NE portion of the city approximately distance from my home to the Catalina Mountains in a northeast direction is six miles. From the direction I first sighted the objects come from, they would have come over a more densely populated portion of the city of Tucson, but not necessarily over the business center. Upon initially sighting these objects in the air, I called to my wife to come out of the house, but she did not get
```

Please note that some text on the document is obscured or redacted, which I have indicated with underscores "__".


- page 3 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided. 

The text in the document is as follows:

```
Page 2                                                    Incident _____ 337 cont'd

Name and address of observer:

Occupation and hobbies:

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

NARRATIVE SUMMARY

out until they disappeared. The whole occurrence from the time I initially
sighted the objects until I lost sight of them was between 6 and 10 seconds.
```

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page with text, handwritten signatures, and some redaction marks.

Here is the text as seen in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

          THE INSPECTOR GENERAL USAF
17TH DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
KIRTLAND AIR FORCE BASE, NEW MEXICO
DR/Ara/web

File No: 24-8
25 May 1949

SUBJECT: UNKNOWN (Aerial Phenomena)

TO: Commanding General
    Air Materiel Command
    Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
    Dayton, Ohio
    ATTN: MCIAOX-3

1. Reference is made to previous Reports of Investigation from this
headquarters, regarding the aerial phenomena which have been sighted in
this area.

2. Attached for your information are two (2) copies of Report of
Investigation, this district, dated 19 May 1949, subject as above.

3. This investigation is continuing and future sightings will be
made the subject of reports, copies of which will be forwarded to your
headquarters.

1 Incl
Rpt of Inv (dup)

                                    DOYLE REES
                                    Lt Col, USAF
                                    District Commander

DOWNGRADING AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS NOT AUTOMATICALLY
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

UNCLASSIFIED
```

The redacted parts in the document and handwritten text are as follows:

- The redacted parts are represented by black bars and cannot be read.
- The handwritten text at the bottom is possibly a signature followed by a question mark ( "Signature?" ) but it is not entirely clear.

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a page from a document. As requested, here is the text as an OCR system would produce:

```
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

DATE REPORT MADE BY 19 May 1949
TITLE Ad/in L. hCickey
REPORT MADE AT AC/17 Kirtland AFB

PERIOD 13, 16, 17, 18 May 1949
OFFICE OF ORIGIN DD #17 Kirtland AFB

STATUS PENDING

CHARACTER SPECIAL INQUIRY

REFERENCE

SYNOPSIS
On 9 May 1949 s/sgt-------
Refueling Sq, 43rd Bomb Wg, Davis-Monthan AFB sighted two
objects in the air at appropriate altitude of 10,000 feet.
Objects were round and flat with diameter approximately
25 feet. Objects traveled at an excessive rate of speed
(750 to 1000 miles per hr.). Investigation in and around
Tucson did not result in finding witnesses or possible
explanation of objects.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED 
AFTER 12 YEARS 
DOD DIR 5200.10

DISTRIBUTION
CO, Kirtland AFB 4
OJ1, Hq 2
File 2

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO
Commanding Officer
Kirtland Air Force Base
New Mexico

FILE STAMP
7-23-74

APPROVED
Doyle Rees
LT COL, USAF
AFOSI Det Commander

UNCLASSIFIED

AFR FORM O-208 Replaces AFR Form 14, 3 Jul 48, which may be used.
15 JAN 49 U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFIC
```

- page 6 -

There are no photographs present in this document. Below is the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
DETAILS

1. Date of sighting - 9 May 1949.

2. Time of sighting - Approximately 1430 hours.

3. Where sighted:

   a. Ground
   
      (1) Tucson, Arizona
      (2) Approximately 3 miles from center of town
      (3) From front yard
      (4) Not applicable

4. Number of objects - Two objects maintaining distance of approximately 
    20 feet apart at all times during period of sighting.
   
5. Distance of objects from observer

   a. Directly overhead
   b. From directly overhead to approximately 60 degrees
   c. Approximately 10,000 feet.

6. Time in sight - Between six and ten seconds.

7. Appearance of object

   a. Silvery
   b. Round and flat
   c. Opaque
   d. Size
   
      (1) Approximately 25 feet in diameter
      (2) Similar to wash tub

8. Direction of Flight - Originally sighted coming from SW traveling NE

9. Tactics or maneuvers - Objects maintained approximately same altitude with-
   out variance, banked once to the north with abrupt left bank, traveled a mile
   in this direction, then decided abruptly to NE. They did not appear to be
   oscillating, or fluttering.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 7 -

There are no photographs in this particular image. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
10. Evidence of exhaust - Absolutely no exhaust discernable. 

11. Effect on clouds - Object did not come in contact with any clouds during 
sighting.

12. Lights - Object gave off reflected light especially in the process of 
banking.

13. Support - There was no visible support.

14. Propulsion - There was no visible means of propulsion.

15. Control and stability - No fins or stabilizers were apparent.

16. Air ducts - No ducts or slots or openings were discernible.

17. Speed - Object traveled at a speed approximately 750 to twoo miles per hour.

18. Sound - No sound heard.

19. Manner of disappearance - Objects faded from view.

RELATIVE TO THE OBSERVER

1. Name of observer 

2. Address ------------------------, Tucson, Arizona

3. Occupation - M/Sgt., USAF

4. Place of business - 43rd Air Refueling Sq, 43rd Bomb Gp, 43rd Bomb Wg, 
Davis-Monthan AFB.

5. Hobbies - Aircraft mechanic

6. Ability to determine color, speed and size of moving objects at a distance - 
Observer is able to determine color and based on his history is believed to be 
a fair judge of speed of moving objects and their size at a distance.

7. Reliability of observer

a. Sources

(1) A neighborhood check was accomplished in the vicinity of 
observer's home, but due to isolated location of his home, no neighbors were 
found who knew subject. A thorough check was made.

(2) File of Police department and Pima County Sheriff's 
Office, Tucson, Arizona revealed no record of observer.

(3) Local FBI revelaed no record of subject.

(4) The following persons were contacted at observer's parent 
organization: Major ect, Executive Officer, who stated that he 
has had contact with observer and has known with observer on many occasions 
since observer's assignment to his unit, he has always found observer to be 

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a document with text related to a report. Below is the text output as requested:

UNCLASSIFIED
reliable. 1st Sgt——has had contact with observer since
assignment to his unit and has always found him to be truthful and reliable.
Lt——who was serving in the S-2 unit with observer at Spokane, Washington.
Lt——is now moving into a duplex apartment next to observer. He has
been with the same unit the crew with observer for the last three months
and assigned to his facility. He is inclined to believe the statements made
by the observer due to his knowledge of the observer's character and veracity.

8. Notes relative to observer on
a. Sightings in general - Observer has never sighted any other objects
similar to the above described.

b. How attention was drawn to objects - Due to the fact observer was
laying on his back on his front lawn and was looking directly overhead when
he saw the pass.

9. Witnesses - There were no other witnesses to the occurrence.

10. Comments - The observer, upon interview, appeared to be of good character,
normal intelligence and with a fairly rounded education.

GENERAL INFORMATION

1. Weather conditions -
a. Ceiling unlimited
b. Sky clear
c. Visibility 30 miles
d. Sea level pressure - 77B-1006.5 milibars
e. Temperature F 10
f. Dew point - 17 F.
g. Wind - SSW from 10 knots or 12 miles per hour
h. Altimeter - 990
i. Gusts of wind to 22 knots
j. Wet Bulb - 56 F
k. Relative humidity - 6%
l. Station pressure 27.190 inches

2. Winds aloft report

8,000’, 250 degrees, 20 knots
12,000’, 260 degrees, 15 knots
18,000’, 270 degrees, 40 knots

UNCLASSIFIED

3. Local flight schedules

a. Military - C-47 departing for Phoenix at 1412 hours
T-6 departing for Phoenix at 1447 hours
C-47 departing for Hill Field at 1453 hours

[There is blacked-out text in the image, which is not legible and thus cannot be transcribed.]

[End of transcribed text]

- page 9 -

There are no photographs on this page. The following is the text presented in the image:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

C-47 departing for Kelly AFB at 1503 hours
B-25 departing for Ft. Worth at 1543 hours

b. Commercial - American Airlines flight to Phoenix & San Francisco 1435 hrs 
flight to Phoenix & Los Angeles 1670 hrs
was airborne at 1420 hours.

c. Private - No record of any aircraft in air at or about 1430 hours on 
9 May 1949 in a check with Gilpin Air Service, Arizona Helicopter Service and 
Tucson air traffic.

d. A check with the weather bureau, municipal airport #2, Tucson, Arizona, 
discloses that weather balloons were released at 0200 hours, 0330 hours, 1400 
hours, 1800 hours on May 9, 1949. A check with Beese weather having meteovan 
hours discloses that their balloons were also released at 0200 hours,=0600 hours, 
HAUC hours and 2000 hours, 9 May 1949. A thorough check of all agencies in this 
vicinity did not disclose any other testing devices released.

e. Object did not contact earth. 

f. Objects did not come near aircraft or other objects.

g. A sketch of terrain and surroundings, sight point of unidentified object is 
attached hereto as exhibit "A"

h. A signed statement of /S/ight attached hereto as exhibit "B"

1. No physical evidence available.

j. No antenna or projections discernible.

ENCLOSURES:

FOR EACH COPY OF REPORT

1. Exhibit "A", Sketch of Flight of objects.
2. Exhibit "B", Statement of Putman.

-PENDING-

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that there are some unclear symbols or letters in the text (e.g., "=0600 hours," "HAUC hours"), which may be due to artifacts or errors in the scanned image.

- page 10 -

The image you've provided does not contain a photograph but rather a hand-drawn map or diagram. The diagram appears to represent a layout of streets and the path of an object, presumably related to a UFO sighting reported in Project Blue Book.

Here is the text reproduced from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

        (Blackened out text)
PATH OF FLIGHT
        (Blackened out text)
                    DESERT INN
BENTON BLVD
  
                  (Blackened out text)
                                    E. FIRST ST.
  SWAN ROAD
        (Blackened out text)
E. THIRD ST.   E. SECOND ST.
                                    SPEEDWAY
                   (Arrow pointing to the right labeled) N
  
UNCLASSIFIED   
```

Please note that the blackened out text represents redacted sections of the document, which are unreadable.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a page with typewritten text. Here is the text output as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED                                       11 May 1949

                                       STATEMENT

On 9 May 1949 at approximately 1430 hours, while reclining on the front 
lawn of my residence at 933 Nintn Blvd., Tucson, Arizona, I had occasion to 
notice two objects in the air over head. These objects came into view from a 
southwesterly direction travelling northeast. When approximately directly over-
head, the objects banked to the left and went in an approximately in a north-
westerly direction, continuing in this direction for approximately one mile
and then banking abruptly to the right and headed northeast towards the Catalina
Mountains. They continued in this northeast direction, gradually fading from 
view until they finally disappeared from my sight.

The size of these objects, to my estimation, was approximately 25 feet in 
diameter with a thickness of approximately one foot and thier size in relation
to a known object as they appeared to me in the air was approximately the size 
of a wash tub. I would place their altitude at approximately 10,000 feet. There
was no discernible variation in tails altitude during the time they remained in 
my sight. The distance between these two objects, which did not vary considerbly 
was approximately 50 feet. When I first saw them they were directly overhead 
and appeared perfectly round, when they banked to the left and then to the right
I was able to see both sides of them

There was no apparent means of motivation, no vapor trail, exhaust and 
absolutely no sound. The surface appeared to be smooth and symmetrical. They 
did not appear to vary in thickness toward the center from the outer edge. The 
color appeared clear and very shiney when reflecting the sun. This particular
day was a very cleary sunshiney day. The objects seemed to be traveling between 
75 and 1,000 miles an hour.

I have been associated with aircraft the major portion of my life, having 
spent the last eight yours in actual duties connected with aircraft and presently
am a 111th enginner on flying status. I have observed all conventional types of 
aircraft and jet fighter aircraft in the sky and this object seemed to be consid-
erably faster than I have ever seen any aircraft travel. My home is located in the
southeastern section of Tucson in the acironutical city and the approximate dis-
tance from my house to the Catalina Mountains in a northeast direction is six miles.
From the direction I first sighted the objects came from, they would have come 
over a more densely populated portion of the city of Tucson, but not necessarily 
over how business center. Upon initially sighting these objects in the air, I 
called to my wife to con.e out of the house, but she did not get out until they 
disappeared. The whole occurrance from the time I initially sighted the objects 
until I lost sight of them was between 6 and 10 seconds.

UNCLASSIFIED                                           /1.6.
```

Please note that any discrepancies or typographical errors in the text are preserved from the original document to maintain accuracy.

- page 12 -

The image provided seems to be a scanned page from a document but does not contain any photographs—it is a text-based page.

Here is the text output from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

To my cognizance, none of the neighbors in the vicinity of my house 
sighted the objects. However, I have made no inquiry of the neighbors. I did 
tell my nearby neighbor who were not home at the time, about this occurance.

I reported this to my Squadron Security Officer on Tuesday, 10 May 1949.
I have read various comments and articles concerning objects of this nature 
but never put much stock in the information.

These objects appeared opaque in nature. I can think of no possible 
explanation as to what these objects were nor what kept them in the air or 
how they could travel at such an excessive rate of speed. I was fully awake 
when I saw them and can vision them perfectly in my mind at this time.

[There appears to be some sort of redacted information after this paragraph]

                                    43rd Air Refueling Sq
                                    43rd Bomb Gp, 43rd Bomb Wg.

UNCLASSIFIED

[Redacted line at the bottom of the page]

--- 

Please note the portions that are blurred or redacted and the handwritten "2" at the bottom of the page.

- page 13 -

