The document does not contain any photographs, so there are none to describe. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and provide all the text found in the document:

```
RESTRICTED
UNCLASSIFIED
IDENTIFICATION UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS
Incidents 306

1. Date of observaton 24April 49 [crossed out] Interview
    Between 1030 - 1035 MST
2. Exact time of observation (local)
3. Place of observation 32° 53'N 107° 20'W
    (Map Coordinates)
4. Position of observer (city, state, base, location of - give details)
    George, Operating A Theodolite Station
5. Time estimated attention to object(s)
    Observed 600' + Below With Aloero
    500'-
6. Number of objects and information on formation or groupings
    one
7. Apparent size (compare to known objects, i.e., sun, moon, thumb
    at arm's length)
    0 - 2 5/10 of a [indecipherable] 350grain
    of 15000 yds (indecipherable)]
8. Color of object(s)
    White
9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known objects)
    Ellipticle 2 Vis Darkness Ratio
10. Altitude (angle of elevation above horizon - a diagram at horizon, 
    90 degrees numbered). Came in from 
    NNE turn due 200° at 45° elevation
    Sun, portion (indecipherable) of about 1200 at (indecipherable)
11. Duration object observed (clode clocktime from horizon)
    Disapp. 245° [indecipherable] 30" Elevation
    Distance from observer (judge declocktime from horizon)
    EE!!
12. Distance from observer (distance to town, hills, <indecipherable>, over
    which object appeared to be) UNKNOWN
    [arrow pointing right] mcmse [?]
13. Direction of flight of object (s) SEE BACK
    [arrow pointing up to the right] (Words Missing)
14. Time in sight approx. 60 Seconds
15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance)
    NOT MEASURED
    To 245° 5' 31" at [indecipherable] Sec
16. Sound and odor
    NONE Quiet - No Tracks or [indecipherable]
17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, ect.)
    NONE
18. Interference [unable to read destruction] (indiscernible, either - indiscernible
    or illusions)
    [redacted/blackened area]

UNCLASSIFIED
RESTRICTED
```

Please note that some text and numbers on the document are filled out with indecipherable handwriting or partially obscured, therefore they are marked as (indecipherable) or transcribed to the best of my abilities given the unclear content.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph on this page, just typewritten text. Here is the text OCR output from the document:

```
RESTRICTED
000.92 SABT                                             1st Ind (contd)
Subject: Project "Grudge"

discussed with Dr. People of this station the problems encountered in 
obtaining reliable information when observing unidentified objects.
Dr.  sent to Dr. People an information copy of his observations 
near Alamogordo, New Mexico on April 24, 1949. It is felt that although 
the principal factor - two hours of the past time is in the realm of the 
theoretical and this responsible for the unusually specific information 
contained in this report, is that Mr.  was made aware in advance of 
what factors should be observed in case such an object were sighted.
Therefore, it is urged that your office issue detailed advance observa-
tion instructions to people who might be in a position to make observations 
and turn in reports.

3. It is felt that instructional observing instructions are implied 
in the enclosed questionnaire. Item #12 is especially misleading, be-
cause many observers will probably determine that town or building the 
object may be over, unless the object corresponds to a low enough altitude 
so that its can be determined to be on either the near or far side of a 
known object.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER

JOSEPH O. FLETCHER
Major, USAF
Director, Base Directorate 
for Geophysical Research

Incl 1 w/o     4.icl.is, 7 of furrtish.109“
                 2. coy af'stinitrisi foy

UNCLASSIFIED
``` 

Please note that the original document may contain errors, redactions, or unclear text due to its age and the quality of the scanning process, which may affect the accuracy of the OCR transcription.

- page 2 -

There are no photographs in this image. Here is the text output from the document:

---

RESTRICTED
UNCLASSIFIED

3/ltr, CG, AMC, to CO, CFS, Subject: Project "Grudge" RRH/JAP/ro

000.52
1st Ind

C/SIGO Headquarters Station, CFS, 230 Albany Street, Cambridge 39, Massachusetts, 18 May 1949.

TO: Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base, Dayton, Ohio, ATTN: MC/AIS

1. Additional information requested in a basic letter is as follows:

a. Reference 3a. The balloons used by the base Directorates for
Geophysical research do not carry lights or luminescent materials, nor
is it anticipated that such equipment will be carried on future flights.

b. Reference 3b. An up-to-date list of balloon flights will be
prepared and sent to this headquarters. Project plans call for launching
of 20 M. diameter plastic balloons at the following bases during the
ensuing summer!

Clovis, New Mexico
Enid, Oklahoma
Phoenix, Arizona
Las Vegas, Nevada

The total number of launchings from all of these states will not average
more than three per week. It is also planned to launch 100 ft. dia-
meter balloons from Omaha, Nebraska, between July 15 and August 15, 1949.
The dates of other flights are indefinite at this time.

c. Reference 3c. Photographs and detailed descriptions of equip-
ment would serve no useful purpose, because of the number of different
projects being investigated. The most conspicuous gear involved on the
balloon flight standard metereological sondes of approximately 6"x 4",
and one or two thin in a brightly colored sphere, 1st in., stainless
rings as long as 150 ft. are flown. The scientific equipment is generally
rather compact and is less than 1 cu. ft. in volume. As a general rule,
a reward notice is attached to each balloon identifying the agency launch-
ing it.

d. Reference 3d. The 20 ft. plastic balloons fly at constant
levels between 40,000 to 60,000 ft. depending upon the load and other con-
ditions. A few 70 ft. plastic balloons have been flown which reached 
altitudes of 80,000 to 100,000 feet. Occasionally, rubber metereological
balloons are flown using clusters of not more than three balloons.

2. Several months ago, it-------------------, now of Carrol Hills, Ills.,
but formerly associated with the balloon projects at New York University.

UNCLASSIFIED

---

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned document text page with redactions. Here is the text from the document:

OBJECT REPORT UNCLASSIFIED

On 24 April 1949, at 3 miles north of Array, New Mexico, (107° 19'W 32° 53'N) 
4 Navy enlisted men from White Sands Proving Ground (Chief 
simmons and ___ ) and I saw a rapidly moving object while making a Pibal wind run. We had released a 350 gram balloon at about 1020 MST and were following it with a standard ML-47 (David White) Theodolite. After the 1030 reading, which we took over the theodolite, and Alkon when I looked up to find this balloon with naked eye. We thought we had the balloon end we saw a whitish spherical object right along the direction the theodolite (45°elevation and 210° azimuth) was pointing. The object was drifting east rapidly (5°/sec. as estimated by stopwatch and width of fingers) but we had thought to encounter sster linds on the balloon since when the difference in angle between the theodolite end supposed balloon became appreciable, I took over the theodolite end found that true balloon was still there, (The spot I abandoned it had picked up as object after it came out of the sun. I was moving toward of sun was 127° azimuth and +9° elevation 60°). The object was crumpoint too fast to streak the theodolite around, therefore one of the man painted the theodolite and I looked.

The object was an ellipsoid about 2½ : 1 flares/light ratio, length about 20 subtending angle, and whit in color, except for a less yet whitish glow of one side as though that was in shadow. I could not spot and light source on object due to the speed at which the angles changed. Therefore I saw no god detail at all.

The azimuth angle maintained to decreases as the object continued on a north heading, slowing small - 1 div. sec. Apart round 20 - 25° azimuth the azimuth held constant and the elevation angle began increasing from this 25° minimum to about 29°. The length on of span slowly disappeared due to distance after a total time of observation of about 60 seconds.

The object was not a balloon and was some distance away. Assuming escape velocity, a track was figured which put the elevation above the station of about 300,000 feet over the observed period. If this is true, the flight would have probably gird the orbits the White Sands Proving Ground, Holloman Air Force Base and Los Alamos.

We made another pibal wind run 15 minutes latar. This balloon burst after an 88 minute flight 93,000 feet only 13 miles due south of us. Therefore this object could not have been a free balloon moving at such angular speed below 90,000 feet.

Information is desired if this was some new or experimental aircraft or for any explanation whatsoevre.

NOTE:
No clouds in sky, no haze.
No niosy very quiet in area
(No crops, planes or other engines running)
No trail, no exhaust visible.
No plot—— UNCLASSIFIED

[There are redacted sections in the document, visible as black blocks covering the text.]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph; it is a page of typed text. Here is the text output from the document:

---

When a difference in the angle between the theodolite and supposed balloon
became apparent, one person observing with the naked eye took over the theodolite
and found the true balloon still there. The balloon was then abandoned and
the other object picked up just after it came out of the sun. The object was
moving too fast to crank the theodolite around, therefore one of the observers 
pointed the theodolite while another looked through it. The object appeared
to be ellipsoidal about 2&1 slenderness ratio, length about 0.02 subtended xxxx
angle, and white in color, except for a light yellow on one side as if it
were in shadow. A hard focus on the object was not obtained at any time
due to the speed at which the angles changed. Therefore, no good detail
was seen. The azimuth angle continued to decrease as the object continued 
on a north heading, growing smaller in size. At around 20-25° azimuth, the
azimuth held constant and the elevation angle began increasing from the
25° minimum to about 29°. The object then apparently disappeared due to distance
after a total observation time of about 60 seconds.
One observer, *******, by assuming that the object
was traveling at escape velocity of 2500 ft per second, calculated that
the object was at an elevation of some 300000 ft (about 58 miles).

[Handwritten signature]

--- 

Please note that the text includes a redacted or poorly scanned portion denoted by asterisks, "*******", and illegible words represented by "xxxx."

- page 5 -

There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Here is the text output:

---

3. After examination of the data available and consideration of all factors involved, USAF consulting specialists consider that neither speed, altitude nor size of the object could be used with any knowledgeable degree of reliability and that it is possible that a small object was seen at much less range than the observers suspected.

4. In support of this, it must be noted that the object was never clearly in focus through the theodolite and that details were not discernable either through the theodolite nor with the naked eye. To be able to solve the equation.

---

- page 6 -

There are no photographs present in this image. Here is the text output from the document:

s (distance object traveled) - 2 times the distance from point of observation 
to the object times the sin of ½ the angle 
subtended.
There are times involved which involves variables exact two of which must
be known to solve for a third. In the case of this observation only one 
known value was available, i. e. the angle subtended. The observers had no
possible way to determine either the speed of the object nor its distance from 
them.

The observers arbitrarily selected 2500 ft. per second (1700 mph) and 
solved the equation. This is how the altitude of 30,000 ft was obtained.
We may just as easily select 70 mph for the speed of the object and 
find that it would have been at 800ft. of size in the first instance equals 
105 ft. in length; in the latter an object of less than one foot length.

These values can be calculated using the following formulae:

2
350 x .020 = .00035 radians

.00035 radians times the distance of object from point of observation 
equals the length of the object.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image.

The text in the document is as follows:

---
5. The consultants of the AMC Aero-Med laboratory state that reliable
estimates of distance can only be made when the object is identified as
some known object or type of object by the observer. It is interesting
to note that the observers at first thought the object was the balloon which 
they had released. When they [illegible blacked-out text] that it was not, there was no
way to judge distance except by assuming that it had [illegible blacked-out text]
a fantastic speed.

The questionable data in this incident, the extremely short time 
of observation [illegible blacked-out text] and the 
overwhelming evidence of misidentification in other cases, leads to the
conclusion that the object seen [illegible blacked-out text] was misidentified [illegible blacked-out text]
by the observers. There is nothing in the evidence to refute that the
object, small, 
[illegible blacked-out text] much closer range and traveling at reasonable speed. [illegible blacked-out text]

NOTE: Since the observers themselves could not observe any detail,
it is not possible to make any [illegible blacked-out text] positive identification for 
the object.
---

- page 8 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided. The image contains a page with text and hand-drawn sketches and writings. Here's the text from the document as accurately as I can decipher it:

```
RESTRICTED
UNCLASSIFIED

19. Projections (fins, domes, poles, antennas, gunports, etc.)
    NONE VISIBLE was not
20. Landings (burns, slides, etc. sketch of flight path)
    CLOSE
     SPACE
21. Means of disappearance
    SLOW Smaller rapidly 
    then disappeared
22. Effect on clouds
    No effect
23. Additional information concerning objects: 
    see report 

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: Clear except for
    Cumulus to west, No obst. (obstacle) light off, easy
25. Did observer wear glasses, especially polarized glasses, at time of sighting, or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material
    No

Time and address of observer

Censorship and notation

Chemical Engineering-
Meteorological formations- 
Members [Balloon Circus]
General M[?]
        M[?]

10666
April [?]
movemy

UNC LASSIFIED
RESTRICTED
```

Due to the poor quality of the image, some text parts are unclear, with missing details or illegible handwriting. Therefore, the transcription may contain inaccuracies or gaps where the text is indiscernible.

- page 9 -

The image shows a hand-drawn sketch with marks and annotations but does not contain a photograph. Below is the text that is visible and legible from the document:

```
New Mexico
Otero lay dam Hrocimo｜Ard 460.
Estacado Plain

Headed Time Oirection
SOUTH

RES

HIGHWAY

ALAMOGORDO
33° elevation
0000
3000/sec

5" Sec
Moved ii about
10 miles
Distant if moving
at escape vult.,
```

Please note that due to the quality of the image some words or numbers might not be entirely accurate. The document appears to be a diagram with geographical locations, directional arrows, and some notations that seem to relate to the movement of an unidentified flying object and its estimated speed or trajectory.

- page 10 -

The image appears to contain no photographs but instead shows handwritten notes and drawings, possibly calculations or observations related to the UFO report. However, due to the quality of the image and the handwriting, transcribing the exact text is challenging. Here is my attempt at transcription, but please note it might contain inaccuracies due to the quality:

```
(Subject) (alligat****) 
2-8-1

02 AD attached ***
notation
altitude: 5,000' (indistinct)
50/msec
relative, 5 o'clock 
position, 45° elevation.
10° ?

direction 
2 25/30 
to 2 30' 
to 2 45' 

time visibility 60 sec. *** Dual
```

Please be aware that the parts followed by asterisks (*) and question marks (?) indicate sections where the original text is unclear, and I'm unable to provide an accurate transcription. The document also has "UNCLASSIFIED" stamped in two places.

- page 11 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an official document. Here is the text output from the document:

```
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
WRIGHT FIELD, DAYTON, OHIO

IN REPLY ADDRESS BOTH
COMMUNICATION AND EN-
VELOPE TO COMMANDING
GENERAL, AIR MATERIEL
COMMAND, ATTN OF
FOLLOWING OFFICE SYMBOL

SUBJECT: Project "Grudge"

TO: Commanding Officer
5160 Electronics Station
Cambridge Field Station
20 Albany Street
Cambridge 39, Massachusetts
ATTN: BRH

1. Reference is made to your letter OOI-C2, dated 16 April
1949, subject, "Analysis of Project ‘Grudge’ Reported Incidents."

2. Information provided in referenced letter has been very
helpful in analysis of Project "Grudge" incidents.

3. The following additional information is requested:

a. Do stratosphere research balloons carry lights
or luminescent materials that might be visible at night?

b. Lists of balloons released since No. 101 on 17 Nov.
1948 and lists of future releases.

c. Photographs and descriptions of equipment carried
aloft by these balloons.

d. Further information as to the altitudes attained by
the balloons and their size at various altitudes.

4. Your recommendations for improvement of our incident
check list are appreciated. A copy of the revised collection guide
form is inclosed for your information.

5. Project "Grudge" is classified "Restricted". Therefore,
this correspondence may be downgraded and this correspondence
classified consistent with material relative to research balloons
not now lower than "Restricted".

BY COMMAND OF GENERAL MCMURRY:

[Signature]
Acting
Distribution Form,
To OI-Book, USAF
[Blackout stamp]
[Blackout stamp]
```

- page 12 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs; it is a scanned document page. Below is the text extracted from the document:

```
000.92 AFRIT                                              UNCLASSIFIED
Subject: Project "Grudge"            1st Ind (contd)

discussed with Dr. Peoples of this station the problems encountered in
obtaining reliable information when observing unidentified objects.
Mr. ******* sent to Dr. Peoples an information copy of his observations
near *******, New Mexico on April 24, 1949. It is felt that although the
theodolite and stop-watch were of great assistance in making estimates,
the principal factor responsible for the unusually specific information
contained in this report, is that Mr. ******* was made aware in advance of
what factors should be observed in case such an object were sighted.
Therefore, it is urged that your office issue detailed advance observa-
tion instructions to people who might be in a position to make observations
and in reports.

3. It is felt that insufficient observing instructions are implied
on the enclosed questionnaire. Item #12 is especially misleading, be-
cause an observer cannot possibly determine what town or building the
object may be over, unless the object descends to near or actual landing, 
so that it can be triangulated to be on either the near or far side of a
known object.

                                       FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

1 Incl
w/Ind #1 to          Joseph T. Garland
2. Cpy of Req.,      Major, USAF
Mr. ******           Director, Base Directorate
                     for Geophyisical Research

                                          UNCLASSIFIED

                                          5
                                     RESTRICTED
``` 

Please note that portions of the text have been redacted with "*******".

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in the image you have provided.

Below is the text extracted from the document:

---

8/ltr, GC, AMC, to CO, CFS, Subject: Project "Grudge"

00.32 1st Ind ERRENT/JAF/re

3160 Electronics Station, GFS, 230 Albany Street, Cambridge 39, Massachusetts, 18 May 1949.

TO: Commanding General, Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, 9 Dayton, Ohio, ATTN: AMC IIXO

1. Additional information requested in basic letter is as follows:

a. Reference 3a. The balloons used by the 3205 Directorate for Geophysical Research do not carry lights or luminescent materials, nor is it anticipated that such equipment will be carried on future flights.

b. Reference 3b. An up-to-date list of balloon flights will be prepared and sent in near future. Project plans call for launching of 20 ft. diameter plastic balloons at the following bases during the coming summer:

Clouds, New Mexico
Enid, Oklahoma
Phoenix, Arizona
Las Vegas, Nevada

The total number of launchings from all of these sites will not average more than three per week. It is also planned to launch eight 20 ft. diameter balloons from Omaha, Nebraska, between July 15 and August 15, 1949. The dates of other flights are indefinite at this time.

c. Reference 3c. Photographs and detailed descriptions of equipment would serve no useful purpose, because of the number of different projects being conducted. The most conspicuous gear included on the balloon flight unit is a brightly colored flag of approximately 6' x 4', and one or two standard meteorological parachutes. At times, antenna wires as long as 150 ft. are flown. The scientific equipment is generally rather compact and is less than 1 cu. ft. in volume. As a general rule, a reward notice is attached to each balloon identifying the agency launching it.

d. Reference 3d. The 20 ft. plastic balloons fly at constant level between 40,000 to 60,000 ft. depending upon the load and other conditions. A few 70 ft. plastic balloons have been flown which reached altitudes of 80,000 to 100,000 feet. Occasionally, rubber meteorological balloons are flown using clusters of not more than three balloons.

2. Several months ago, Mr. C. B. Moore, now of Carnal Mills, Inc., but formerly associated with the balloon project at New York University,

UNCLASSIFED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. UNCLASSIFIED/301100Z DEC 2010

---


- page 14 -

The image shows a page from a document, and there are no photographs present, only handwritten text.

Here is the text transcribed from the document as accurately as possible:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Supplementary Information.
Power of Observation (M-97) mentioned in
report is 2-3½ power.

All angles of less than one (1) degree must be estimated
as instruments measures only down to degrees. (Some instruments
can measure instrument of one degree)

A 350 span [unreadable] at 15,000 feet is approximately 9 feet in
diameter .03°

  1. Estimated            10,000     20,000     30,000 alt
                             -         -           -
  from the above one would estimate from
  drawing, size of object. 
   
   0.05 degree =
   
   .03
   0.05
   60 (1,3,600)
   
UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 15 -

There are no photographs present in the image. It is a scanned document page with text and handwritten notes. Here is the text output from the document:

---

This is
Press Action Very Urg.

Unidentified

Unclassified 

For Maj Holstrom   Classified 
24208  72103    U (circled) 1949

1. The incident where theodolite measurements were made of an unidentified 
aerial object and to which the article by Commander McLaughlin apparently refers, 
was reported by several persons engaged in the measurement of wind velocities
by balloon releases in White Sands New Mexico. 

2. The report of the incident gave the following information:

    "On 24 April 1949, 3 miles north of Arrey, New Mexico, five persons 
saw a rapidly moving object xxxxxxxxx. These persons had released a 
balloon and were following it with a theodolite. After taking a reading at 
1030 MST, one observer continued to follow the balloon while two others observed 
a whitish spherical object with the naked eye right along the direction that 
the theodolite was pointing. The object observed with the naked eye was 
drifting east rapidly (5°/sec. as estimated by stopwatch and width of fingers)
but the observers had expected to encounter similar winds on the balloon.

---

- page 16 -

