There are no photographs present in this image. As for the text, here it is:

NATIONAL ARCHIVES MICROFILM PUBLICATIONS

Microfilm Publication T1206

PROJECT BLUE BOOK

Roll 5

Case Files of Individual Sightings

File Nos. 343-443

April 9-June 26, 1949

THE NATIONAL ARCHIVES
NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS SERVICE
GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
WASHINGTON: 1976

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this document.

Here is the OCR text output from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

4. Speed. About half judged that the speed was less than 500 miles an hour. The other half of the judgments varied from 500 miles an hour all the way to "terrific," "tremendous," "inconceivable" and "blue blazes."

5. Background against which viewed. The great majority of observers saw the object against a clear day or night sky.

6. Time of day sighted. About two-thirds as many observations were reported at night as in the day. There are, of course, many more opportunities for observing things during the day. The most popular hours were from 12 noon to 5:00 P.M. and from 7:00 P.M. to 11:00 P.M. at night. Very few (6 only) observations were made from 5:00 to 7:00 P.M., the usual hours of sunset.

7. Color. Observers almost universally reported seeing a light-colored object. Forty observers reported "white" and twenty-five said "silver." Over 70 percent described glittering, shiny, luminescent, mirror-like or other very bright objects. Only six individuals said blue or dark.

8. Shape. Over half described the object as either "round," "disk-shaped," "spherical" or "circular". Other descriptions were similar. Very few observers saw any distinctive shape.

9. Size. The majority of observers did not specify the objects' size. Of those who did over half said it was less than 10 feet in its largest dimension. Many compared it with a dime, a lamp, a dot, a weather balloon, a baseball, etc.

Interpretation of the Common Points of All Reports

The words used by observers to describe the appearances of the unidentified objects fall into a surprisingly uniform pattern. The objects were usually reported as being far away, small, bright and without a distinctive shape. They were usually seen against a clear sky by
UNCLASSIFIED
---

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from the Project Blue Book report, which deals with UFO sightings. Here is the transcription of the text:

```
UNC LASSIFIED
Engineering Divid.
Technical Report No. F-TR-2274-IA

4. Speed. About half judged that the speed was less than 500 
miles an hour. The other half of the judgments varied from 500 miles 
an hour all the way to "terrific," "tremendous," "inconceivable" and 
"blue blazes".

5. Background against which viewed. The great majority of 
observers saw the object against a clear day or night sky.

6. Time of day sighted. About two-thirds as many observations 
were reported at night as in the day. There are, of course, many more 
opportunities for observing things during the day. The most popular 
hours were from 12 noon to 5:00 PM. and from 7:00 PM. to 11:00 PM. 
at night. Very few (6 only) observations were made from 5:00 to 
7:00 P.M., the usual hours of sunset.

7. Color. Observers almost universally reported seeing a light-
colored object. Thirty observers reported "white" and twenty-five 
said "silver". Over 70 percent described glittering, shiny, luminescent., 
mirror-like, flame-like 
or other very bright objects. Only six individuals said 
black or dark.

8. Shape. Over half described the object as either "round", 
"disc-shaped", "spherical" or "circular". Other descriptions were 
similar. Very few observers saw any distinctive shape.

9. Size. The majority of observers did not specify the objects' 
size. Of those who did over half said it was less than 10 foot in its 
largest dimension. Many compared it with a dime, a lamp, a dot, a 
weather balloon, a baseball, etc.

Interpretation of the Common Points of All Reports

The words used by observers to describe the appearances of the 
unidentified objects fall into a surprisingly uniform pattern. The 
objects were usually reported as being far away, small, bright and 
without a distinctive shape. They were usually seen against a clear sky by 

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph; it is a scanned page of text from a report.

Here is the text as an OCR output:

```
Engineering Division. UNCLASSIFIED
Memorandum Report No. F-TR-2274-IA
25 April 1949
and were frequently seen for less than a minute.

First of all, it is obvious that it would usually be impossible for
observers to make reliable estimates of the speed, distance, or size
of such stimulus objects. It is not possible to estimate accurately
the distance of small bright objects viewed against a clear sky,
unless the object is identified first. If you know beforehand that an
object is a weather balloon, an F-80, or a dirigible you can estimate
its speed and distance with some degree of accuracy. In such situations
distance is judged on the basis of known size, and speed on the basis
of an estimate of distance plus the angular change in position. It
must be concluded, therefore, that most of the statements speed,
distance, altitude and size are entirely unreliable and should be
disregarded. This is doubly true of observations made at night. The
objects seen may actually have been at very great distances, or they
may have been relatively close by. In the latter case, of course, they 
could also have been quite small.

Secondly, it is probable that individuals who saw objects in
daylight were in many cases observing either the reflection of the sun
on a shiny surface or else looking directly at a light source of high
intensity. Aircraft themselves, when viewed against a clear sky, are
seen as dark objects against a lighter background unless they are
reflecting the sun's rays directly. This fact was recognized during
the recent war by camouflage experts who placed bright lights on the
leading edges of the wings of aircraft on anti-submarine patrol
in order to conceal them from the eyes of submarine lookouts. If 
observers, during daylight hours, were actually seeing lights, or
reflections of the sun, this would account in large measure for their
inability to identify the objects. On the other hand, if they were 
actually seeing enemy missiles, for example, the majority of reports
UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is entirely comprised of text. Here is the text as it appears on the document:

```
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
Engineer! Division. 
Memorandum Report No.1CXEIDX-5250-180 
23 APRIL 1949 
of daylight sightings should have been of dark objects.. It is possible, 
of course, that they may have thought the objects were bright because
they expected all aerial objects to be bright. 

On the basis of the evidence thus far considered, the most guess
as to the nature of a visual stimulus the would old old reports of 
unidentified flying objects is that in the daytime it would be the 

reflection o: the sun front an aircraft, a wind-blown object, etc,, 
and at night some direct light source, such as an engine exhaust, the 
11 ht on a weather balloon, a running, light on an aircraft, a meteor, 
etc, or light from the ground or the moon reflected back by birds or 
other objects in the air. 

Discussion of Sow ral Specific 1eports 

DI ocussion of a few specific reports will serve to Illustrate sume 
of tho points brought up earlier, particularly some of the factors that 
make observations of aerial phenomena inaccurate. 

Incidents Ifo. 51 and 163. 

In one case (Investigation No, 51) a civilian employee at Muroc 
Field at 0900 observed what looked like a balloon with a bright object 
suspended below it. It was estimated to by at abeut 6,000 Ft. The 
bright object appeared to reflect the sun's rays at times. After a 
few minutes he looked away and then could not find the object ag"n. 

In another case (Inc. 163) a reserve officer at Van Nuys, California, 
about an hour before dark saw an object that looked somewhat like a 
weather balloon at about 2000 Ft. He kept it in sight for about an 
hour. He later concluded that it was at a great height. At first it 
had the color of a fluorescent electric light but became orange as the 
sun went down and then rather suddenly bekame invisible. 

Both of these objects could well have been just what they appeared 
to resemble most--balloons. The sun was low in the sky in both cases.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
                                   UNCLASSIFIED
 ```

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. Here is the text output from the document:

```
Engineering Division
Memorandum Report No. MEXBD-69-IED                        UNCLASSII-LED
28 April 1949
Reflection of the sun's rays may have given an unusual appearance to
the object. The second case illustrates the uncertainty of judgments
of height or distance. The object looked i.e. ft, but when it remained
in view for an hour the observer decided that it must be very far
away. Actually he probably had nothing on which to base an accurate
estimate.

Incidents 61 and 61a.

Two couples saw approximately 12 objects flying in formation at
what they judged to be 2000 or 3000 foot altitude over Logan, Utah at
22:30. They were judged to be about the size of pigeons and looked white.
All four observers agreed that these objects looked and acted somewhat
like birds but all thought they were not birds because they appeared to
travel much faster than birds.

As we have seen, it is not possible to judge speed accurately
under the conditions of these observations, i.e., when looking at
objects of unknown size and distance against a...lit sky. The
objects may actually have been a flock of white birds, flying at a
relatively low altitude and reflecting the lights of the city.

Incidents 30, 20b, 20c, and lg, lg_a, lg_b, lg_c, lg_d.

During the same space of time (about half an hour) on the n.:.ht
of 7 January 1948 observers at Lockbourne Air Force Base, observers at
Clinton County AFB and the pilot of an aircraft flying from Dayton to
Washington reported an unidentified object in the sky. All reports
agreed as to the color and general appearance of the object, and
as to the fact that its light at times visible through a light overcast.
All agreed also that it was seen to the southwest. However, persons
at all three locations judged the object to be only a few miles away.
To all of them it looked motionless at times, then appeared to change
and lose elevation. A very similar object was seen by numerous
                                                                UNCLASSIFIED.
```

Please note that the document contains redactions, indicated by dashed lines (e.g., "i.e. ft"), and some text appears to be incomplete or obscured, such as at the end of the document, where the sentence is cut off.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image you have provided. It appears to be a typed document. As per your request, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and reproduce the text from the document.

```plaintext
Engineering Division
Memorandum Report No. IRXEDX-69[BLANK]15D
25 April 1949

UNCLASSIFIED

persons at Fort Knox and other towns in Kentucky a few hours earlier. 
All saw it in the southwest and many thought it was only a few miles 
away. The Commanding Officer at Goodman Field observed it for 
1 1/2 hours, (beginning at 1445). During this time it seemingly 
remained stationary. It was "chased" by four National Guard pilots,
one of whom crashed after having been up to 20,000 feet. It was also
reported by persons in Lexington, Madisonville, and Elizabethtown.

The significant fact that emerges from these reports again is the 
inability to estimate distance. It appears possible that persons
over parts of Kentucky and Ohio may have seen the same astronomical
phenomena which was a great many miles away. Nevertheless each believed
it to be relatively near his own location.

Incident No. 172.

A National Guard Pilot returning to Fargo, North Dakota, in a F-51
at approximately 2100 hours saw a small light in the air below him.
He was then in the traffic pattern. He dived on the light. The light
gained altitude. The pilot "chased" it up to 14,000 feet, making
various passes at it and attempts to ram it as he climbed. He finally
stalled out. 

Several inferences can be drawn from the several reports about this
incident. In the first place, when it is night, and a pilot is turning,
so steeply, and going such violent aerobatics, that he sometimes
blacks out, as was the case here, it would be very difficult if not
impossible to judge at the same time what another object was doing. In
the second place, if the pilot kept his eye intently on the object, as
also was the case here, he would have great difficulty in knowing and
reporting later what he himself was doing. The situation is very conducive
to loss of orientation. In other words, it is impossible to infer
[BLANK]

UNCLASSIFIED
```

The blank spaces I've indicated within brackets represent areas where the text is not fully visible or clear due to the quality of the image, as well as sections intentionally redacted in the original document.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but it does include a page of text from a document. Here is the text reproduced as accurately as possible:

```
(C)
Engineering Division
Memorandum Report No. F-TR-2274-RE
20 April 1949
UNCLASSIFIED

maneuvering or not maneuvering. It is quite possible that it was 
simply climbing steeply on a relatively straight course, such as would
be taken by a lighted weather balloon.

As a matter of fact, a lighted weather balloon was released by 
the Fargo Weather Station within 10 minutes of the time the light was
first sighted by the P-51 pilot. It is the opinion of the writer
that this lighted balloon easily could have accounted for all of the
pilot's observations. (It should be noted that the standard 30 inch
and 65 inch weather balloons have a vertical speed of about 600 and 
1100 ft./min. respectively.)

General Discussion and Summary

In the proceeding section the hypothesis has been advanced that
most reports of unidentified flying objects have been the result
of persons failing to identify familiar phenomena, such as reflections
from bright surfaces in the day: or lights in a night sky. It is 
believed that this explanation will account for many of the reports.
However, some reports unthold;; have other explanations.

Vertigo. The term vertigo covers a large group of miscellaneous
phenomena including air sickness, disbelief in one's instruments,
and partial loss of orientation. The conditions under which some of 
the observations of flying objects were made were such that they could
have produced loss of orientation on the part of an observer. This
is especially true for those experiences occurring at night and those
in which attempts were made to "chase" the object. Movement is always
relative. If the only outside reference is a point of light, and both
the observer and the object observed are moving, it would be practically
impossible under certain conditions to tell which was moving and 
which was not, or to separate out the two motions. It is hard enough
```

The document is part of Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's investigation into UFO sightings.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it is a page of typed text from what appears to be an official report.

Below is the text extracted from the document:

```
C (
Engineering Division
Memorandum Report No, MXEMX-69/69-15D           UNCLASSIFIED
28 April 1949

to fly a good pursuit curve on another aircraft in good daylight, for
example, much less to close on a solitary light at night. The difficulty
is due chiefly to the inability to judge distance or speed of a point
source of light.

Suggestion. Suggestion works in various ways. Sensational
radio and newspaper reports lead a few people to imagine they are
seeing things they are not seeing. The effect on most people is to
dampen their critical judgment. Under such conditions we are more
likely to overlook certain factors, and find it easier to accept the
suggested explanation uncritically. The opposed result would be to
make the reports of most observers slightly less accurate than if
they had ever heard reports of others seeing "flying saucers".
Particularly when the stimulus object is fuzzy or ill-defined, persons
tend to see it as resembling whatever is suggested to them. Carmichael
et a.l., for example (1932) showed individuals simple doodles and 
then the name of an object. When the individuals drew the design
from memory, they drew it to resemble whatever the object was that
had been suggested to them.

Precedents. An historical precedent can he found for most errors
of human observation. Although the writer has not tried to make an
historical survey of reports of earlier unidentified aerial objects,
he feels sure that there have been many such reports in years past,
particularly during and after World 11.

Small Wind-borne Objects. It is possible that some observers
may have seen small objects carried aloft by strong winds, or objects
dropped from aircraft. Bits of paper, small cartons, etc., may oc-
casionally be carried to a considerable height by strong winds. Air-
craftr may sometimes jettison small articles. It would be impossible to
UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the quality of the image and the nature of OCR, there may be some inaccuracies in the transcription.

- page 9 -

The image contains no photographs, only a page from a document with text. 

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
Engineering Division 
Memorandum Report No. [CENSORED]/9-[CENSORED] 
24 April 1949 UNCLASSIFIED

estimate the distance, size or speed of such objects, and it would be 
easy to fail to recognize them.

Conclusions

​ It is concluded by the writer that there are sufficient psychological 
explanations for the reports of unidentified flying objects to 
provide plausible explanations for reports not otherwise explainable.

These errors in identifying real stimuli result chiefly from inability 
to estimate speed, distance and size.

Recommendations

​ The following recommendations are offered:

1. Test the ability of pilots to estimate the course of a small 
lighted balloon while doing aerobatics with it at night. It is suggested 
that several pilots try to fly pursuit curves and collision courses 
on such targets at night and report accurately their sensations. It 
would be desirable, but probably impossible, to keep them from knowing 
the nature of the light source.

2. In all future reports of unidentified objects specify the 
location of the object with reference to polar coordinates (direction 
and cu, above the horizon) rather than asking individuals to estimate 
distance. If possible, obtain an estimate of size in terms of the 
visual angle subtended by the object.

3. In all future investigations determine the angular position 
of the sun with respect to the unidentified object and the observer.
Also determine the approximate time during which the object was in 
sight (this information was not available for more than half the 
reports).

[UNCLASSIFIED]
```

Please note that the [CENSORED] parts are elements that have been redacted and are not part of the original text.

- page 10 -

The image contains no photographs, only text. Here is the text as requested:

---
Engineering Division UNCLASSIFIED
Memorandum Report No. MCREXD-C9/9-ED
25 April 1949

References Cited

Carmichael, L., Hogan, H. P. and Walter, A. A.: An experimental study of the effect of language on the reproduction of visually perceived form. Journal of Experimental Psychology, 1932, 15, 73-86.

Guilford, J. P. Autokinesis and the streaming phenomena. American Journal of Psychology, 1929, 40, 403-417.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS; NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED. DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

15
---

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It's a scanned document page that appears to be a cover page or label for a report. Here is the text output from the document:

```
DR. FITTS REPORTS

7-3745 3884
1003851

K243.6012-27
28 Apr 1949

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASI(AFSHAF-A)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

SFIC

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document. Here is the text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

CONCLUSIONS

1. Evaluation of any type of unidentified flying objects to date 
demonstrates that these flying objects constitute a direct threat to the 
national security of the United States.

2. Reports of unidentified flying objects may be the result of:

  a. Misinterpretation of various conventional objects.

  b. A mild form of mass hysteria or "war nerves".

  c. Individuals who fabricate such reports to perpetrate a 
hoax or to seek publicity, fame, etc.

  d. Psychological persons.

3. Planned release of unusual aerial objects coupled with sly
release of related psychological propaganda could cause mass hysteria.

  a. Employment of these methods by or against an enemy would
yield similar results.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR 
INTERVALS; NOT AUTOMATICALLY
DECLASSIFIED. DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

vl

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but it does feature text and symbols associated with a document's classification status. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

SMC

APPENDIX G

Dr. Paul M. White

Psychological Analysis of Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects.

UNCLASSIFIED
AUTHORIZED   }
INTERVALS.   NOT AUTHTZED    }
DECLASSIFIED. DO    }

UNC. ASSIGNED
100381
```

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
U. S. AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS, AIR MATERIEL COMOLE
ENGINEERING DIVISION
WRIGHT-PATTERSON APB, DAYTON, OHIO
MEMORANDUM REPORT ON
25 April 1949

SUBJECT: Psychological Analysis of Reports of Unidentified
Aerial Objects

SECTION: Aero Medical Laboratory

SERIAL NO.: MCREXD-69-185
Expenditure Order No. 57J-38

1. PURPOSE

1. At the request of the Technical Intelligence Division, T-2, headquarters
Department, AMC, an analysis has been made, from a psychological point of
view, of 212 interrogations of persons reporting sightings of unidentified
aerial objects.

2. FACTUAL DATA

2. A report of this analysis is attached as Appendix A.

3. CONCLUSION

3. It is concluded by the writer that there are sufficient psychological
explanations for the reports of unidentified flying objects to provide
plausible explanations for reports not otherwise explaining. These errors
in identifying real stimuli result chiefly from inability to estimate
speed, distance and size.

4. RECOMMENDATIONS

4. Test the ability of pilots to estimate the course of a small
lighted balloon while doing aerobatics with it at night. It is suggested
that several pilots try to fly pursuit curves and collision courses with
such targets at night and report accurately their sensations. It would be
desirable, but probably impossible, to keep them from knowing the origin
of the light source.

5. In all future reports of unidentified objects specify the location
of object with reference to polar coordinates (azimuth and degrees above
the horizon) rather than asking individuals to estimate state: no. of
possible, obtain an estimate of size in terms of the visual angle subtended
by the object.

6. In all future investigations determine the angular position
of the sun with respect to the unidentified object and the observer.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that in transferring the text, I have preserved the formatting and spelling as they appear in the document, even though there may be some typographical errors or inconsistencies in the original text.

- page 15 -

There are no photographs present on the page. The text on the document is as follows:

```
Engineering Division
Memorandum Report No. [CENSORED] 28 April 1949

Also determine the appropriate time during which the subject was at [REDACTED].
(this information was not available for more than [REDACTED] requests).

Prepared by: [signature]
[REDACTED] F/LT., USAF
Chief, Fyling [sic] Branch

Prepared by: [signature]
[REDACTED] CIVILIAN
Supervisor of [REDACTED]
Psychology Branch

Approved by: [signature]
[REDACTED] Lt. Col., MC
Chief, Clinical Services Division
Aero Medical Laboratory

Approved by: [signature]
[REDACTED] D. KINGSBURY, Col., MC [REDACTED]
Chief, Aero Medical Laboratory

Distribution:
[REDACTED] (2)
[REDACTED] (2)

[REDACTED] 
DECLASSIFIED AUTHORITY [REDACTED]
DECLASSIFIED DOD DIR 5200.9

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 16 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
Engineering Division 
Memorandum Report No. AMC3D-69-1BD 
as April 1949                                                          UNCLASSIFIED 

APPENDIX A

PSYCHOLOGICAL ANALYSIS OF REPORTS OF 
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

The Inaccuracy of Human Observation 

    Psychologists have long known that human perception is fallible. 
In fact, part of the science of psychology is concerned with the 
measurement of errors of observation, and with the discovery of the 
conditions and laws that govern such phenomena.

    Errors of observation may be classified as variable or constant. 
Variable errors are those in which a number of separate observations 
are found to differ from one another. The distribution of such 
errors often follows the normal probability curve. Constant errors 
are those in which observations are consistently biased in one or 
another direction. For example, individuals often are guilty of a
constant error, in the direction of underestimation, in reporting 
their ages.

    Errors of observation may be classified further as precision errors 
and identification errors. Inaccuracy in estimating the speed of an 
aircraft is an example of the former. Mistaking an aircraft for a 
"flyfying saucer" is an example of the latter.

    It is the purpose of the present report to analyze 212 reports of 
observations of unidentified flying objects in order to see to what 
extent these reports can be explained in terms of known psychological 
facts and principles. 

Scientific Method and a Posteriori Data

    A word of caution must be injected at the outset of this report. 
Certain conditions are necessary for drawing valid scientific conclusions.

                                                        UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that some parts of the text may be obscured or damaged due to the quality of the document.

- page 17 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided. Here is the text from the document:

```
Engineering Division.
Memorandum Report No. MCREXD-694-6308544
26 April 1949                                 UNCLASSIFIED

These conditions are largely lacking in the case of the data available
on unidentified flying objects.  It is impossible to say with any
assurance what any particular individual in this series of 212 reports
was actually observing at any particular time. It is only possible
to examine the accumulation of available evidence or the characteristics
of all reports of a given class (e.g., all reports from say, commer-
cial airline observers) and to consider them in a statistical sense. If
certain characteristics appear repeatedly in reports from different
people it may be possible to infer causal factors.

  It will never be possible, on the other hand, to say with certainty,
that any given observer could not have seen a space ship or similar
'missile', or some other object.  It will only be possible to estimate
the probability that he could have seen such things.

  The principal hypothesis to be examined in the following discussion
is that reports of unidentified flying objects have the characteristics
that would be expected if they were cases of failure, on the part of
typical normal individuals, to identify common or familiar phenomena.
Possible Sources of Inaccurate Reports of Flying Objects

  There are three broad classes of mistakes in human observations.
These are the following: 1. Misinterpreting the nature of real stimuli,
2. Mistaking unreal (imaginary) stimuli for real ones, and 3. Deliberate
falsifications. Each of these are considered briefly below:

  (1) Errors in Identifying Real Stimuli. All normal,
intelligent people experience certain errors of observation. The
moon appears much larger on the horizon than when it is high in the
sky. A stick looks bent when one end is in water. Distant objects
appear relatively close in clear, desert atmosphere. A small point-
source of light, if viewed in a dark room, will appear to move about in
UNCLASSIFIED
```


- page 18 -

There is a diagram in the document comprised of a vertical line labeled "C" at one end and a horizontal line with ends labeled "A" and "B." There is a diagonal line connecting "C" to a midpoint between "A" and "B" labeled "D."

Here is the text output from that page:

```
Engineering Division.
Memorandum Report No.: [REDACTED] UNCLASSIFIED
26 April 1949
the autokinetic illusion (see Guilford, J. P., 1932). In the accom-
panying figure the line AD looks approximately as long as the line CD, 
but when you measure them the two will be found to be of quite different 
lengths.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR 
INTERVALS; NOT AUTOMATICALLY
DECLASSIFIED. DOD DIR 5200.10 

Visual stimuli originating within the eye itself also give rise 
to mistaken observations. Muscae volitantes or "flying gnats" are small 
solid particles that float aínat in the fluids of the eye and cast 
shadows on the retina. They often can be seen when you look up at 
the clear sky, or when you are reading. They move as your eyes move. 
It is sometimes possible also to see corpuscles or other objects that 
are circulating within the fluids in the ret;ia of the eye.

Then, of course, everyone from time to time mistakes some more 
or less familiar object for another object. A probable explanation 
for many reports of unidentified aerial phenomena is that the object 
is really something quite familiar, such as an aircraft, a light, or a 
bird. The observer simply fails to identify it correctly. These 
errors arise chiefly as a result of inability to estimate speed and 
distance.

(2) Mistaking Imaginary for Real Events: This error of 
observation is usually made only by children, by individuals of low 
intelligence (people who are very suggestible), by people who see 
visions, or by the mentally ill. It usually is not difficult for an
UNCLASSIFIED
``` 

Please note that there is a redaction in the document's header where a number or identifier was blacked out.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It features a typed document page that appears to be from an official report. Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will transcribe the text from the document:

```
Engineering Division
Memorandum Report No. HEMED(5)9-4-120               UNCLASSIFIED
27 April 1949

expert to spot this type of person. Reports will be received from such
persons especially at times when the radio and newspapers carry accounts
of strange phenomena. Relatively few of the 212 investigations con-
sidered in this report are of this nature, probably because investigators
interviewed only the more reliable type of witness.

(3) Deliberate Falseficators. It is always possible that
some persons will file false reports. Circulation of false reports
has been a widely used psychological warfare tactic from earliest times.
This procedure might have some utility in wartime, but it hardly seems
likely that it would be resorted to at this time. Probably, however,
some individuals start false reports of "flying saucers" for the same
reason that they turn in false fire alarms.

Some Consistent Points in the Reports of Unidentified Objects.

The following section summarizes some significant facts that come
out of a tabulation of 212 reports of interceptions by USAF Intelligence
officers of some of the individuals who reported seeing unidentified
flying objects. It is understood that these interceptions covered
primarily persons that were judged to be reliable. Most of the 212
reports were made by pilots, non-flying officers, professional men,
government employees, scientists and other supposedly dependable
people.

1. Number of objects. About 75% of the people who reported
on the number of objects seen said that they saw only one object.

2. Time the object remained in sight. About half of the persons
specifying time in sight saw the object for 60 seconds or less.

3. Altitude and distance of the object. Of those who estimated
the distance of the object, two-thirds judged it to be more than a mile
away. Ninety percent also thought that it was more than 1,000 feet high.
                                                         UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 20 -

