The image does not contain any photographs. It is a textual document. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE • TIME GROUP            2. LOCATION 
17 Jul 49  18/0245Z                  New Orleans, Louisiana 

3. SOURCE                      10. CONCLUSION 
Civilian                                              AIRCRAFT 

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 

OȠΞ 

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 

30 sec to 5 min 

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION 

Ground-Visual 

7. COURSE 

Southeast 

8. PHOTOS 

☐ Yes 
☒ No 

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 

☐ Yes 
☒ No 

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS 

Object was larger than a small airplane. It was a luminous 
gray color. Seemed to be traveling faster than an aircraft. 
Disappeared behind a building.

FTD SEP 63 0379 (TDE)                           Previous editions of this form may be used.
```

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten page from a report with some information redacted. Below is the text from the document:

```
Page Li
Essential Elements of Info
Project "SIGN"

19. Manner of disappearance Descended very slowly and faded out,
never reached the earth.
    a. Explode
       (1) Possibility of fragments
       (2) Other physical evidence
    b. Faded from view x
    c. Disappeared behind obstacle

                       Relative to the Observer
  
1.  Name of observer Mrs. [redacted] - Age 65

2.  Address Moreauville, Louisiana

3.  Occupation Housewife

4.  Place of business Home [redacted] Moreauville, 
    La., 501' north of Highway 30.
    a. Employer or employee

5.  Hobbies None
    a. Time engaged in hobby (experience)
    Is observer amateur astronomer, pilot, engineer, etc.!

6.  Ability to determine Normal
    a. Color
    b. Speed of moving objects
    c. Size at distance

7.  Reliability of observer Usually reliable
    a. Sources
        (1) Neighbor x
        (2) Police Dept x
        (3) FBI records
        (4) Employer
```

The 'x' marks next to "Neighbor" and "Police Dept" seem to serve as checkboxes or indications of confirmation. Please note that some personal information has been redacted from this document likely for privacy reasons.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image you provided.

Here's the text output from the document:

```
Page 5
Essential Elements of Info
Project "SIGN"

UNCLASSIFIED

8. Notes relative to observer on 

   a. Sightings in general No reason to doubt observer's information.

   b. How attention was drawn to object (s) 

      (1) Sound
      (2) Motion
      (3) Object of light Observer's attention drawn to object by
          object's brilliant reflection.

9. Witnesses Mr.  son of Mrs. 

   a. Addresses Moreauville, La.

   b. Occupation Asst. Mgr. La. Electric & Ice Co., Menusura, La.

   c. Reliability Usually reliable.

10. Comments of interrogator ro intelligence and character of person 
    interrogated Subject apparently physically and mentally alert,
    middle class of people, French by nationality, emotionally stable.
    No Relativo to Radar Sightings

1. Re radars now operating on ground

   a. Observations of range, speed, altitude and size of target

   b. Does target execute any turns? If so, what angle (1^o), etc., and 
      what radius of turn. If radius of turn is not observable, how long 
      did the target stay in the turn and what was its spoed?

   c. Note particularly any separation of distant target into separation 
      of a distant target into several targets upon approach. Track all 
      if possible.

If airborne when object sighted

   a. Were there any radar inductions or extra noise on radio circuits

   b. Give estimates of size, speed, manouvers, etc.

UNCLASSIFIED

8-3801-TC
```

Please note that due to the quality of the image, some parts of the text, especially where there are redactions (e.g., names) or marks, are incomplete or marked out.

- page 3 -

There are no photographs present on this document page.

The text on the document reads as follows:

```
P..ge 6                                                 GENERAL
                                                    UNCLASSIFIED 

1. Teletype sequences of local weather conditions

2. Winds aloft report

3. Local flight schedules of commercial, private and military aircraft
   flying in vicinity at the time.(Check Canadian activity if close to th: 
   border.)

4. Possible release of testing devices in vicinity sent aloft by Ordnance, 
   Navy, Airforce, Army, Weather Units, Research Organisations or any other 
   purpose or spot where object landed (and then presumably departed) for 
   purpose of making comparision of soils

5. If object contacted earth, obtain soil samples within and without de-
   pression or spot where object landed (and then presumably departed) for
   purpose of making comparison of soils 
   
6. If object came sufficiently near other aircraft or known objects check 
   surfaces with Geiger counters for possible radioactivity.  Make comparisons 
   with other unaffected aircraft objects, etc.

7. Obtain photographs (or original negatives) where available; if not, secure 
   sketches of

   a. Object
   b. Surrounding terrain where observed
   c. Place where it contacted earth (if this happened)
   d. Maneuvers
   e. Formation if objects were more than two

8. Secure signed statement

9. Obtain fragments or physical evidence where possible

10. Was any radio antenna to be observed, i.e., (any projections or extensions 
    that might presumably be construed as such).

UNCLASSIFIED

8-3801-FC
```

- page 4 -

The image you've provided is a page from an official document and does not contain any photographs, but rather it has typed text. Here is the transcription of the text:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
                               INCIDENT NO. 402
1. Date of Observation       17 July 1949       Date of Interview    21 July 1949
2. Exact Time (local)        2045

3. Place of Observation      [Redacted]

4. Position of observer      2nd floor gallery of house at above address

5. What attracted attention to object       Chance

6. Number of objects         1

7. Apparent size             Larger than small airplane

8. Color of object           Luminous gray

9. Shape                     Oblong

10. Altitude                 45°

11. Direction from observer  Northeast

12. Distance from observer   2000 ft.

13. Direction of flight of object(s)        Southeast

14. Time in sight            30 Seconds

15. Speed                    Faster than normal speed of airplane

16. Sound and odor           None

17. Trail                    None

18. Luminosity               Shiny but not brilliant

19. Projections              Finger-like projections from each end.

20. Maneuvers                Object undulated on a straight line of flight.

21. Manner of disappearance  Behind building

22. Effect on Clouds         None

23. Additional information concerning object       None

24. Weather Conditions       Dark, bright moon and stars

                                  (over)

UNCLASSIFIED
``` 

The redaction marks, such as on the document item number 3, indicate that certain information has been censored or omitted for privacy or confidentiality reasons, which is common practice in declassified government documents.

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page with text only. Here is the text as an OCR system output:

UNCLASSIF..

Page 2  Incident ______ 402

Name and address of observer;  Dr. [REDACTED] , New Orleans, La.

Occupation and hobbies;
Associate Prof. of Anatomy, La. State School of Medicine
Collection of early american portraits

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):
Excellent character, not one to exaggerate, wears glasses, correcting vision to 20/20.

NARRATIVE SUMMARY; None

UNCLASSIF...

- page 6 -

The image displays a textual document and does not contain any photographs. Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED INCIDENT NO. 402A
1.  Date of Observation 17 July 1949     Date of Interview  19 July 1949
2.  Exact Time (local) 2030
3.  Place of Observation  -------  Alexandria, Louisiana
4.  Position of observer Front porch at above address
5.  What attracted attention to object  Chance
6.  Number of objects 1
7.  Apparent size  4 inches in diameter
8.  Color of object  Amber
9.  Shape  Round
10.  Altitude  250º
11.  Direction from observer  Northwest
12.  Distance from observer  Four Miles
13.  Direction of flight of object(s)  Northwest
14.  Time in sight  Five minutes
15.  Speed  Unknown
16.  Sound and odor  None
17.  Trail  None
18.  Luminosity  Very brilliant
19.  Projections  None
20.  Maneuvers  None
21.  Manner of disappearance  Behind clouds
22.  Effect on Clouds  None.
23.  Additional information concerning object  None
24.  Weather Conditions  Dark, no moon, clear with scattered clouds
                                                  (over)
[UNCLASSIFIED]
```

- page 7 -

The document does not contain any photographs. Below is the text extracted from the document:

---
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

FILE NO. 332-125
DATE 8 August 1949
REPORT MADE BY DONALD V. OWENS
REPORT MADE AT DO #9, Barksdale AFB, La.
PERIOD 29 July 1949
OFFICE OF ORIGIN DO #9, Barksdale AFB, La.
STATUS CLOSED

TITLE PROJECT "SIGN"
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL PHENOMENON

CHARACTER SUBVERSIVE ACTIVITY
REFERENCE None. This is an initial report.
SYNOPSIS

This investigation was conducted at the request of the District
Commander, 9th OSI District, upon receipt of information that an
unidentified aerial phenomenon was sighted over Moreauville, La.,
on 18 July 1949.

Investigation at Moreauville, La., revealed that Mrs. 
had, at approximately 0105 hours, 18 July 1949, sighted
an object which she described as being a brilliant, golden color
and was moving very slowly, even slower than a person could walk,
from east to west and about the size of an ordinary dessert plate.

CLOSED

DISTRIBUTION ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO                                   FILE STAMP

CG, Wright-Patterson 3 Commanding General
AFB (Action Cy)       Air Material Command
DO #5                     2 Wright-Patterson AFB
HQ OSI                    Dayton, Ohio
DO #9, File            2 

APPROVED

Edward R. Ford 
Major, USAF
District Commander

AFHO FORM
15 Jan 49    O-82808     Replace AFOCI Form 2, dtd 2 Sep 47    15-5774-1   U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE
---

Please note that some areas of the report are occluded and represented by the symbol ● for the redacted information.

- page 8 -

The image you've provided is of a text document and does not contain any photographs. I will now transcribe the text as an OCR system would:

CONFIDENTIAL

DETAILS:                                    [UNCLA]

1. This Investigation was conducted at the request of the Commanding Officer, 9th District OSI, upon receipt of information that an unidentified aerial phenomenon had been seen at approximately 0105 hours on the morning of 18 July 1949, at Moreauville, La.

2. On 27 July 1949, Mrs. [Redacted] was interviewed at her home located three-fourths (3/4) mile southwest of Moreauville, Louisiana, along State Highway 30. Mrs. [Redacted] related that at approximately 0105 hours, 18 July 1949, she arose from her bed and at the time she stood up by the side of her bed, a very brilliant light reflected through the south window of her bedroom and attracted her attention. Mrs. [Redacted] explained that she observed this object which appeared to be a VERY golden color and was moving from east to west. This object appeared to be moving very slowly, as slow as a person could walk or from two (2) to five (5) miles per hour. This object was observed for approximately four (4) or five (5) minutes, and in an effort to determine whether or not the object could have been a shooting or falling star, Mrs. [Redacted] called her son, [Redacted] from the next room. Her son immediately arose and came to the window and observed the object along with her for approximately five or six minutes more. Mrs. [Redacted] stated that prior to the object's disappearance it made a very slight descent and then appeared to fade out. Mrs. [Redacted] related that at the time she sighted the above object, the weather was fair and warm and there were no clouds in sight, the moon was shining quite brightly. Mrs. [Redacted] could not estimate the distance and angle of the object, figuratively speaking, but she was able to thoroughly describe the approximate location from her bedroom window. Mrs. [Redacted] further stated that the object she sighted did not perform any tactics or maneuvers but moved very slowly and did not seem to rotate. This object was about the size of an ordinary dessert plate.

CLOSED

INCLOSURES:

FOR COMMANDING GENERAL, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, DAYTON, OHIO:

Two (2) copies of Form 8-3001 TC, Subject, Project "Sign".

FOR DISTRICT OFFICE NO. 5, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, DAYTON, OHIO:

One (1) copy of above listed inclosure.

FOR HEADQUARTERS OSI, WASHINGTON, D. C.:

Two (2) copies of above listed inclosure.

CONFIDENTIAL

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph; it is a text document. Here is the text as requested:

```
ESSENTIAL INFORMATION
(Re Sighting(s) of Unidentified Aerial
Object (s)
PROJECT "SIGN"

1. Date of sighting 18 July 1949

2. Time of sighting 0105 to 0117
(Sonal by 24 hr clock)

3. Where sighted:

a. Ground

(1) City, town Moreauville, La., 12 Mi. SW from
Marksville, La.

(2) Distance and direction from city or town,
road, intersections, etc. 3/4 Mi. SW of Moreauville, La.

(3) From building (story), yard, etc. South Window, ground floor.

(4) Map coordinates (if feasible) showing Not available
latitude and longitude

b. Air

(1) Type aircraft, speed, altitude, direction of flight

(2) Distance and direction from city, town or known landmark

(3) Clock position of object from observer's aircraft

(4) Latitude and longitude

c. Sea

(1) Latitude and longitude

(2) Proximity to land
(Name city, country, etc.)

4. Number of objects One (1)

a. Formation type (if any) (Sketch if possible)

5. Distance of object from observer 2000 - 3000 feet

a. Laterally or horizontally

b. Angle of elevation from horizon 25º to 35º from horizontal

c. Altitude 500 - 800 feet
```

Please note that question 5b appears to have a typographical error and may be meant to say 'from horizontal' rather than 'from horizon.'

- page 10 -

This document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten page from a report. I will now transcribe the text as requested:

```
Page 2
Essential Elements of Info       :
Project "SIGN"                   :

6. Time in sight 10 - 12 minutes

7. Appearance of object  Round and thin
   a. Color  Glittering golden to point of hurting observer's eyes.
   b. Shape  (sketch if possible)
   c. Apparent construction (translucent)  Solid
   d. Size  Approximately 7 inches in diameter, 1/2 inch to 1 
      inch thick.
      (1) Estimated size
      (2) Size as it appeared from observer's view
          (Compared to known object)  Size of dessert plate

8. Direction of flight  From east to west

9. Tactics or manouvers None

   a. Vertical ascent or descent, horizontal, oscillating, Very slight de-
      gree Fluttering, evasive, aggressive, erratic, etc. seen just prior to 
      fading out of sight.

10. Evidence of exhaust None
   a. Color of smoke  None
   b. Length and witdth  None
   c. Odor (if any)  None
   d. Rate of evaporation  None
   e. Does trail vary with sound? (spurts)  None
   
11. Effect on clouds  No clouds
   a. Opened path thru clouds
   b. Formed cloud or mists
   c. Reflected on cloud
   d. Shown thru cloud

12. Lights  Entire object luminous
   a. Reflected or attached  Reflected
   b. Luminous
   c. Blinked on and off in relation to speed  No
``` 

The document appears to be a standardized form used to report and describe sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) as a part of Project SIGN.

- page 11 -

The image you've provided is a text document and does not contain any photographs. I will now act as an OCR system and provide you with the text content from the document:

```
Page 3. 
Essential El ments of Info omat  UNCLASSIFIED
Project "SIGN"

13. Support None apparent
    a. Wings
    b. Aerodynamic lift of fuselage
    c. Vertical jet
    d. Rotating cylinder or cone
    e. Aerostatic lift (balloon or dirigible)
14. Propulsion Unknown
    a. Propellor or Jet None visible
    b. Rotor
    c. Aerodynamic vanes (flapping or oscillating)
       (Katzmayr effect)
    d. Visible exhaust or jet openings None visible
15. Control and stability Object moved very slowly and smoothly
    a. Fine
    b. Stabilizers (horizontal or vertical) None visible
       (1) Size
       (2) Shape
       (3) Location
16. Air ducts None visible
    a. Slots
    b. Duct openings
17. Speed - M.P.H. 2 - 5 M.P.H.
18. Sound None
    a. Continuous whine or buzz
    b. Roar, whistle, whoosh
    c. Intermittentt

Unclassified
8-3501-TC
```

- page 12 -

