No photograph is present in the image provided. Here is the text output from the document:

---

PROJECT 10073

1. DATE 11 Sept 48(48-?) 2. LOCATION Maplewood, Ohio 3/6
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Less than 2 minutes.
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE North-Northeast
8. PHOTOS
D Yes 9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
D Yes

10. CONCLUSION HOAX??
Data presented to indicate object could not have been an A/C.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Flat round or saucer shaped object, silver-colored, 1-1/2 times
in diameter. Floated very high in sky, revolving. Radio
"Con" waves.
Observation could have been influenced by recent newspaper
articles on UFO's in that area.

FORM 97 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

---

Note: The document contains information consistent with reports from Project Blue Book, which investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The format seems typical for a summary of a sighting, including details about the source, number of objects, type of observation, and conclusions drawn by the investigators. The conclusion section contains a question "HOAX??" suggesting the investigators were considering the possibility that the report was a fabricated story.

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph; it is an image of a textual document. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

5D-CSI/RI/30lk

SUBJECT: Project GRUDGE
Incident, 7 May 1949
Sidney, Ohio
SECURITY & CONTROL

TO
Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: MCIAIS

27 May 1949

1. Reference is made to Routing & Record Sheet, your office,
dated 10 May 1949, requesting investigation be conducted on the
"flying saucer" at Sidney, Ohio.

2. Forwarded for your information are two (2) copies of the
final report of Special Agent ROSCOE FAZE, of this office, dated
26 May 1949.

3. With the submission of this report, all logical investiga-
tive leads have been developed and reported.

Incl
Rpt of SA ROSCOE FAZE
dtd 26 May 49 (in dup)

Copy to:
Hq. OSI

THOMAS F. DYLE, JR.
Captain, USAF
Acting District Commander

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

This document appears to be an unclassified memo related to "Project GRUDGE," which pertains to a reported UFO incident in Sidney, Ohio, on 7 May 1949. It has been addressed to the Commanding General of the Air Materiel Command at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio. This document includes a mention of a report from Special Agent Roscoe Faze dated 26 May 1949.

- page 2 -

The image is of a document with text that is partially legible. There is no photograph present in this image. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

The Sidney Daily News
BY WIRE AND CABLE TO THE
Date: Typo
[unclear text]ITORIAL
[rest of the text is not visible or legible]

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. Here's the text output:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
TECHNICAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

TITLE

PROJECT "GRUDGE"
Incident, 7 May 1949
Sidney, Ohio

CHARACTER

SPECIAL INQUIRY

REFERENCE

SYNOPSIS

ZONE. This is an in; tial report.

Investigation requested by Colonel W. R. CLING ERMAN,
Chief, Analysis Division, Intelligence Department,
Headquarters, Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, to investigate a report
contained in the 7 May 1949 edition of the Dayton Daily
News, Dayton, Ohio, that a "flying saucer" was near
Sidney, Ohio on 6 May 1949. An unidentified object
silver object was observed traveling through space at
a fast rate of speed on 3, 4, and 6 May 1949, by residents
of Sidney, Ohio and Maplewood, Ohio.

DOWNGRADET, AT TO IM  CLASSIFIED STATUS
DECLASSIFICATION DT:
DOD DIR 5200.10

DISTRIBUTION

C/CG, AIC (Incl) 2
Hq OSI (Incl) 2
File (Incl) 2

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO 

Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio
ATIN: MCIAIS

APPROVED

/s/ JOHN E. MORRISON,
JOHN E. MORRISON,
Major General, USAF
WILSON G. 
THOMAS L. DOYLE, JR.
Captain, USAF
Acting District Commander

UNCLASS:IF:ED 

AFRN FORM O-208 Replaces AFRN Form 4, 23 Jul 46
18—57744—1 U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE
```

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. Here is the text as requested:

```
50 24-2lk
PROJECT "GRUDGE"

UNCLASSIFIED

DATE: 31 liqy 19i9

1. This investigation ws s'crelated upon receipt of a Routing and Record Sheet, dated 10 Mey 19i9, from Colonel '. :. Cllff:graff, Chief, Analysis Division, Intelligence Department (1.:.i.R.), Headquarters, Air ivt;rel Command, Wright--T.atterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, requesting en iiterview with the cuthor of the "flying scucer" sae'n at Sidney, Ohio and nrorted by a newspaper article in the 7 May 19i9 edition of the Dayton Daily News, Dayton, Ohio.

AT DAYTON, OHIO

2. X. ------, of the Dayton Daily News, Dayton, Ohio, was contacted on 18 May 19i9 and he stated that hess ------- of the Sidney Daily News, Sidney, Ohio, had furnished them the informo'tion for their newspaper.

AT SIDNEY, OHIO

3. X.--s -------, of the Sidney Daily News, Sidney, Ohio was interviewed on 18 Mey 19i9 and she stated that the only information th?t she had on the "flying saucer" was published in their paper on 3 May l9i9 end 6 Mey 19i9. She also comples of the two newspaper arrticles mentioned. The articles stated that Xrs.-------, howneStreet, Sidney, Ohio end lit.--------, Maplewood, Ohio saw a "flying dsc" on (i Hay 19(9. Xrs.----- end Mr. --------, Sidney, Ohio seen it 3cay, end saw a "flying disc" on 6 Hay 19i9.

4. Kt. --------- was interviewed on 18 May 19i9 and he stated thit he had observrd an unidentified aerial object at approsimately 0900 hours on 3 Hay 19i9, Just as he was opening his Jewelry store for business. He stated that he was watching some birds on a high wire that crossed the street in front of his store when the bright shiny sliver object appeared high in the sky. The object was shaped like a disc, aprotimately five inches in diameter and appeared to be traveling at a fast speed. The object appeared at approximately eighty-five degrees overhead and was traveling northeast. Xr. --------- stated that the object veered in flight, climbed and descended slightly and was in sight for approximately two minutes. The weather was clear, no wind was blowing, and no planes were in the vicinity at the time the object was in sight. The object didn't make any sound or leave any trail. --------- did not take any photographs of object.

5. Xr. --------- was interviewed on 18 May 19i9 and he stated that he saw the object when --------- called his attention to it. He stated that the time was between 0900 and 0915 hours on 3 Hay 19i9. The object was oblong in shape and appeared to be about the size of a football. The object was in sight for approximately two minutes and was traveling north in a straight line 

2 UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 5 -

The image provided is a black and white scanned document and it does not contain any photographs.

As requested, here is the text contained within the document, reproduced as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output:

---
5? ZLI-21K
17,0700 PAGE----- OF------ PAGES
UNCLASSIFIED

3½ leaving a bright colored trail behind.

6. [Redacted Name] Sidney, Ohio was inter-
viewed on 15 May 1949 and he stated that he observed object at approximately
0830 horus on 6 May 1949, in front of Cook's Spot Restaurant, located at the
corner of South Ohio and west Court Streets, Sidney, Ohio. The brightness
of the object attracted his attention while he was unable to determine
the shape of the object due to its bright reflection, but believed it to be
approximately five inches in diameter. The object was about a half mile
west and travelling south at a great altitude. The object was in sight ap-
proximately two minutes, appeared to be travelling at a fast rate of speed
and remained out in the sky. The object traveled in a straight line and was
very brilliant against a clear, blue sky. The object did not make any sound
or leave any trail. Mr. [Redacted] could not see any projections as the object was
too bright and too far away. Is the owner of the camera store at
the above address but did not take any photographs of the object.

7. Mr. [Redacted Name] West Poplar Street, Sidney, Ohio was inter-
viewed on 18 May 1949 and he stated that he saw the object which
called her attention to it. The object appeared to be five inches in diam-
eter, one inch in thickness and was probably larger due to the great distances.
The object had a flat, circular shape ------- stated that the last eight
of the object once out of it reappeared in the same position.
The object was an object which do not correspond in the same position. The rest
of the objects do not correspond to that which they see, which is a round
sphere. Mr. [Redacted] couldn't give any description other than that it was a round,
bright, shiny object travelling south through space at a fast rate of speed.

AT MAPLEWOOD, OHIO

9. Mrs. [Redacted] Maplewood, Ohio was intervieed on 18
May 1949 and she stated that at approximately 1630 hours, 4 May 1949, while
she was working in the garden of her farm which is approximately three miles
north east of Port Jefferson, Ohio and an island is all miles west of Maplewood,
Ohio, she was attracted by the sudden flare of an unidentified object. The
object reflected very bright light when the sun hit it and it was whirling and
traveling through space at a great rate of speed. The object appeared to be
six inches diameter, a bright, silver color and had a flat round or flat oblong
shape. Mrs. [Redacted] sighted the object at a high altitude, traveling northwest.
The object appeared to be between her farm and Port Jefferson. The object
was in sight for less than two minutes and disappeared by fading out in the sky,
the object did not make any sound or leave any trail. The weather was clear,
no wind was blowing and no planes were in the vicinity at the time the object
was in sight. No photographs were taken of the object.

UNCLASSIFIED
3

---

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a cover or a summary page of a document. Here is the text as requested:

----

ST LO-4X
PROJECT SIGN
VERY SECRET/CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLAS3IFIED

1. Photostatic copy of newspaper article from Sidney Daily News, dated
3 July 1949.
2. Photostatic copy of newspaper article from Sidney Daily News, dated
6 May 1949.

C L O S E D

----

Note: The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the page. The handwritten text and some portions are not clearly visible, and I've provided the visible text only.

- page 7 -

The image provided is a text document and contains no photographs. Here is the text reproduced from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

INCIDENT NO. 310

1. Date of Observation 14 May 1949 Date of Interview 16 May 1949
2. Exact Time (local) 1830
3. Place of Observation RR 1 Maplewood, Ohio (3 miles NW of Port Jefferson, Ohio)
4. Position of observer Ground
5. What attracted attention to object. Glare
6. Number of objects 1
7. Apparent size 6 Inches in diameter
8. Color of object Silver colored
9. Shape Flat round or flat oblong (disc).
10. Altitude high
11. Direction from observer Southeast (inferred)
12. Distance from observer 1 to 2 Miles (inferred)
13. Line of Flight of object(s) Northeast
14. Time in sight Less than 2 minutes.
15. Speed Great rate
16. Sound and odor None noticed
17. Trail None noticed
18. Luminosity Reflected very bright light
19. Projections None noticed
20. Manoeuvres Whirling
21. Manner of disappearance Faded from view
22. Effect on Clouds
23. Additional Information Concerning Object-
24. Weather Conditions. Clear, no wind.

(over)

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present on this document. Below is the text contained in the document.

Page 2                                              Incident 310

Name and address of observer:         Mrs. ------                  Maplewood, Ohio

Occupation and hobbies:

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

NARRATIVE SUMMARY:
AT MAPLEWOOD, OHIO

Mrs. ------      of Maplewood, Ohio was interviewed on 18 May
1949 and she stated that at approximately 1630 hours, 4 May 1949, while she
was working in the garden of her farm which is approximately three miles
northwest of Port Jefferson, Ohio and four and a half miles west of Maplewood,
Ohio, she was attracted by the sudden glare of an unidentified object. The
object reflected very bright lights when the sun hit it and it was whirling
and traveling through space at a great rate of speed. The object appeared
to be six inches diameter, a bright, silver color and had a flat round or
flat oblong shape. Mrs. ------ sighted the object at a high altitude, travel-
ing northeast. The object appeared to be between her farm and Port Jeffer-
son. The object was in sight for less than two minutes and disappeared by
fading out in the sky. The object did not make any sound or leave any
trail. The weather was clear, no wind was blowing and no planes were in
the vicinity at the time the object was in sight. No photographs were
taken of the object.

                                               UNCLASSIFIED

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document page. Here's the text transcription of the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Project "Grudge" 310

5D OSI             :C::.IX               10 'ay l.9
ATTN: Mr. J. E. Cornell

1. It is re'ou(3steci t'u t your offlce initiate an 'investigation of the "flvin;; suvcor" 
sighting reported by inrclused news clippi;;.

2. As an aid to the investii;ating officer, in recording the desired data, 3 copies 
of our guide to investigation :-ire enclosed.

2 Incl(s

1. Dayton: Lilly news newspaper clip-
ping, 5/7/49
2. Guide to investigation, n/d,
(3-12pgs)

T.O. CLINEMAN
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Analysis Division
Intelligence Department

UNCLASSIFIED
-----------

--------------------
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DODDIR 52001D

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note, some of the text is slightly obscured or unclear due to the quality of the document and the manner in which the text was typed or printed.

- page 10 -

There are no photographs on this page; it contains only text. Here is the output of the text found in the document:

---
'Saucers' interrupt
Sidney Breakfasts
SIDNEY, May 7. - Seeing
saucers instead of using them
was what happened to break-
fasts at the Spot restaurant yes-
terday morning. Some looked
"Eying saucers" cried out
"Fling out the window and number
of those at the counter caught a
glimpse of a whirling silver disc
as it whizzed south.

Wednesday at about 6:30 p.m.
Mrs. Russell Weibel of R. R. 1,
Maplewood, joined the list of
eyewitnesses to the flying
saucer, she said she saw one 
going in a northeasterly direc-
tion.

Road To Be Clos
---

- page 11 -

