There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text from the document:

---
AF FORM 112
PART I - SIGHTING REPORT (UFO)
Previous editions of this form may be used.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 3. Jul. 49 09/0302Z
2. LOCATION Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS Eight
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Not Reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE Not Reported
8. PHOTOS
        ☐ Yes
        ☒ No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
        ☐ Yes
        ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION Other (BIRDS)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers attentian was drawn to eight objects by a sound like the whirl of duck wings. The eight objects appeared to be round and about 20 ft in diameter. They were not in a formation, but reminded the observer of blackbirds in a group. There was no smoke or exhaust. Estimated altitude was 800 to 1000 ft.

Reflection of the sun's light off the wet bodies of birds often gives the appearance of a very large object at a much greater distance from the observer than they actually are, especially during the periods of dusk and dawn.

FTD SEP 63-0329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.
---

Please note that the checkboxes indicating 'No' for photos and physical evidence might not be captured accurately due to their format, but based on the context, the 'No' checkboxes are marked.

- page 1 -

There are no photographs present in the image you've provided; it shows a page with handwritten text.

Here's the transcription of the text:

```plaintext
Air Force Commander.
    Dear Sir. In reading this article you have
published in a local paper. I can not help but
let you know what my wife and I saw on June
morning last July in Yellowstone Park. you may
wonder why this is the only report & some
has spotted when at that time there were about
50,000 people in the park. But of the 50,000
families from any part of the world not to far from
15 miles from me included, was out early in the
morning and we were the only people on the north
end of the lake At that time, There also, we
sailing in a boat westerly direction and not
very high. If I had a known possessing a movie
Camera we could have tried to photograph them.
you spich6 of the disc whizzing through the air
that is exactly what they do and sound like.
unless you know more about these discs than you
let be known. I certainly hope you do not stop
looking for them—because they do exict, if you lay
you have checked up on 375 rumors & remain is
376 enog to ore reciting checked on it. But We will
be glad to give you any more information we can
```

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs; it is entirely textual. Here is the OCR output of the text on the document:

On July 8, 1949 between the hour of 6:30 and 7:00 A. M.
my wife and I were fishing from a rubber boat on the north end of
Shoshone Lake in Yellowstone Park, when I heard what sounded like
the whirr of ducks wings. I said to my wife listen, what is that sound,
on looking straight up over our heads, I should say 800 to 1000 feet,
there were eight objects appearing to be round and I would say about 20
feet in diameter, and very bright metal like bright aluminum, sailing
as I have sailed a lid from a can many times. They were not in formation
but reminded me of a flock of blackbirds in a group some above and some
below each other.

There was no smoke or exhaust of any kind, it was a beautiful
clear morning and the sun was shining bright. If there had been any
exhaust we would surely have seen it. They did not sail on a level
course but seemed to go up and down just like some of the smaller
birds fly when in a group. They were going very fast and if they had
not been directly over our heads we would never have heard or seen
them because we were watching the water. There was no sound of a motor.

When the disc shape objects were about over the center of the lake
one of them turned completely over sailing in among the rest of them
without coming in contact with the other objects.

They looked the same on both sides but I could not tell how thick
they were, but judging from the diameter they are large enough to have
one or more men aboard.

Many times when I was younger I have taken a flat round lid or
heavy cardboard and threw it to see what turns it would make. This
disc object turned completely over and sailed through the air as if
the air current had changed its course. Just before the dis[c] went
out of sight the one on our right turned on its edge and sailed
down and away from the rest.

I have seen Jet planes and know about there speed but these objects
were just as fast if not faster.

I have been kidded about seeing things and having to much to drink.
But the sky was clear and the sun shone bright. We had had a good nights
rest and nothing but good clear water to drink.

My wife and I saw these eight metal objects if we ever saw anything
in our lives. My opinion is that they are controled by some device
some where out side of the disc its self and there is no man aboard,
even though they are large enough to carry a man. I think there is
some device that keeps them from colliding with each other, and my
opinion is that they belong to the United States Government, because
if they did not, the U. S. Government would soon find out where they
come from

(Note: There is censorship in the text, with one specific word being blacked out to prevent identification of the person reporting. I have transcribed the text as visible, replacing the redacted portion with "[c]".)

- page 3 -

The image provided appears to be a newspaper clipping or document page, and it does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text from the document:

'Saucers' Noth Air Force Says

WASHINGTON (AP)—After checking up on 375 reports of "weird" and wondrous sights in the sky, the Air Force has con­cluded that there aren’t any "Flying Saucers." It took two years, a special team from the USAF’s science staff, and help from university consultants to track down the rumors of strange disks whiz­zing through the air.
PROJECT ENDED
Tuesday night the Air Force said “Project Flying Saucer” the investigation started by the Air Material command at Wright base, Dayton, O., on Jan. 22, 1948—has been or­dered ended because there is nothing to show that the re­ports were "not the results of natural phenomena."
All evidence, it added, points to three factors—misinterpre­tation of various conventional objects; a mild form of mass hysteria; or hoaxes—as the ori­gin of the flying saucer re­ports.
Under Air Force definition, "various conventional objects" include such things as meteors, balloons, birds in flight or just ordinary optical illusions.
STORY DENIED
The effect of the announce­ment was to deny a story ap­pearing in the current edition of the magazine "True." The magazine said it had learned that "a rocket authority sta­tioned at Wright Field has told 'Project Saucer' personnel flat­ly that the saucers are not inter­planetary and that no other conclusion is possible."
The Air Force last spring sought to shoot down the fly­ing discs rumors with a long, detailed discussion of the whole history of the rumors. It devot­ed a portion of that report to explaining why visitors weren’t likely to arrive from other planets on space ships.
Among other things, the re­port questioned the possibility of the existence of men even on the relatively near planet of Mars. Even if men were there, the USAF doubted that they were a "technically established race," able to build space ships.

- page 4 -

There are no photographs present in this image. The image consists of a typewritten letter on a document. Here is the text from the document:

---

ATIC Form No. 10-505
(Rev. 22 Oct 45)
(Initial Symbol and
PRINT IN RED - APPROPRIATE BLOCK)

ADJUTANT GENERAL

*MCIA/XA
CHIEF OF ADMIN.

AIR INSPECTOR

PUBLIC RELATIONS

JUDGE ADVOCATE

PERSONNEL (T-1)

INTELLIGENCE
(SYMBOL)
(INELIGIBLE)

SUPPLY (T-4)

PLANS (T-5)

CASH C.O.

OTHER

MCIA/XA–1/HVS/ed

8 JAN 1950

[REDACTED]

Sandy, Utah

Dear Sir:

Receipt of your letter dated 1 January 1950 is acknowledged.

You may be assured that the information you provided will be given proper consideration.

Your action in writing this Command is appreciated.

Yours truly,

[Signature]

BRUNOW W. FELING
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Technical Analysis Division
Intelligence Department

ANALYSIS DIVISION FILE
PROJ. 10003 
FILE NUMBER
A  /  /5
INITIALS DATE

---

WW-244 NOV 45 500M

CENTRAL FILE COPY

---

- page 5 -

