There are no photographs present on the page. Here's the text from the document:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECO

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
28 Aug 49 29/02002

2. LOCATION
Hansville, Washington

4. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
BALLOON

6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Three

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers sighted three objects over a thirty minute period.
They appeared to be flat and made of very shiny metal. They had
no projections and made no sound.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2-3 minutes

7. COURSE
Not reported

8. POSITION
0 + u.s

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
o + No

A UU XX station in Seattle released a large WX balloon at the
approximate time of the sighting.

FORM
F 61-62 (025) (RD2) Previous editions of this form may be used.
```

- page 1 -

The image provided is a scanned document page, and it does not contain photographs. The text on the document is as follows:

---

CONFIDENTIAL
FILE NO. 24-42 DATE 14 Oct 49

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION by J. E. KUTLER

TITLE AERIAL PHENOMENON
Sighting of Flying Discs on 28 Aug 49
near Hansville, Washington, by Mr and
Mrs ____________ and Mr and Mrs _________.

REPORT MADE AT DO #20, McChord AFB
20, 21 Sept; 3 Oct 49

PLACE OF ORIGIN DO #20, McChord AFB

STATUS CLOSED

CHARACTER SPECIAL INQUIRY (Unconventional Aircraft)

REFERENCE None, this is an initial report.

SYNOPSIS
Investigation predicated on news item published in the Tacoma News Tribune, 
Tacoma, Washington. Mr and Mrs _________ and Mr and Mrs ________ 
on 28 Aug 49, observed from the __________ home in Hansville, Washington, flying 
discs--three in all--which appeared to be approximately 10,000 feet altitude, 
flying horizontally. The objects appeared to be flat and made of aluminum or 
stainless steel, approximately 25 - 30 feet in diameter. They had no projections
or moving parts, and no sounds emanated from them. The objects did not appear 
to be on any definite pattern or mission, and faded from view after being sighted 
for approximately one and one-half to two minutes. The four observers are con-
sidered reliable and trustworthy. None of them were wearing glasses at the time 
of their observation. Weather sequence indicate that the weather at the time 
of the observation, 1800-1830 hrs, 28 Aug 49, was clear, with visibility of at 
least 20 miles at 10,000 feet. The wind was reported to be approximately 
1800, 15 knots. No scheduled flights were reported in the area between 1800 
and 1830 hrs, 28 Aug 49, and no testing devices were reported released in the 
vicinity by Ordnance, Navy, Air Force, Army, Weather Units or other research 
organisations, except that a large weather balloon was released by the Sand 
Point Weather Station, Seattle, Washington, between 1800 and 1900 hrs., 28 Aug 49.

UNCLASSIFIED CLOSED

DISTRIBUTION
CC, AMC, Wright-
	Patterson AFB - 2
	Attn: MCIAIXO-S
	(action copy)
OSI, HQ - 2
OO, McChord AFB - 2
File - 2

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO
	Commanding General
	Air Materiel Command
	Wright-Patterson AFB,
	Dayton, Ohio
	Attn: MCIAIXO-S

APPROVED
FOR R. D. WELCHER
MajOr, USAF
Acting Commandant

---

Additionally, there are handwritten notes on the page, including names, dates of some form (illegible), and a partial label next to a stamped area with the word "BALLOON" handwritten near it. There is also an "UNCLASSIFIED CLOSED" stamp and some numerical codes.

- page 2 -

The image is a page containing typewritten text with the header "CONFIDENTIAL", which has been crossed out and replaced with "UNCLASSIFIED". There are no photographs within this image. Below is the text presented on the page:

---

CONFIDENTIAL UNCLASSIFIED

Case File #24-42
DO #20

DETAILS:

1. This investigation was initiated by the Acting District Commander, DO #20, subsequent to publication of a news item in the Tacoma News Tribune, Tacoma, Washington, on 29 Aug 49, which is quoted verbatim as follows:

DECLARE THEY SAW DISCS

"I had always doubted it, but now I know."

"This was the comment of after reporting that he and others had spotted flying discs soaring through the sky over Hansville on the peninsula.

said he and his wife and friends noticed the objects Sunday about 6 p.m. The couple was visiting with Mr. and Mrs.

"The discs were flying at approximately 10,000 feet, said. He added that they were plainly visible."

AT TACOMA, WASHINGTON:

2. On 20 Sept 49, Mr. was interviewed and stated in substance as follows: That on 28 Aug 49, he and his wife, were at the home of a friend, , Hansville, Kitsap County, Washington; that on that date, between 1800 and 1830 hours, they were sitting in the home, looking out a large double window to the North, when they observed unidentified flying objects at approximately 10,000 feet altitude, about one or one and one-half miles to the North of their position, flying horizontally at approximately a 450 angle above the horizon; that he observed only one of these objects, that he saw the least three times, but his wife states she saw three of the objects; that an object was in his sight approximately one and one-half to two minutes. He further stated that the object appeared to be aluminum or stainless steel; that it was flat like a silver dollar, and a conservative estimate would be that the object was twenty-five to thirty feet across; that nothing was noted projecting from the object, such as fins, tail, wings, etc. When the object was first observed, it appeared to be turning and was on an angle, and finally disappeared to the North. The object seemed to be turning on a slope, with no apparent purpose in mind. A slight cloud of smoke seemed to appear as the turn was being negotiated; the smoke was in a streak approximately six inches wide and four or five feet long from his position; there was no odor; the smoke was not in spurts, and evaporated immediately.

3. stated that there were no clouds in the sky; that the object was not luminous and had no lights, either attached or reflected; that the object did not seem to have any moving parts, such as propeller, rotating cylinder or

UNCLASSIFIED

---

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs; it is a page of text.

Below is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Case file #24-42
do #210

cone, rotor, aerodynamic vanes, etc., and did not have visible exhaust, slots, 
duct openings, or jet openings. The object did not appear to be controlled or 
stabilized and did not seem to be on any definite pattern or mission. It ap-
peared to be tossing around and turning quite slowly, and there faded from view. 
No motor or other sound was heard by ------ as coming from the flying object.

4. On 20 Sept 49, Mrs. ------ was interviewed and verified the 
statements made by her husband, with the exception that, in regard to the tactics 
and maneuvers of the three flying objects observed by her, they simply seemed to 
be fluttering in the breeze, going up and down, with no apparent course. She 
further stated that approximately a year ago, she had observed what she believes 
were flying discs near Yakima, Washington, but had never reported them inasmuch as 
she felt at that time that they were aircraft of some kind belonging to the United 
States. She did state, however, that on the occasion of subject incident she 
was certain that what she saw must have been flying discs.

5. Both Mr. and Mrs. ------ were very definite in their belief that they 
had actually seen some type of aerial phenomenon that was different than any-
thing they knew of or had heard about in the United States.

6. Mr. ------ works for the ------, located in ------ Mrs. ------ 
is a housewife. Mr ------, Tacoma, Washington, as a first aid man. Mrs. ------ 
wearing glasses at the interview and both stated that neither he nor his wife 
except when reading.

7. Mr. ------is described as being 57 years of age, height 5' 9", weight 
195 lbs, grey hair, grey-brown eyes, medium ruddy complexion, medium build, no 
scars.

8. On 10 July 1945, ------ applied for and received a special Police Com-
mission to carry firearms while working as a guard at the Port of Tacoma. His 
fingerprint classification, made at that time by the Tacoma Police Department, 
is as follows:

9. Neither Mr. nor Mrs. ------ have any police record of any type and 
their standing in the community is considered excellent. Their reliability is 
likewise considered excellent.

AT HANSVILLE, WASHINGTON:

10. Witnesses to the subject incident were Mr. and Mrs. ------ ------ ------, 
------, Hansville, Washington. Hansville is a small town approximately two 
and one-half miles directly West of "Point No Point", Washington, and approximate-
ly twenty airline miles North Northwest of Seattle, Washington. Mr. and Mrs. 
------ were interviewed on 3 Oct 49 and, in substance, corroborated the 
statements given by Mr. and Mrs. ------ as set forth above, the only exceptions 

-S- UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a text document. Below is the text contained in the document:

---
CONFIDENTIAL

UNCLASSIFIED

Case File #24-42
DO #20

being that both the [REDACTED] stated they observed two small objects and one large object. The smaller objects appeared to be approximately twenty feet in diameter while the larger object seemed to be thirty to thirty-five feet in diameter. Both stated the objects were travelling in a Southerly direction and seemed to be taking a straight course. The large one seemed to be trailing somewhat, but, however, they seemed to be heading on a rather straight course toward the South.

11. Mr. [REDACTED] is an engineer by trade. His hobby is fishing. Neither he nor his wife wear glasses. Their reliability is considered excellent, and both seem to be extremely conscientious and trustworthy.

AT McCHORD AFB. WASHINGTON:

12. On 21 Sept 49, to elicit sequences of local weather conditions were received from M/Sgt EDGAR D. SMITH, AF-6805752, 100th Weather Squadron, 2101st AAF, McChord AFB, Washington, weather forecaster, as follows: Clear, visibility was 10; lowest angle to no clouds and no change in weather; however the PIERCE AT 1750 and 1800, 28 Aug 1949. Winds aloft observation 1750, 18500 hours (1501) recorded as approximately 180°, 15 knots, on the Aug 49. SMITH further advised that between 1800 and 1900 hour, 28 Aug 49, 28 and 50 Point Weather Station, Seattle, Washington, released a large weather balloon. No scheduled flights were reported in the area between the hours of 1800 and 1830 hrs, 28 Aug 49, and no testing devices other than the aforementioned balloon were reported as being released in this vicinity by Ordnance, Navy, Air Force, Army Weather Units or other research organisations.

CONFIDENTIAL

CLOSED

UNCLASSIFIED

CONFIDENTIAL
---

- page 5 -

