The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document containing text related to a UFO sighting report from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

How close would you say that you ever got to the flying object? Well, like we said, not knowing the exact size of the object and just judging from the sighters, we couldn't get too much of an extremely accurate—it would be a guess, but we figure anywhere from a half mile to a mile and a half.

Well, let's see, in your own thoughts, naturally in your own opinion? What is your own opinion? Not in the slightest. I wouldn't even care to form an opinion. I would like to know what it is, still amazed!

This was Saturday night. We heard reports too, that it was also sighted near reports by residents in the area and it seems to be coming back to the same spots. Do you think there might be a possible change that would refuse to come back to the same spot sometime in the future? Well, could be, right?

Well, after all this night's work, Mr. Scott, what was your feeling after you had heard of course, on newspapers and magazines about people who spotted such objects and people saying things about them? How did you feel yourself, especially after you reported this to the high-way patrol office? Well, I was of course, thankful for the fact that there were other officers from different agencies that assist, plus residents of the area and people traveling through because myself—I don't think it had seen something before would have been pretty confused.

(Who Objects?): You and a couple of prisoners from the jail and some city police plus some residents from the area. It would really be quite a think to come across some thing like this. Were you in the area on a regular routine patrol? We were the only car in the county that night and we were covering the entire county.

After you had come across this think, you reported it to the highway patrol office? Yes, we reported it despite the sheriff's office. We don't have a dispatcher here all the time. They in turn sent down the stuff, was that the idea?

Yes, that is what they did.

You say then it was more of a saucer shape than a cigar shape? The way you described it this afternoon, it could be either one, and not getting the full view of the underside of the thing or never having the machine turn cross ways in front of us.