The image contains no photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

CLASSIFIED USAF FIELD ACTIVITIES GP 
Fort Belvoir, Virginia 
REPORT NO. 1419297 PAGE 3 OF 3 PAGES

Sheppard AF, Age 47, Eight Years experience as a USAF Procurement Officer, RELIABILITY: High. On 10 Sept 1953 at about 4:30 A.M. on Highway 287 in Iowa Park, Texas, Captain Sheppard observed an object above the horizon at about 30° elevation for an estimated duration of 22-25 seconds. He watched while the object within 3-5 seconds fell to an elevation of 10-20° and an estimated speed of 240° which pointed to burn out. Source was a private citizen who reported to him. No photographs were taken. Color was bright white. Object appeared to possess a metallic luster. No noise was heard. Object appeared to possess a metallic luster. 

RELIABILITY: HIGH. John S. Wichita Falls, Texas, Age 50 years, Independent Truck Driver. While hauling a load of pipe traveling W on US Routes 82/277, 3/4 of a mile S of Megargel, Texas, observed through the driver's open window a bright light on the ground. The light was falling or passing through the object for 10-15 seconds. He stopped his vehicle to get a better look and then the object rose up behind some trees and went out of sight for a short time before going out. During flight, object was of such brilliance to light up the fence wires along the road. No sound was heard. Source believes object fell near the road, since he was traveling at about 40 MPH and had to look progressively more behind him to see the glowing object on the ground. He viewed the object but saw nothing on the ground.

RELIABILITY: UNKNOWN. Contacted by phone, Mr. S. Wichita Falls, Texas, operator of a furniture store. Reported that through a window of his home, an object was the color of the moon, much larger than a star and fell behind some trees after 3 seconds of observation. Source did not see the ground lit up.

RELIABILITY: Good. Patrolman, Wichita Falls Police Department. 1 1/2 years experience. Conversing through respective open windows of their patrol cars, the patrolman viewed the object in the sky which appeared to descend. It was described as small, about the size of two finger tips held at arm's length, white in color. It was observed to fall without tumbling through the air and behind the buildings across the street after 6-8 seconds. A glow was then observed around the building, lasting another 6-8 seconds. Source stated the object came down, but at the time of interview, he was uncertain about this point.

RELIABILITY: Unknown. Contacted by phone, Mr. S. Wichita Falls, Texas, operator of a furniture store. Reported that through a window of his home, an object was the color of the moon, much larger than a star and fell behind some trees after 3 seconds of observation. Source did not see the ground lit up.