The image does not contain any photographs. The image appears to be a page from a scientific publication, featuring text on various topics related to public health, including forecasting isotope problems, relating growth to tumors, and using computers for baseball.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for December 26, 1959

PUBLIC HEALTH

Foretells Isotope Problems
WHEN radioactive isotopes are used for industrial and other purposes, scientists must sharply distinguish between isotopes, or radioactive forms of elements, that are potentially harmful and those that are not, the conference on "The Disposal of Radioactive Waste," organized jointly by the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission and the Medical Radiological Institute, was told. The isotope problem, according to a specialist, Dr. A. W. Klement of the Du Pont Co., is that the disposal problem need arise if the isotopes used is one which was introduced in a routine manner for a specific purpose. For example, I-131, said, can be returned after a few half lives, in order to be stored. But the problem is complicated since the process of re-radiation can be repeated time and time again, radioactive decay continues until practically never continue a waste.

SCIENCE

Relate Growth to Tumors
IT IS NOT how fat the mice are, but how well-developed their bones and muscles are that appears to be related to lung tumors in mice, scientists have found. Evidence is a "significant relationship" between body size, muscle weight and bone length, the researchers at the National Institutes of Health say. This relationship may exist between human body types and certain types of cancer, they suggest. But scientists are generally highly susceptible to pulmonary tumors, while the other mammal has a much lower rate.

W. E. Heston obtained offspring with both characteristics. In his study all of the mice of the non-obese line had almost twice as many spontaneous tumors as the obese mice. The other researchers showed "women must likely to develop breast tumors are those associated with a more rapid development toward obesity rather than the very obese women." Dr. Vita Hatsell and Herman suggest studies already indicate "women most likely to develop breast cancer are those associated with a more rapid development toward obesity, rather than the very obese women."

SCIENCE RESEARCH

Computers for Baseball
AN ELECTRONIC COMPUTER has been used to decide whether, a sacrifice, stolen base or intentional walk is the best baseball strategy, given specific "hitting" and "fielding" conditions. A research report on the use of computers in baseball strategy was presented at the University of California at Los Angeles to the Operation Research Society. America's teams, most of which are using computers to make decisions on player selection, salaries and strategy, have been instructed how to "play" individual innings using a computer program. This represents a major league lineup form the starting pitcher. Fielding conditions are made how a computor can reach a decision on selecting each of 15 possible plays. Individual innings are then "played" by the computor, using random numbers to select the plays.

Science News Letter, December 26, 1959