The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with text only.

OCR Output:

METHOD AND PROCEDURE OF INVESTIGATION

Early in the investigation of this phenomenon over Hollywood, one of the first steps was to determine the possibility of the red light being attached to a balloon - a meteorological balloon, from any source. 

Three different offices of the U. S. Weather Bureau, military bases, and naval stations (who had in the past released balloons) were consulted.

The Weather Department Forecaster, Edwards Air Force Base, stated that no balloons had been released from 8 February, 1950 until 13 February. He further stated that no such lights from their balloons as seen over Hollywood were used by the U. S. Weather Bureau.

A letter from the U. S. Naval Ordnance Test Station, China Lake, California, dated 2 March 1950, reads: "In answer to your letter of inquiry dated 26 February concerning unidentified objects observed over Hollywood, California, 6 February 1950, the station states that it did not release any balloons on that date."

These two military bases are located northeast of Hollywood. The prevailing winds indicate that they could be a possible source; but the contrary directions recorded) were from the northeast.

The U. S. Weather Bureau, Santa Monica, California, where the meteorological balloons are released, stated that the balloon released from their station at 2101 PST, 6 February 1950 would not have reached the Hollywood area and was well out over the ocean by the time it had reached eight thousand feet. They also stated that the light of these meteorological balloons could not be seen this distance or have the characteristics of the Hollywood case.

Private organizations which were contacted had not released any balloons for several months.

It was necessary to learn the source of the explosion and bright flash of light, which had been reported to the Hollywood Police Station by across of Hollywood by citizens. The Bureau of Victor Alen, California Edison Company, two companies serving the Los Angeles area with power and light, were consulted, stating that no unusual power lines trouble or supply was underway at that time. There were no power lines trouble of any kind with power lines which could have caused the explosion or bright flashes. It appears that the explosion and light phenomena were related to the sightings of the unidentified object or light at the time of explosion and flash.

Letters were written to Major General S. E. ANDERSON, U. S. A.F., Office of Information, Washington, D. C., and to Major Victor E. Byrns, Jr., U. S. A.F. Of the Office of Information, Los Angeles, California, to learn if the U. S. Air Force had investigated the unusual sighting over Hollywood. Their replies are included with this report.

The general report (Page 3) was a reconstruction of the sightings based on statements of a majority of the witnesses or where certain aspects were described by two or more independent witnesses.