The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a newspaper or magazine article about a film called "Oklahoma!" that is being roadshowed abroad. The article discusses various details about the film, such as the director, producer, cast, and release information.

Here is the text output from the document:

FBED• CAPTIVATING FILM-'Oklahoma!' to Be Roadshowed Abroad
Greene-Rouse Film Exploits Farrn 'UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS' Director . . . .  Fred Zinnemann
(By United Press International)

HOLLYWOOD, Calif. (UP)—A modern day love story about faith and the conflict between the old and new on the farm will be brought to the screen soon. 
The story, "Oklahoma!" will be filmed in cinerama and will be roadshowed at key theaters in major U.S. cities and abroad, according to Carr's Theaters president Claude Ezell.

The picture will be produced by Arthur Hornblow Jr. and directed by Fred Zinnemann, director of "From Here to Eternity."
The music and story are by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II.  Leading players will be Gordon MacRae and Shirley Jones.
The story tells of the love of a cowboy, Curly, for a pretty farm girl, Laurey. Their romance is endangered by the scheming of a sinister farmhand, Jud.
The show will be filmed in the Cinemascope and Color by DeLuxe processes at a cost of around $4,500,000, with a portion of the budget devoted to the building of a huge outdoor set representing the Oklahoma countryside.
Location filming will take place in the Little River Valley area of Oklahoma.

RKO Purchases
New Mercer Novel
"Three Strokes and You're Out" is the title of a new novel by Charles Mercer purchased by RKO Radio Pictures for future filming.
The story tells of a famous professional golfer who makes a comeback after a series of marital and personal difficulties.
The leading role is said to be the type of character which could be admirably suited for such top Hollywood stars as Robert Taylor, Clark Gable or Van Johnson.
Van Fleet, Jr., who co-authored the screen play of "The Pride and the Passion" with Edna and Edward Anhalt, has been assigned to write the screenplay for "Three Strokes and You're Out."

'Old Man and the Sea' Today
Havana—The "Old Man and the
Sea" based on the novel of the same name by Ernest Hemingway, will have its world premiere here today.
The film, starring Spencer Tracy, was filmed in and around Cuba. It took more than a year and a half in preparation, most of the time being spent in getting the technical details and background perfect.
The story tells of an old Cuban fisherman's battle with a giant marlin. Tracy's performance is said to be one of the finest of his career.

MILWAUKEANS WILL SING
Lollabrigida Will Sing
 
Gina Lollabrigida has been signed to sing three pop songs in her next film, "Strange Bedfellows," co-starring with Rock Hudson. The songs will be published by Korwin Music Co. in New York.

Kim Darby Returns to Graduate
Kimberley (Kim) Darby has been signed by MGM to co-star with John Wayne in "True Grit," it was announced today. Miss Darby, a student at USC, has been on a leave of absence from the school to make the film.