The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter from Representative William Springer of the House of Representatives in Washington, D.C.

The text of the document is as follows:

Representative William Springer
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C. 

Dear Sir:

I live at 90 on the east corner of U.S. 36 and North Country Club Rd. This is just a few blocks east of the Lake Decatur airport in Decatur, Illinois. From this immediate area (1 mile sq.) I have continuously sighted Unidentified Aerial Phenomena for over 6 years. I have taken many pictures of these sightings. I took my first picture the first night; the sights were so numerous and I was so excited I kept on going towards the airport. 

Down there the haze air port that night burnt down. The lights were being closed from the west, coming towards us. These planes are also sighted at airplanes in flight. I've reported them to the Illinois State Sheriff's Office, local police, and sheriff's office - and the civil defense office (and according to the sheriff's office they seeming the pictures they got but believe this was not).

Here recently I've tried to take some more pictures of these sightings but my pictures are having the same result. I'm enclosing these pictures and hoping the U.S. will interview me once more on this country. And they seem to be trying to communicate or something, but I can't seem to understand what they are telling me in relation to what object I saw. I did not see anything shoot of [sic] deep muscle cramps from these areas and they said I would if exposed to them.

My dogs apparently have tracked this prowler at night, and now these prowlers are acting very stealthy. One dog's eyesight is affected. The 2nd dog has begun developing tumors that are possibly related to this incident (and new cats & dogs seem to be affected). These beams at all levels are colors of orange, blue, white, pale beige and a few red and greenish beings along the beings are distinctly uniform in appearances and some of them have come to Springfield, Illinois, and here recently when a flew to St. Louis I've seen more vertical lights around and all around the Springfield airport. I aimed at the Capitol bldg. and we have such flares around our local airport . I'll be glad to go further in detail to any defense agency you would suggest. Mr. Springer, I want to add at times of election these provisions to be reviewed and conditions increase brutally I believe this is a violation of my constitutional rights and I would appreciate a reply. Very sincerely, Dorothy A. Hott