The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed letter. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

February 17, 1960

Office of the Commander
Air Force Research Division
United States and Development Command
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear General Holoman:

Thank you very much for your letter of 14 January 1960 in which you congratulate me on my appointment by Lieutenant General D. L. Putt as Director of the new Air Force Research Division. It is indeed an honor and a privilege to accept this position, and I shall do my utmost to justify the confidence placed in me.

The Air Force is now devoting more and more effort to scientific work, and I am delighted that this increased emphasis has been placed upon the scientific activities of the Geophysics Research Directorate and at other laboratories under my supervision. I have reviewed and studied in detail the program of the Office of Scientific Research, and I will assume directorship of its many activities with a deep sense of responsibility and confidence.

I wish to thank you and your staff for your advice and suggestions with respect to the policies and operations of the new Air Force Research Division. Since I continue to serve on the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board and with the Air Materiel Command, I am confident that the transition will be accomplished without disruption of the work being done under my supervision. 

I should like to take this opportunity to congratulate you on your new position of Director of the Air Force Research Division, and to express my appreciation and that of my staff for your continued interest and fine cooperation.

I am at present under the sponsorship of GRD and I supervise an administrative group related toward the study of stellar atmospheres. Through the Air Force Office of Scientific Research, I have identified the scientific activities for which I am responsible, and the work is being done under my direction. I should like to introduce to you Captain Joe Mettinger, the officer whom I have selected to assist me in this work, and to tell you that I have found him to be a diligent and capable person with whom to work, and I hope that this assignment will continue. I have every confidence that Dr. Wernher von Braun will provide the necessary assistance and cooperation to Captain Mettinger and to myself in the future.