There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten text.

The transcribed text from the document is as follows:

"Sunday, November 26, 1961

Captain Charles L. May
R.F.D. No. 1
Box 52
Springdale, Arkansas  

Dear Sir:

My name is [REDACTED] and I am 17 years old, and I was reading over your letter that would help me out of a jam, and I want to express my appreciation to you, because I believe you understand my problem perfectly.

One November day last year, just before a large search was made, (it was going on at the time) I looked up and saw "one is not that beautiful." This object is indistinct, and looked up and said "one is not that beautiful." As I looked closer at this object, it seemed to be a perfectly round object. This object lasted for quite a while, and I became more and more puzzled at what this object was. My friends were with me and they saw the same thing that I saw. They did not know what it was, neither did I.

[REDACTED], as we stand here, we will explain, for I know you will understand, because you have studied these things. As we stood there, we were amazed at the object. It seemed to be hovering there. It was about the size of a quarter, and then it started moving. It moved rapidly, and then it just winked out and disappeared. We stood there somewhat in awe, because we did not know what to think about it. 

As we both were very scared, so to speak, and told each other that we were dreaming. This happened about 6:30 in the evening. We both rushed home and told our families, and they said we were only dreaming. But my parents were upset, because they know I would not lie, because I am always honest with them. 

We talked it over for a few days, and then it seemed to leave our mind. But my parents were not satisfied, and they called the sheriff's office, and they came out but found nothing. The next day the Air Force was called in, but they found nothing. This went on for about 3 days, and then it was dropped.

As we both were very shaken up by this, I would like for you to write me and tell me what you think about this. I am very interested in your opinion, because I know you have studied these things, and I believe you can give me some answers.

Thank you for your time, and I hope to hear from you soon.

Sincerely,
[REDACTED]"