The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a newspaper article titled "Flying Saucer Problem Reviewed In New Film" from the Journal Herald newspaper in Dayton, Ohio, published on Wednesday, May 23, 1956.

The text in the article is as follows:

"The subject of flying saucers is reviewed in an alleged documentary movie 'Unidentified Flying Objects,' the subject of the current film at Loew's theater, and it should prove the current controversy because a former Dayton, Al Chop, is purported to take a prominent part in the picture.

Acme Aluminum Alloys in public relations reports that Capt. Edward J. Ruppelt, who conducted the Air Force's Project Blue Book investigation of saucers, has a prominent role in the movie. And later in the film, a group of persons who allegedly sighted saucers at Montauk, New York, and Washington, and the picture contends he devoted much of his time to writing about and hunting news releases on flying objects.

Another key figure is Capt. Edward J. Ruppelt, who headed the Air Force's Project Blue Book investigation of saucers, in charge of the project in 1952 when it was most active. Through the case of Chop the project director at the time, the early 1950s, the picture covers the subject in documentary fashion, although it does not give the full support of the Air Force.

'Through the case of Chop the picture attempts to dramatize the reports of persons who allegedly sighted saucers. Two reported movies of alleged saucers are shown for the first time.

'Particularly successful are the scenes taken in the Fort Knox flight tower, where observers are following a group of unidentified objects being chased by jet planes.

'In an effort to substantiate the story, the picture shows a group of scientists at Ames meteor airport where a number of objects are caught on the radar screens as they fly over the city.

'In an effort to substantiate the story, the picture makes no effort to show skepticism of flying saucers and admits a great majority of the reports of saucers have been explained, although a few objects remain unexplained.

'The picture does provide some interesting moments, and provoke some thoughts as well as some skepticism, particularly in this writer, who, before taking the job at the News, talks with its former managing editor and is told:'"