There does not appear to be a photograph in this document. The document appears to be a text-based report from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's official program for investigating UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

ORIGINATING AGENCY: 4127th Base File Activities Gp
Port Belvoir, Virginia

TITLE: Unidentified Flying Object Observed West of Wichita Falls, Texas on 28 September 1960

1. At 10242 (0424 local), 28 September 1960, a large white streak of light was observed falling through the sky SW of Wichita Falls, Texas. Times of observation were from 2 to 3 minutes. Based upon the statements of the witnesses, no conclusion can be made that the same object was observed by all.

2. Statements of Witnesses:
Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas - Age, 20 years. 2 1/2 years of service.
Wichita Falls, Texas, Airman - Observed through the NW window of the restaurant at about 0430A.M. local time, a falling light falling to the ground. The witness estimated the object's fall to be at an angle of about 60-70 degrees from the vertical edge of the window, indicating a perpendicular fall of the object and establishing a direction of due 265 degrees (from the observer's position within the restaurant and the existence of an awning on the window, the time of observation and the elevation could not have extended beyond (from 30 to 35 elevation).

RELIABILITY: Fair. Night Watchman, Robinson Construction Co. Age 48, resides SW of the center of Wichita Falls, Mr. Robinson stepped out from his guard shack between 4:10 and 4:20 A.M. local and observed a bright blue-white flash of light lasting approximately 2 seconds. However, that if it could have been caused by welders, he turned to face a large storage tank one of his position. After making upon this tank for about 2 seconds and seeing nothing, he turned to the tank West of him and observed a bright green flash of light which appeared to be about 1,000 feet above the ground. Total time from the observance of the flash to the obscuring thereof, he stated that had the flash of light lasted longer it would surely have blinded him. Source described the color of the flash to be white light seen through blue-green glass. Source believed the object had fallen about 1/2 mile due south of his position.

2. Patrolman, Wichita Falls Police Department, Age 23, 18 months service with WFPD. RELIABILITY: Good. At 0424 A.M. local, while Checking north in his patrol car on Kemp Blvd, he observed a bright blue-white light the size of a volley ball fall at an angle through the left rear window of his patrol car. The object was seen to turn yellow as it neared the ground. Total time of sighting was a matter of seconds. He immediately turned his car around to investigate but found no trace of the object on the ground.