The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed report document. The document describes a UFO sighting that occurred on September 27, 1960 in Grand Junction, Colorado. It provides details about the sighting, including the description of the object, the duration of the sighting, and the weather data collected at the time. The document also discusses the triangulation of the object's position and the implications of the sighting.

OCR text output:
AFCIN-H-52*
16 NOV 60
UFO Sighting, Grand Junction, Colorado (27 Sep 1960)

1. On 27 September 1960 at 05212 (2221 hours on 27 September 1960) unidentified flying objects were sighted from FAA stations at Grand Junction and Eagle, Colorado and also from the station at Farmington, New Mexico. In addition, many people in the general area reported seeing unidentified flying objects.

2. The object viewed from Grand Junction was described as a round, spinning and white light and reported as generally stationary. The object was in sight for 40 minutes.

3. The Grand Junction Farmington used theodolites to attempt to measure the angle of elevation of the object and then by triangulation calculated an altitude of 37,000 feet for the object. 

4. AFCC obtained weather data for the date of the sighting from Air Weather Service. The adiabatic charts for the area show an inversion at 0.65 on the date of the sighting. The AFCC conclusion is that effects produced by this inversion were responsible for the UFO sightings in this area.

5. The conclusion which measured the angle of elevation of the object were consistent with 35,000 feet, however, triangulation revealed that the object, if it even were higher, would have been further from one station than the other, thus a geometric inconsistency. If the object had been lower, then the apparent angles would have been the same from both stations, which the apparent angles were not. 

6. The inversions of temperatures near the ground and increasing rather rapidly as altitude increases) light rays which pass through this layer are bent toward the earth and effect mirages which result from these conditions are sometimes referred to as "looming" mirages which cause a distant object to "loom" above the horizon.

7. From the limited information available, it is impossible for AFIC to determine what specific object was viewed by each witness.