The image provided appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image, only text.

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

No Case (Information Only)
13 August 1960

Satellite Relays -
2-Way Phone Call
"We're Reading You Loud and Clear," 
Californian Says in Historic Hookup

HOLMDEL, N.J., Aug. 13--A telephone call 
through space today established the first two-way con-
versation via an artificial satellite.

A tele-communication experiment was conducted 
with the use of the Echo I, 100-foot MYLAR plastic bal-
loon satellite which passed over the horizon and came
within range of receiver stations on both sides of the 
coast. A two-way telephone conversation took place be-
tween Holmdel, N.J. and Goldstone, Calif.

A newsman at 3:13 a.m. EDT "wasn't much of a
conversationalist," the scientists said, but President 
Lyndon B. Johnson and Vice President Humphrey spoke
both ways - "loud and clear" - through the satellite.

The COMMUNICATION opener was a telephone call 
from Goldstone, Calif. to Holmdel, N.J. which came 
through space at the speed of light.

The first two-way communica-
tion over the satellite had fea-
tured recorded messages by 
President Eisenhower and Senate 
Majority Leader Lyndon B. John-
son. The latest attempt was a
live phone conversation.

As monitored on tape, here is 
how it sounded:

"Are you reading me out there?"
"Yes, we're reading you loud and
clear," said Jones. "You sound
pretty good."

ECHO I STREAKS OVER PORTLAND, ORE.
40-Second Time Exposure Catches Satellite.--AP

AFTER 750 A.M., the balloon
passed to a point no longer on a
line between Holmdel, N.J. and
Goldstone, Calif., unavailable for
further experiments by the Bell
Lab group for 12 hours.

The bone-tired engineers and
lab assistants, many of whom had
been working intensely 13 straight
hours, "said little. They will re-
turn to concentrate on minutely 
detailed work to improve the 
length and quality of the calls.

At the dramatic moment of the
first phone call, though seeming
tense, there was little outward ex-
citement in the Bell lab.