The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with a description of an observed unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

I was first attracted to the flickering light because I realized it was a shooting star. But when it leveled off (see profile), I then figured it must be toward the items of the loop. I opened my windows to try to gauge by noise how far away the plane might be.

Whatever it was, it was extremely high. Behind my room I had turned off the lights a long time ago and my eyes were adjusted to the dark. I was ready for bed - crossing at open window and watching a high-powered windshield wiper wire across my window. It was about then my window went up and I noticed the wire only when the flickering light seemed to "ride" along the top of it.

The light continued its maneuvers, at times surging with blinding flashes, at times plunging back down again. There was no "shooting down" action. This object had been part of the bulk of the plane often blotting out exhaust flame as it turned. There was a definite the light was turning, but there was no blotting out of the light itself.

How long it continued its maneuvers, I cannot say. But sometime later, a second joined it in its runs. This one appeared at the side, became more a "sizzling" base with a very thin cherry tinted veil over its face. (The nearest I can describe this second light to - a steel-making furnace.) The steel in its molten form is nearly blinding white, but it holds that pebbly "cherry veil" over its surface.

This second one, after a few passes with the flickering one, suddenly began to expand. It grew from pea size, held at arm's length, to the size of a tennis ball; built more like an apple, firm and hard. It seemed to have - if I looked so to me - two holes, one on each side of its front; but more to the side. I cannot refer you to the muzzle of a cow, the holes placed just about like the nostrils on the nose of a cow. As it expanded, it lost its cherry veil; the white growing to an almost "eye-hazarding" dazzle. It traveled, somehow was released from the east, across the face of the heavens, fading south, to due east. As it traveled, somehow was released from that east direction, to due west across the face of the heavens.

It was not smoke or did it resemble contrails. As near as I can judge, the stuff released floated in a rather "50" fashion, glittering like it might contain phosphorus or otherwise - stayed visible no more than two seconds at the most.