I do not see any photographs in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text describing a UFO sighting.

The text in the document reads:

FRIDAY NIGHT SIGHTING (FEB. 5, 1960) AS TOLD BY THE WITNESSES

Jerry Darr was busily attending to his duties at the Standard Service Station, where he was employed, at the northeast corner of Boulevard and La Brea Avenue. The time was shortly after 11:00 P.M. The weather was clear and the stars were visible. Suddenly, a bright red light came over the horizon (eastward) real low, like a falling star, and it hovered over the immediate area."

Many persons saw this brilliant red light coming over, and it "pulsated". Many viewers said that the light was "pulsating". As it got closer, the light became more "delicate" or "like that of a controlled device". All observers said that it was unlike anything they had ever seen.

Less than a third of a mile north, others were watching this strange sight. Ken Meyer, manager of the Union Oil Service Station, as the northeast corner of Hollywood Boulevard and Sycamore, had also seen the strange light. He said that it slowly moved away in a southeasterly direction. Meyer said that he and others were watching, deeply intrigued, and were also "apparently purposeful manner of leaving."

Mr. and Mrs. Sherman had just returned to the Garden Court Apartments, 7021 Hollywood Boulevard, where they reside. As they got out of their car, they both saw the brilliant red light. They both agree that the size of the light, as near as they could estimate, was about one-fourth the size of the full moon. It was such a sensation, they decided to walk down Hollywood Boulevard a short distance to call their friends, Mr. and Mrs. H. Brown. Confirming the description, Mr. and Mrs. Brown also witnessed the light, as well as other motionless in the sky.

As the four watched, it began moving slowly - appeared to descend somewhat. Seemed to disappear behind the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, and the four interested observers walked hurriedly on down the next corner (Hollywood Boulevard and Cahuenga), turning to see it again as it re-appeared slightly southwest of where it had first been seen. Slowly, the red light diminished in intensity until it disappeared completely. Mrs. Sherman said, "Frankly, we were quite startled, and some taxi men at the Hollywood Roosevelt also witnessed this phenomenon, all of whom said what in the world could it be?"