There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book report. The text in the document is as follows:

THE REPORT.
(As described by many witnesses. Signed reports in files of NICAP.)

On two successive nights, February 5, 1960 and February 6, 1960, from 11:15 PM until after midnight, a brilliant red light traversed approximately the same course low over the heart of Hollywood. 

It moved very slowly and silently, remaining completely stationary for periods of 8 to 10 minutes at a time.

Both nights the brilliant red light came from the west, traveling due east, passing just south of the Hollywood Bowl. After reaching and passing over the northwest corner of Sunset Boulevard and La Brea Avenue 5 to 8 minutes, Friday night it continued its motion east (after the 5 minute stop) for about two blocks, then veered to the southeast and disappeared.

Saturday night the red light made its appearance about the same time (11:15 PM); two witnesses (one local Los Angeles aircraft pilot with Braniff) said it arrived from the northwest and proceeded southeast over the heart of Los Angeles, remained stationary for approximately 10 minutes. Elevation of the light at this point was approximately 5,000 feet. (See Elevation A, page 17.) Then, as witnesses watched, there was a loud explosion, and a flash of bluish white light (flash of light was described as blinding and downward and to the south) and the sudden formation of a "mushroom-shaped" object.

At the moment of the bright flash, a dull aluminum colored tubular shaped object was seen to shoot upwards, and a smaller object was seen "spiraling" downwards. As the "brilliant" cloud dissipated, it formed a faint hue of pink, plus and green.

Simultaneous with the explosion, the brilliant red light seemed "to go out".

It "came back on", or reappeared about five seconds later, slightly higher in elevation, and as on Friday night, it was directly over the northwest corner of Sunset Boulevard and La Brea Avenue. This time it remained stationary for approximately 10 minutes (See Elevation B, page 17.)

Then, very slowly it began to move eastward. Witnesses estimated that for a few minutes the movement was so slow that it was almost imperceptible to the eye. After moving to a point about six blocks to the east, it suddenly disappeared. (This occurred at approximately 11:25 PM.) The elevation of the light at this point was approximately 1,000 feet. (See Elevation B, page 17.)

The motion was so slow that it was almost imperceptible to the eye. After moving to a point about six blocks to the east, it suddenly disappeared. (This occurred at approximately 11:25 PM.) The elevation of the light at this point was approximately 1,000 feet. (See Elevation B, page 17.)

DESCRIPTION OF RED LIGHT:

Although the size of the light was variously estimated from the size of a baseball to a full moon, the majority of observers said that it appeared to be about one-fourth to one-third the size of the full moon. (It has been suggested that the difference of opinion as to the size of the light may have been due to differences in location of witnesses, and angle of sighting.) There was a slightly fuzzy or hazy edge to the light itself, and it was noticed that it seemed to pulse or throb slightly. To those who saw the light, there was no doubt that it was a solid, real object. The source of light itself, though, seemed to pulsate and appeared fuzzy and not well defined.