The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the "Tehama County Sheriff's Supplemental Crime Report" on "Information on Flying Objects".

TEHAMA COUNTY 
SHERIFF'S SUPPLEMENTAL CRIME REPORT
INFORMATION ON FLYING OBJECTS

REPORT ON FLYING OBJECTS, TEHAMA CO.

On Monday, August 3, 1959 at approximately 9:05 PM at the Tehama County Jail there was heard and felt two loud booms. The on-duty Jailer received a radio report from the Corning Police Dept. that there was a ball of fire falling from the sky. The on-duty officer appeared to be the following: 
On Officer Halliday reported to have seen the object coming and Officer Martinez and another officer also saw the object. 
Officer Halliday reported this to the California Highway Patrol Officer on duty at Red Bluff, as the falling object was thought to be a Aircrast or some sort and if reports from the above was neg. as to any of our Air Craft and no Fires.

On 8-3-1959 at about 11:30 PM another call came in about a flying object in the Tehama and Sheriff's Office and stated that they watching a flying object.

At 12:00 midnight this Officer and Officer Farst went to Los Molinas and saw a small object fly past them going fast, named Lt. Campbell called Blueberry Hill and at approximately 12:30 AM of 8-4-59 observed again the object they had seen and others in the eastern sky, they were traveling southwest and at times they would go straight up or down, one of the objects seem to stop and hover over the Red Bluff area. After a short time there was a 1 object seen going from the North to the South. 
On 8-4-59 at approximately 10:10 PM went out side of the radioei that he had picked up information that a object in the Los Molinas area had landed twice to the east of Los Molinas, on checking out side of the Jail observed a object committee in from the west to a position to the South East of the Jail appeared to stop and hover for a moment, and after a few seconds started to come out side and observe the flying object, but by the time they drove up arrived the Object was gone but was spotted in the north west by Mr who stated when the Object was hovering and it looked like a large ball and had a glow on it and two white blinking lights appeared along its in three or four planes which may have been windows or ports. The Object then took of in a southerly direction and passed out of sight with out any further bearing any type of motor sound found that the firing Object came and he stated that the object was West of Corning.

cont. on page no 2