There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force study of unidentified flying objects, specifically a letter dated September 8, 1960 from Robert L. Brown, a Research Scientist at Southern Connecticut State College, to Major Friend.

Transcription of the text:

STATE OF CONNECTICUT
SOUTHERN CONNECTICUT STATE COLLEGE
NEW HAVEN, CONNECTICUT

to yourself in Washington. It is difficult to assess the amount lost by flaking cores as the particles immediately. Dr. Horan assured me that the material would not have lost material upon reanalyzing it from the main mass of samples or flakes which occurred in some further losses of mass by flaking with the slides. It was not possible to place it in any type of container and we were disturbed by the fact that it had to be handled via an analytical process which might lead to further losses of particles or flakes from the main mass onto the dish or the enclosing tape.

I had assumed that the particle would be weighed immediately upon receipt and any flaking could have been accounted for in a more reliable situation. In addition it occurred to me that a portion could be cut out to avoid any errors that may be associated with the handling of fragments or encrustation.

The analysis introuges me as does the apparent change in mass. Assuming that some of the changes have been accounted for by making a mistake, it is possible that another principle might be operating? Assuming the particle had been in a "naturalized" condition for a long time and would not have required gravity to establish its structure, it is possible that electrical charge might be operating? I am certain that the effect of absorption and the like will be taken care of in the sealed container weighings.

I trust that some answers to this intriguing puzzle may soon be forthcoming.

Sincerely yours,

Robert L. Brown
Research Scientist
Southern Connecticut State College
New Haven, Connecticut

P.S. May I again request that any parts of the specimen be retained so that the analysis and measurements are completed. I also have a request for continuation of the investigation.