The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter addressed to Professor Stuart L. Brown, dated October 26, 1960.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Letter to Professor Stuart L. Brown--October 26, 1960

1. Where was the date of the incident rude to? Perhaps you covered this in a telephone conversation, but I have no record of it. I note that you inform me that the incident probably took place in the vicinity of Seymour, Connecticut, on April 18, 1960.

2. You mention "splashes of a metallic material" at the area of impact -- what has become of the metal and are samples available to us?

3. You mention that the civilian observers are in definite disagreement as to the wishing on-station, so as to have a formal record of its accuracy and authenticity?

4. When I mentioned the search by radar, I was alluding to the fact that a check of radar data from that period might reveal information of significance -- I asked about this neither in my previous letter nor in our telephone conversation, and I believe I have no record of a reply from you. 

5. I am greatly interested in your thoughts on one oscillating brand in the weight-data -- I cannot be certain that I fully understand the significance of this. While this brand would indicate the presence of some material of an unusual nature, I  would like to know if it might possibly be due to a fluctuation or malfunction rather than to the presence of unusual material.

While we are deeply grateful to Colonel Townsend for furnishing the material over which we have spent some time, I am not certain that we have yet explored to the full this fascinating incident. I sincerely hope that in the course of time it will be possible to have a definite (even if negative) rate of decay, and every effort is being made to utilize this while it is still "hot".

Again, thank you for your kind consideration, and I shall look forward to your visit in the near future.

Sincerely yours,
WHITEHALL-RAND, INC.

T. Townsend Brown
Chairman
Scientific Advisory Committee