This image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document that describes a sighting of an enigmatic red light at a busy intersection in Rome, New York on Saturday nights.

ENIGMATIC RED LIGHT ATTRACTS HUNDREDS AT BUSY INTERSECTION. 
The corner of Sunset Boulevard and La Brea Avenue is a typical modern intersection where two six lane thoroughfares intersect. Located on the four corners are two drug stores, a restaurant, a police station, and a dry-cleaning plant. Adjacent to these are more equally popular restaurants, also brightening the area with highly illuminated signs.
Saturday nights this area is fairly teeming with life and activity. The restaurant's parking lots are filled, traffic congestion is heavy, and the usual steady stream of drivers are going in and out of the service station and pulling up to the curb for hamburger and short orders to change. Such was the situation on Saturday night, February 6, when an officer from the police station reported observing a very peculiar sight-seeing citizens to stop and look up into the sky. The officer who investigated it was Officer Ray Lopez, and he stated that when he observed the same, two police officers at a nearby traffic light also noticed the same phenomenon.
Tiny Naylor's Restaurant and Drive-in occupies the northwest corner of the intersection. The Drive-in was filled to capacity. Outside, standing on the lot were Officer Ray Lopez, and Officer Samuel Jones, observing the sky when suddenly, Lopez said that he heard and explosion and looked up, and there spread out across the fourth the size of the full moon, a red light. He said, "It was directly overhead - right straight up". After watching it hover for about five minutes, it began to move toward me very slowly. I believe that it must have moved forward nearly a half mile, but while it was moving I could still distinguish the distinct outline and could see no lights on it whatsoever." After a little time I looked the other way and when I looked back the object was gone. He had notified the station and reported the object and he added, "They'd already heard about it".
Officer Jeffies recalled that when he first looked up, following the explosion, he saw the reddish smoke. His description was very much the same as that of Officer Lopez. "It was a straight overhead, straight up. It seemed to be the color of a flare, but it didn't flicker like a flare. I had the feeling it was giving off a glow. When it began to move, it was so slow that the only way I could tell it was moving was that the outline seemed to change slightly as it went." He watched it about twenty minutes altogether, but we were busy and I didn't actually see it disappear." Both officers Jeffies and Officer Jones stated they had felt the concussion from the explosion. Both officers also mentioned that the weather was cloudy that evening and the strange red light before.
Barbara Joiner is a witness, or can hop as they are popularly called, at Tiny Naylor's. She was very busy at the time of the excitement and didn't get to watch the light for more than twelve or fifteen minutes. Her testimony was much like the others. The light was "very red-like a red stop signal-only it had a very unfamiliar look. It was so vibrant," she said.