The image contains a newspaper article with the headline "Hollywood Producers Preview Movie Of Illusive "Saucers"". The article discusses a 90-minute movie treatment of unidentified flying objects, which were described as "official Pentagon objects". The movie reportedly featured footage of objects tracked by radar over Washington, D.C. and included testimony from former officials such as Edward J. Ruppelt, former chief of the Air Force investigation of UFOs.

JOURNAL WAR HERALD
24 APRIL 1956

HOLLYWOOD PRODUCERS PREVIEW
MOVIE OF ILLUSIVE "SAUCERS"
BY RON THOMAS
Associated Press Writer 

HOLLYWOOD, April 23 - The illusiveness of unidentified flying objects was properly described as "official Pentagon objects" proved to be quite bright, while so-called flying saucers proved to be quite dim compared to their movie treatment.

Charges of Green and Russell House said today their soon-to-be-released movie treatment of unexplained air phenomena has documented all of their material as authentic.

The movie, a few minutes less than 90-minutes in length, is intended as a factual screen presentation of or air phenomena. The Greene-Rouse movie, titled "The Flying Saucer," documents the entire flying saucer controversy including the presence of some 14 scientifically "tracked" objects seen by thousands over Washington, D.C.

The movie declares the Pentagon decided these objects were neither A-1 nor U.F.O. but were real. The film discloses reports from Deiter S. Newhouse, Navy chief photographer, on the Utah film made in 1952 which identified flying objects. Also included is testimony of Edward J. Ruppelt, former chief of the Air Force investigation of U.F.O.'s, Dr. J. Allen Hynek, former Air Force scientist liaison officer for Project Blue Book, and various other civilian and military eye-witnesses.

The movie, which took several months to produce, also includes scenes of radar trackings of the objects over Washington, D.C. Officials of the Air Force, the Pentagon, and others connected with the project were interviewed extensively for the factual material used in the film.