There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which contains handwritten text describing an unidentified object sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (UNIDENTARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a detailed description of the event that you observed. You may use past information that you have already given in the documentation, and add any further comments, observation or details of the change-in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size may be attached if they are needed.

The handwritten text states:
"A.c. gas 7.13c arrived at 8:10 a.m. many times through land and witness the duration of the sighting was 30 seconds to 1 minute. the object traveled west to east quickly at about 500-700 feet. they same only 1 object. it appeared to be square or rectangular in shape. it had no wings or fins, no exhaust or contrails and no sounds were heard. it moved very fast and disappeared from sight in a matter of 30 seconds." 

This is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (UNIDENTARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a detailed description of the event that you observed. You may use past information that you have already given in the documentation, and add any further comments, observation or details of the change-in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size may be attached if they are needed.

NAME 
(Please Print)
SIGNATURE 
DATE
A.c. gas 7.13c arrived at 8:10 a.m. many times through land and witness the duration of the sighting was 30 seconds to 1 minute. the object traveled west to east quickly at about 500-700 feet. they same only 1 object. it appeared to be square or rectangular in shape. it had no wings or fins, no exhaust or contrails and no sounds were heard. it moved very fast and disappeared from sight in a matter of 30 seconds.