The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing a "Final Report - Preview of Motion Picture 'Unidentified Flying Objects' (Cont.)".

Text from the document:

Memo for OSI, subj: Final Report - Preview of Motion Picture "Unidentified Flying Objects" (Cont.)

A detailed and very detailed analysis was made by a private laboratory of the film strip in question. Their conclusions, in part, were "photograph of the images indicate that they are genuinely reminiscent of actual phenomena." The fact that the images do fade is reminiscent of actual photographic images. The analysis indicated some peculiar phenomena at various distances made by this laboratory which show the distortion created by the air mass in the vicinity of the objects shown, much similar to our original evaluation analysis of the Tremonton Case as established in this file and designated.

PAUL CASE (Tremonton, Utah): The conclusions made in the preliminary report are substantially correct. The following are the findings based on the photograph's analysis and observation:

Velocity on the evening of 2 July 1952, per your request, was approximately 1200 mph. Your photographs showing two distinct objects were examined. In our opinion there was a strong possibility that these were actual sightings and that the objects shown are the same as those shown in the movie. Our files do show that this report was counter-signed by Capt. Ruppelt. Further analysis was made on the evidence which showed that the sea gulls appeared similar to the objects in the film. This film does show that there were two distinct object sightings on that evening, and that a critical analysis made a few days ago of this film substantiated earlier conclusions. A further critical analysis made at this date gives the same opinion, namely, that these were sea gulls. It should also be pointed out that the body of this report was original submitted on 26 July 1952. Therefore, there is a complimentary version of the film. 

PATE CASE (Lt. Gorman, N.D.): This office maintains the conclusions made on the preliminary report, par. ---. 

WASHINGTON RADAR SIGHTINGS (20 July 1952 - 26 July 1952): This office maintains the comments made on the preliminary report, par. ---.

1 inch
Cy. 7930, dtd 26 May 1956
GEORGE T. GREGORY
Captain, USAF
Project, Aerial Phenomena Group