The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the INTELLIGENCE DIVISION of the UNITED STATES AIR FORCE regarding an "Unidentified Flying Object Report" dated 22 April 1960. The letter is addressed to Major Frisby at the Air Technical Intelligence Center and discusses various aspects of the reported UFO incident.

Text from the document:

INTELLIGENCE DIVISION
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
2032 Maryland Ave., Louisiana

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: CF/GC/INTEL

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO: Major Frisby
Air Technical Intelligence Center
ATIC: ATIAA-2A
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. I appreciate very much the favorable comment you made on the prior to shipment report of this incident as referred to in the UFO report submitted from this wing.

2. I am glad to learn that you have a very good set-up here in investigating and processing UFOB's. I have enclosed a copy of our latest office instructions which contain some guide lines to be followed by this office in handling this type of matter.

3. Each intelligence officer and key NCO of this wing have in their possession a copy of this latest instructions (including attachments), pencils, paper, pad, etc. These aids are constantly being referred to and further emphasis is being placed on handling these matters at the office level.

4. As I mentioned in my previous letter, vehicle log cards regarding these incidents are being maintained at this office. As we can expect an "upsurge" in UFOB reports, we are doing everything possible to improve our administrative procedures looking toward more efficient and prompt handling and reporting of these incidents.

5. I am gratified that you feel that I can be of assistance toward improving the instructions and procedures being followed in this matter. You may rest assured that we will be better able to comply with AFR 200-2.

6. I feel confident that these aids have been of great help to us and if they continue all contribute to an increased awareness on the part of all agencies toward improving them.

Sincerely

SIGNED
GEORGE US
Major, USAF 
Wing Intelligence Officer