There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

in the sense that the beam wasn't movable in itself, that the entire object had to move to move the beam light--this fixed light. This fixed light, was this one and the same or less the rear of the ship?
We only saw one beam in operation at a time but both red lights on the front and rear or sides, however the case may be, were always visible. 
Would you say it was round? The light or the object? 
No, the object itself.
The object was round--someone would say a flying saucer--that is what it looked like?
Yes, that's right.
And it was supposedly hovering over the ground at a certain altitude for a certain length of time. In that area?
That's correct, quite considerable lengths of time it hovered over the ground and appeared motionless.
Well, you know a lot of people have been talking about weather balloons and illusions and so forth, and how there might be two members of the California highway patrol who saw something the other night. Something that's the big thing we want to point out. And, in checking with the San Francisco city area--there were two balloons let out with red and white lights but these balloons were not in the area where we had the instance, no, if anyone had them.
And something else, too, is the fact that you or Mr. Scott put the red light on the object. Just what happened then? We'll, when the object moved away from us, and we followed it in the patrol car at which time we lost sight of it. We stopped after several miles and got out of the patrol car and as I recall, we climbed on the hood of the car to look over a knoll. There it was, the object still right up above us.
It was hovering about a mile away. At this time it appeared to be about a mile away.
Well, was saying earlier that at one time it was behind the hill, and all of a sudden it seemed to jump over the hill. That was the time. It appeared a lot closer that what it was.
How big would you say the object was? As large or larger than an airliner. Could you say on foot approximately? About 150 to 200 feet.