The provided image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from a typed report or document. I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and extract all the text found in the document.

Mr. Sherman described the explosion, the white flash coming out of one side of the red light, and directed the stream of light diagonally across and upward, the object shaped like an elongated box. His statements of the details of the object that he saw following the white flash of light, he saw a "bubble shaped object about 300 yards" (he said), "it appeared to be oval in shape". (See page 14.) Mr. Sherman described the red light going out at the moment of the explosion and leaving an afterglow glow which lasted for a little while, but no sound was heard. The object then simply disappeared and there was no debris to be seen in the Gorden Court.

Mrs. Sherman confirmed the statements of the others on most points. She didn't see the object falling downward. The others who saw the object watched it and they said it hovered a while and then it took off straight up at a fast rate. One person could perceive all of the details of a bizarre happening such as this. (Witnesses were viewing such an occurrence for the first time could give a more complete account of the various details which contributed to the complete picture.

All five observers related how they continued to watch the red light as it again remained motionless (after the reddening of the explosion) for five minutes or so. Then it began to move, very slowly, due east. It continued this course for about two, then turned northward. This building is toward the west and the object finally disappeared behind some Hollywood Boulevard trees. As soon as Mrs. Sherman and Mr. Sherman reached the lobby, the elevator watcher realized that very soon buildings would obstruct the view to the roof where they had an excellent unobstructed view of the object and scanned stationary for approximately ten minutes. The three viewers described what they observed toward the object, and was out again for approximately two minutes. They proceeded and was out straight up at a fast rate.

MORE OBSERVERS TELL OF SATURDAY NIGHT SIGHTING.

A little more than a fourth of a mile north of the Gorden Court, Miss June Di Maria, a tenant at the Lanmark Apartments, 7047 Franklin Avenue, just as she was about to enter the building, she was startled by an explosion and flash of light, which lit up the ground around her. She said, "I looked up and saw a pink cloud of smoke - out of mushroom shape, and it tumbled and swirled, and then it disappeared." The left side looked like it had a pulsing glow. "This lasted for a second. Then the smoke seemed to turn to lavender and different colors." Miss Di Maria claims she did not come out into the apartment building then and did not see anymore.

Ivan Hickey, night manager of the Union Service Station at the corner of Sycamore, more than a half a mile away saw the red light slowly ascending in the sky and it was very bright. He said the light appeared to be moving up at a steady rate and did not see it again. He did not recall the time. (It is presumed to have been before 11:15 P.M.)

Floyd Rickords, instructor of IBM Key punch, of 1616 North Carson Avenue, was viewing the moon through his telescope in his driveway, 1200 feet north and focal length, approximately 25 mm. 48 power eyepiece. Mr. Rickords told of his experience, "It was near 11:30 PM and I just happened to be out and suddenly saw a loud explosion and flash of light that was so bright."