The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically addressing AFCIN-48, which stands for "ATIC Capability for Investigating Sightings of Unidentified Aerial Phenomena".

AFCIN-P
1. During the week of 11-15 July 1960, briefings were held at Department of Defense and ATIC facilities and at the Air Defense Command and the Air Materiel Command concerning the investigation of Unidentified Aerial Phenomena. During the course of these meetings, briefings were given to certain members of the Senate and House Committees concerned with this problem.

2. At a briefing on 13 July 1960, Mr. Stuart French of the Senate Committee on Preparedness pointed out that ATIC should have a capability to investigate those cases which give an indication of having a high intelligence or scientific potential, and also those which generate an unusually large number of public inquiries. Suggestions were made that the Atomic Energy Commission and Astronautics Committee, CIA, and Office of Secretary of the Air Force on 15 July 1960. Mr. Robert Smart, Chief of the Armed Services Committee, stated that the investigative capability of Air Force bases, as currently limited to preliminary investigations, should be expanded. This was taken to mean that the Aerial Phenomena Group of ATIC should have a higher priority assigned to the fact that for an interim period, financing of travel and communications with this program was required.

3. This additional function is estimated to involve 12 to 13 cases each year requiring investigation and subsequent reporting. This represents an activity of collecting and analyzing not within the present capability of ATIC staffed with one commissioned Officer and one non-commissioned officer. The assignment of an additional officer and would cost approximately $3,000 in travel funds.

4. It is requested that the additional personnel and funds be authorized. This request is being routed to AFCIN-P, since the representative at the meeting, Lt. Colonel Sullivan, expressed a willingness to coordinate in securing the additional resources necessary. The officer selected for the additional function would be an experienced Intelligence Officer with a background suitable for this type of activity.