The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an excerpt from a document that appears to be a Project Blue Book report. The text describes a number of people who were involved with UFO cases, including Charles Moore, a balloonist who made observations related to the presence of water on Venus. The text also mentions the launching of a large test balloon at White Sands on April 24, 1949, and the involvement of a team member who had experience in tracking balloons.

The full text of the document is as follows:

By luck I seem to have known a number of people who were directly concerned with UFO cases, though unfortunately (or perhaps I should say fortunately!) I have never had any personal experience with a UFO. There was the daring parachutist in the famous Chiles-Whitted case in Alabama about 10 years ago, and there is the balloonist, Charles Moore, who recently took the observations that established the presence of water on Venus. Speaking of balloonists, I happen also to know personally the man who launched the first Sky Hook balloon, in the days when these things were superaecret, and which particular balloon happened to cause Captain Mantell's death when on that fateful day he blacked out in attempting to identify it. 

The Charles Moore case is of some interest in itself because of the high technical qualifications of the observer. He was preparing a site for the launching of a large test balloon at White Sands on April 24, 1949. He was checking on cross-winds in the valley between two mountain ranges and had launched a small weather balloon, watching it in a theodolite, keeping it on the cross-hairs. He had a new chap on the team who wanted experience in tracking balloons; and so Moore turned the theodolite to him, cautioning him to keep it on and not lose it, because Moore didn't want to waste a balloon. Shortly after, Moore looked up to check the balloon by unaided eye and thought he saw it moving off to the east. He yelled at the chap that he had lost the balloon, but the chap said no, he still had it in the scope. He said it was not moving off, as Moore thought, but was coming almost straight at them, moving very fast.