There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text.

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 94--THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
Formal multiple inversions of 3 to 36 degrees occurred nightly. Under certain conditions, practically any light shining into the sky will be projected as a mirage and to perform weird antics. Determining what was the actual source of specific phenomenon is almost impossible.
Authenticating factors, certain heavenly bodies made their own contribution to the excitement. Most of the objects observed last night and watched for periods of one to three hours or more, seemed to have moved off the earth or Alekarian or the planet Mars.
Some of the most spectacular sightings were those reported from Red Bluff the nights of August 13-14. Two highway patrolmen were chasing a speeding motorcycle when, at about 11:30 P.M. P.D.S.T., they saw what they at first supposed to be a brilliantly lighted aircraft falling directly toward them, jumping out of their car, they watched its descent and then it shot upward into the eastern sky. The performance continued for more than two hours. Because of this, the the Air Force base at Red Bluff was notified, and a crew of several officers who were witnesses watched and set up photoelectric cells to record the phenomenon. They determined that the UFO first noticed by the patrolmen was probably the star Capella, which at Red Bluff is circumspolar. It rose at 10:50 P.M. and at the time of the sighting was about 47 degrees above the horizon. About an hour later (12:48 A.M.) Mars, rose also in the northeast and close behind it (1:35 A.M.) came the bright star Aldebaran, which made a striking pair with Mars. With these brilliant heavenly bodies just above the horizon, on a night of fantastic multiple inversions of temperature and humidity, the only surprising fact is that the number of UFOs reported was not larger.

A person who has never been lucky enough to see a good mirage may feel skeptical about the phenomenon. But those who have encountered a spectacular example--for example, the Chicago sky line projected upside-down above Lake Michigan--know how startlingly real it can seem. When the source of the mirage is not apparent, the displayed image can seem mysterious and even frightening, as to many UFOs.