There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text only.

RECEIVED CALLS: 15 November 1950

CAPT NAYLOR: We'd like to your views, if any.
MR. [REDACTED]: What is your phone number?
CAPTAIN NAYLOR: Did I understand you are employed on the power project?
MR. [REDACTED]: Yes, I'm an electrical foreman and I noticed something unusual - a strange light and something that looked like a saucer hovering over the plant. About 150, in other words, you were about due south of the power plant and the first time I saw it, it was about due south and about 300 feet up. It was bearing of 320째 from your position.
CAPTAIN NAYLOR: It was bearing of 320째 from your position?
MR. [REDACTED]: It was bearing from about 320째 the first time I saw it. It looked to me like it was gathering in for a short time and then it went up rapidly, about 320째 or something like that. It shot up and just took off towards the northeast.
CAPTAIN NAYLOR: Would you estimate that it was traveling at a normal pace or somewhat faster?
MR. [REDACTED]: It was going rather fast, I would say it was faster than a normal aircraft. It wasn't too high, it was down low, it wasn't too high. It wasn't too far away, it was pretty close. But it was down low and it shot up rapidly and just took off to the northeast.
CAPTAIN NAYLOR: Would you estimate that it was traveling at a normal pace or somewhat faster?
MR. [REDACTED]: It was going rather fast, I would say it was faster than a normal aircraft. It wasn't too high, it was down low, it wasn't too high. It wasn't too far away, it was pretty close. But it was down low and it shot up rapidly and just took off to the northeast.
CAPTAIN NAYLOR: Would you estimate that it was traveling parallel with the horizon or more like a vertical ascent?
MR. [REDACTED]: It was roughly parallel with the horizon, but it was down low and then it shot up rapidly and just took off to the northeast. It wasn't too high, it was down low, and then it just shot up rapidly and took off.