The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION 
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:   TD-EE

SUBJECT:   Unidentified Aerial Phenomena

TO:   TD-G (Colonel Carlisle)

1. Reference our letter to AFOIN-P, subject: "Project Blue Book (Unidentified Flying Objects)," dated 20 April 1966, relating information concerning the sighting of unidentified flying objects by Mr. Barney Abell on 16 February 1966.

2. Paragraph 6 of the referenced letter expressed that in the opinion of FTD, the UFO report should be a special project and the function absorbed by the Air Force in the conduct of its overall mission. Investigations and evaluations of UFO sightings should be the responsibility of the Air Force, and no special projects should be made to determine the cause for all sightings, but the primary objective would be directed toward determining the technical potential of the occurrences.

3. Our opinion that the UFO program should be discontinued as a special project is drawn from the following:

4. During the past 15 years the USAF has studied over 7300 cases of sightings of unidentified flying objects without discovering one shred of evidence indicating that UFO sightings are due to interplanetary space vehicles.

5. The accumulation of invaluable information for those incidents which may be significant other than as UFO sightings, are made to stop the Air Force elements through channels completely independent for those spelled out for UFO reports.

Based on experience gained from analyzing thousands of cases, it is believed that field organizations could determine the causes for approximately 75 percent of the reported unidentified potentials of them all.

Due to the time element and familiarity with the local environment, field organizations are better position to determine the cause of sightings for items such as aircraft, balloons launched locally, etc., than is FTD with the present method of operations.

Some of the sightings which take place during a year require more sophisticated treatment, than is often conducted under the capable of giving; however, in those cases it would be only to recognize the significance of the sighting and notify some agency with a specialized capability, e.g. the detection of a launch could be noted to an appropriate agency.