There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Aerial Phenomena Research Organization
P.O. Box 1441
Tucson, Arizona

17 October 1960

Lawrence J. Tacker, Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D. C.

Dear Sir:

I am writing again in regard to the UFO residuals which have been discussed (see my letter dated 9 March 1960 which you answered 11 March 1960).

We are very anxious to obtain any additional information regarding several reasons. We feel that Air Force analysts should have an opportunity to study these complete histories of the material before attempting tests.

A complete report of this type has been prepared for some time but we have encountered problems in getting it published. These problems appear to me to still be present to have been resolved and copies will be forwarded to your office and to others as soon as possible.

For reasons not entirely clear, you have chosen to withhold comment on our suggestions that these proposed tests be performed by an independent agency, rather than under the auspices of USAF and ATIC representatives.

If additional information on this procedure seems appropriate, I would be pleased to elaborate.

The accusations of Donald Keyhoe together with certain grave inconsistencies in certain Air Force public information releases has seriously undermined public confidence in your agency. The procedure we recommend would eliminate any basis for such public concern regarding the good faith of all parties.

I would also like to inquire whether or not the Air Force has reached any final conclusions concerning the following listed cases and, if so, what these conclusions are:

(1) The cave and surrounding area (simultaneous viewing from two locations) provided and range and altitude data.

(2) The incident near Boulder, Colorado (In Left Hand Canyon) on 11 August 1960 involving "tremendous object". He related "frantic" reactions symptomatic of Gamma radiation.

(3) The case described to you involving two employees of the San Francisco water department who observed a UFO hovering above a dam on July 13, 1960.

Sincerely Yours,
[Signature redacted]