There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document that contains text providing details about a mysterious object observed in the sky over Ohio.

Transcribed text from the document:

A MYSTERIOUS OBJECT AEROSPACE RESEARCH CALLED KEY TO FUTURE
Capt. J. B. Brine of Travis AFB, Calif., was keeping his eyes on the sky watching for anything that looked unusual on the night of Oct. 13. 1954. He had received a call from civilian witnesses who were observing a strange object over the Toledo, Ohio, area.
What Capt. Brine saw thrilled him as a jet pilot and as a scientist. High in the night sky was a mysterious object that appeared to be performing maneuvers which were beyond the capabilities of any known aircraft. Capt. Brine figured that if it was some kind of strange celestial body, it was his duty to find out as much about it as he could.
The object first appeared as a steady light in the sky. Suddenly it flashed a burst of light. Almost immediately it flashed a second bright burst. It then drew itself up into a brilliant point of light, like a telescope drawn to a point, and then it rapidly expanded into a huge brilliant illuminated area, perhaps a half-mile in diameter, at an altitude of 105,000 feet.
The saucer-shaped object remained motionless in the sky for about 15 minutes, Brine said, and then it vanished. The radar control center at the Patrick Air Force Base had been alerted and they tracked the object on their screens. They confirmed that it was stationary at the reported altitude for the period observed.
Capt. Brine said he couldn't do anything that night because his flight plan for a routine training mission had already been approved and he had to carry it out. After landing, however, he submitted a detailed report on the startling sighting.
LOCATION: TOLEDO, OHIO
DATE: OCT. 13, 1954
AIR FORCE CREW PREPARES G-R-104 PROGRAM FOR TESTS
Stotless aircraft are winding up programed in critical test undertaking to determine what is limiting their airworthiness in maximum performance testing and preparation of new combat aircraft to be superior to those in current use.
Flight tests of projected G-F-101C aircraft being conducted by Air Force to provide engineering data and operational proof of advanced airframes, power plants and accessories. Sperry Phoenix Co. has developed this demonstration of advanced electronic equipment and techniques to obtain essential data ...