There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document.

The text from the document is as follows:

The Wolfe City Public Schools
Superintendent 
WOLFE CITY, TEXAS

Commander
USAF UFO Project
Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

I would like to report what I genuinely believe to have been a UFO sighting on September 29, this year. The incident occurred in this community between the hours of 2:00 and 6:00. I am not an habitual writer of letters or this nature. Indeed, I am an Air Force Reservist (inactive) and am quite well aware of the noises of jets and the sounds of meteoric and cosmic air disturbances.

I have three witnesses to this sighting who will corroborate my story as the events that they observed correspond with UFO. I took great care to ascertain that what I was observing was not a conventional aircraft. It was silent, the maneuvers in the manner of one would expect of a satellite, or a guided missile.

From my window, the object moved southerly for forty-five degrees from the horizon down to approximately twenty. It had the general appearance of what would normally have been white to orange, red, and green. (Its motions would tend to rule out being out of Mars or any other celestial body.) As this latter position it hovered momentarily, then darted from side to side. Brilliant flashes of white light were occasionally still or move in a general upward direction. I got into my car and drove out on the highway to observe it better. According to the brightness and relative position on the horizon and in relation to my two positions of observation, it was sufficiently distant to be easily observed as approximately five or six miles away.

I was quite too sudden in direction and high in speed to have confused it with aircraft or the thing I thought might be a satellite. The object seemed to me quite solid and appeared to change color. When it was over Wolfe City, a Mrs. _____ and another person also observed the phenomenon and confirm its motions and color changes.

I want to the telephone and attempted to reach some agency in Dallas who would be interested in relating. I returned home and waited until (0:00) hours when I begged for and got permission to report this occurrence to your office. I feel that if this sighting is of significance, you should have the data. I am sending this letter by registered mail to assure its delivery. I have been stars were moving slightly, no doubt a manifestation of my viewing from fatigue.

Sincerely,
___________________