The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document containing building restrictions or covenants.

BUILDING RESTRICTIONS

These Covenants are to run with the land and shall be binding on all parties and all persons claiming under them until January 1, 1970, at which time said Covenants shall be automatically extended for successive periods of 10 years unless by vote of a majority of the then owners of the lots it is agreed to change said covenants in whole or in part.

Covenants herein contained, or any of them, or their, or their being or alteration shall violate or abrogate any part of the subdivision to prosecute any proceedings at law or in equity against the person or persons violating or attempting to violate any such Covenant and to either prevent them from so doing or to recover damages or other dues for such violation.

A. All lots in the tract shall be known and described as residential lots, except Lot number One, which is to be reserved for retail business purpose, and except Lot number thirty-five, which is reserved for an office and shop. No structure shall be erected, altered, placed, or permitted to remain on any residential lot other than one detached single family dwelling with a private garage for more than three (3) cars and providing that accommodations for domestic servants may be included in the main structure.

21. that shall all be erected a height above the natural contours of the land of not more than thirty-five (35) feet in height. And as to the remaining lots in said subdivision no building or structure shall be erected, altered, placed or permitted to remain on any lot having a building not exceeding twenty-one (21) feet in height.

B. No building shall be located nearer to the front lot line or nearer to the side street line than the building set-back lines shown on the recorded plan. No building including eaves or other projections shall be nearer than ten (10) feet from any side lot line.

G. No noxious or offensive trade or activity shall be carried on upon any lot nor shall anything be done thereon which may be or become an annoyance or nuisance to the neighborhood, and no person shall keep poultry, guineas, rabbits, cattle, horses, or mules on any lot nor keep any stable or kennel for dogs, cats or other domestic animal or pets except house dogs may be kept on lot number forty-six.

I. The exterior materials used on all buildings shall be new and all residences shall be completely modern.

J. The ground floor area of the main structure, exclusive of one-story open porches and garages, shall be not less than 1000 square feet in the case of a one-story structure, nor less than 400 square feet per living unit in the case of a one and one-half or two story structure.

H. Easements for sewer, water and all public utilities for installation and maintenance, and walkway, all as indicated on the recorded plat, are reserved.

K. No person of any race other than the white or Caucasian race shall own, use or occupy any building or any of the said lots, except that this Covenant shall not prevent occupancy by domestic servants of a different race domiciled with an owner or tenant.

Owner