The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Here is the text from the document:

APR 2 /1960 FIR 39/7282/3 AUG 60

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

There is no authenticated evidence that any of the numerous unidentified flying objects (UFOs) which have been reported actually represent vehicles or devices of extraterrestrial origin. The so-called "sightings" of such objects are either the result of misinterpretations of known or natural phenomena, or they are hoaxes. There is no direct physical threat to the security of the country from these objects, as they have not shown hostile or aggressive action. Nor have they interfered with the activities of the U.S. Air Force or other military units, which maintain constant vigilance for the defense of the nation. The public, the press or Congress should avoid speculation or controversy, as this leads to unwarranted alarm and public confusion.  

If an act of Congress, the United States Air Force is charged with the duty of investigating the validity of reports of unidentified flying objects. In connection with this vital and important mission, the Air Force must investigate, to the best of its ability, any reports or sightings that are made by responsible persons or agencies. Since the whole matter is a complex one, involving the interests of national security, individual privacy, and the advancement of scientific knowledge, the Air Force must necessarily be selective and guarded in the information it releases.

There is no intention, whatsoever, to conceal information from the public. But there are limitations and difficulties involved in this type of investigation which make complete and immediate disclosure impractical. The obvious aim is to arrive at the truth, whatever that may be, and to make it known to the proper authorities. The implications of the existence of intelligent life elsewhere in the universe are so profound that such a discovery, if made, would unquestionably be announced. But the present state of our knowledge does not warrant such a momentous conclusion. Speculation along these lines should be avoided, as it tends to create more confusion than understanding.