The image does not contain a photograph, but rather text describing a UFO sighting that occurred near Wallops Island, Virginia on April 1, 1960. The text provides a detailed account of the event, including the appearance of a bright yellow streak of fire, a large reddish-sphere, and the subsequent disappearance of the object. The text also mentions the involvement of newspapers, universities, and observatories in investigating the incident.

The Wallops Island UFO

Perhaps the most spectacular (and short-lived) UFO in history appeared at 6:53 P.M. E.S.T. on April 1, 1960, along the east coast. A bright yellow streak of fire shot up from the horizon into the eastern sky and then changed into a huge zigzag pattern. With the streak of fire appeared a large reddish-sphere, reported by some observers to be as large as the full moon and seemingly close to the horizon. For a brief moment, the giant brilliant object slowly moved eastward, followed by a trail of greenish sparks. While still at high altitude and over the Atlantic Ocean, it suddenly vanished--as though it had simply taken off into outer space. Switchboards in eastern cities were jammed as witnesses called newspapers, universities, and nearby observatories to report a "fiery object in the sky."

Food's Day apparition: a scheduled but unannounced rocket launching from Wallops Island, Virginia. The yellow fire was debris from the rocket, reflecting the rays of the setting sun, contrary winds in the upper atmosphere produced the zigzag form. The luminous globe was a full-scale model of the Echo satellite--an inflated balloon seventy-foot in diameter. Carried aloft by the rocket, dry powder escaping through holes in the balloon produced the greenish tail. The object had "vanished" when the balloon full back into the atmosphere.

Although the newspapers published a full explanation within a day or two, some saucer enthusiasts continued to treat the apparition as a mystery. In its Special Bulletin for May the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (see Chapter XII) included the incident under "Recent UFO Sightings" and described the object seen as "bright, pulsating UFO that hovered in one spot for several minutes before it began to move." Not until three months after the launching did the organization conclude (UFO Investigator, July-August, 1960) that the April 1st UFO was "probably" the giant balloon sent up from Wallops Island. On August 12, 1960, the counterpart of this balloon went into orbit and became the satellite Echo, which is still circling the earth, shining like a star the first magnitude or second.