The image appears to contain a typed document, but there is no photograph present. 

Unidentified Flying Objects Group
U. S. Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

At almost exactly 7:00 P.M. Eastern Standard Time on January 4, 1960, I saw an apparently well-defined light in the southwest. I had stepped out of the back door of my house and happened to look upward, noting that the light was cool and clear. Immediately I realized that this was not a star nor an elevation of approximately 25 to 30 degrees. It was moving slowly but gradually to a point that I would guess to be about 30 to 35 degrees in elevation. The light was yellow-orange in color, and it was this characteristic, rather than its motion, that first attracted my attention.

After watching the light for about 15 seconds, I summoned my sister to see it, and I walked to the side of the house away from the glare of a porch light so that I could see it better.

After watching the light for about 15 seconds, I then went indoors because of the cold. It was not until about 5 to 10 minutes later that I was able to see the light again. This time is was barely visible. Ten seconds later it disappeared, but did not reappear. Within a few seconds of the time it disappeared, I heard a rather loud rumbling sound that seemed to travel in about 5 seconds, very much like thunder. Coming from the general direction where I had last seen the light.

I do not discount the possibility that the rumbling I heard was a large truck on a distant highway. However, I doubt that it was thunder as there were no clouds in the sky. Whenever I see an unusual light such as aircraft running lights, the ambient noise level in this rural neighborhood was extremely low.

I do not discount the possibility that the rumble I heard was a large truck on a distant highway. However, I doubt that it was thunder as there were no clouds in the sky. The sun had set about 4:30 P.M., and no glow was visible on the western horizon at 7:00 P.M. when the light was visible. The temperature was below freezing and there was no wind. The light was certainly not any of the usual celestial bodies, nor was it anything that I could associate with known types of aircraft or other man-made objects.

Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]