There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a typed report containing text about several UFO cases investigated under Project Blue Book.

Memo for OSI, subj: Final Report - Preview of Action Picture "Unidentified Flying Objects." (Cont)
7. Jan (2) Mantell Case (Goodman Field, Ky.): This office maintains the conclusion that the probable explanation of the preliminary report is Pl* -26.
(3) Sperry Case (Wash., D.C.): This office does not have this case file. The conclusion mentioned in the preliminary report is that the object was considered as many as 15 ft. in diameter and was sighted on 21 May 50 1947. It is also possible that this case was not formally considered as a "ATIC" case but was handled as an "investigative or analytical" matter, with mention of the sighting in a newspaper or magazine. The preliminary report found no machine article with which the object observed could be evaluated.
(4) James Case (Godman Field, Ky.): This case is considered as "resembling the "white-haired" case (see Pr.3C) preliminary report). After a second review of the motion picture, the 'Conclusions' paragraph by the two airline pilots, Vintner and Backemeier, after their two-week study of the motion picture, states that they thought the object was the same as the Backemeier case, and that the Backemeier case at least has observations similar to the film for several seconds. Backemeier cases resemble each other, Both airline pilot crew observed "dome-shaped objects' in half time lasing lights similar to running lights. A bright light similar to landing light. Visible for a short time only for comments a* motion of lights "as" apparent motion of object, could have been a 0-36, slightly off course, orbiting over clouds, the image rocking as a" visible check on the velocity and turning of the object. It was determined by ATIC that at that time (19'52)1 Ac did not maintain records of their motion picture films within the 2*.
(5) Godman Case (Atlanta, Georgia): Briefly mentioned in the Pr. 3C, concluding paragraph, "A' record of 35 mm. motion picture film of several unidentified aerial objects was taken by Mr. Ayres of Bellefonte, Pa. covering the sighting given in the film."
(6) Resdisrland Case (Great Falls, Mont.): The conclusions made in the preliminary report are substantially correct. The detailed in a final conclusion issued as a technical report by the Air Technical intelligence Center of the Ohio State University on the evening of 29 May 1956. After an ATIC investigation, it was concluded that the UFO's apparently were two T-33 aircraft. In support of this conclusion, a low-speed and circular-motion of the objects was indicated.