The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

"January 27, 1961

Capt. Lawrence Trucker
I. D. No. V. -General 13
Palywonda, 23, California

Dear Sir:

I would like to report a very strange sighting in the sky over Chula Vista and San Diego over a month ago.

On the evening of December 23, 1960, my wife and I were out for a drive around 8:30 p.m. As we were driving along Broadway in Chula Vista, an extremely bright object came into view, moving at a very high rate of speed.

At first I thought it was possibly an airplane, but it was traveling much too fast. We watched it for about 30 to 45 seconds, and it was moving in a straight line. As it passed overhead, it appeared to be 3 to 4 times the size of a normal aircraft.

The object had a bright white light, and seemed to be glowing or emitting its own light. It made no sound at all, and left no trail or exhaust behind it.

After it passed overhead, it seemed to suddenly disappear from view. We were both amazed at what we had seen, and discussed it for some time afterwards.

On the evening of January 7, 1961, my wife and I were again driving in the same area around 8:30 p.m. Suddenly, the same or a very similar object came into view, moving at the same high rate of speed. It was in sight for about 15 to 20 seconds before it disappeared from view.

If I were to identify this object, I would have to say it was unlike any aircraft I have ever seen before. It was much larger, faster, and completely silent in its operation.

There was no indication that this object was controlled by any normal propulsion system. It seemed to be navigating under its own power, and was able to change direction and speed with ease.

I would appreciate it if you could give me any information or explanation as to what this object might have been. I realize that it is difficult to identify a sighting like this, but I feel it is important to report it, as I am convinced that it was not a normal aircraft.

Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely,
Lawrence Tucker"