There is no photograph present in this scanned document. The document appears to be an official file copy of a UFO sighting report from the Red Bluff area of California.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
APC BL-1229
Congressional Request for Summary of UFO Sightings
(Dr. Robert Smart, House Armed Services Committee)

ABOUT-3d (1/Col Hacker)
1. The incidents contained in this correspondence are of the UFO sightings which occurred in the Red Bluff, California area between 23-24 August 1960. These sightings were reported to the USAF (Major L. F. Hagar, AFOC-3d) and (LI/Col J. Roland, CAFLI) on 16 November 1960. Information concerning this sighting was furnished by Mr. Robert Smart, Phone.

2. On 13 August 1960, at 2345 hours, PDT, two California highway patrol-men observed an unidentified flying object while patrolling 15 miles south of Red Bluff, California. The object appeared to be round and emitted a pulsating light. When first observed, the object was approximately three miles from the patrol car and the witnesses estimated the diameter to be about 60 feet. As the object approached the patrol car, the officers leaped from their car in order to better observe it. The object hovered at an altitude of about 500 feet and remained in their vicinity for about 10 to 15 minutes. The object then accelerated rapidly and was lost to sight in a few seconds. The witnesses stated that the object displayed no power exhaust or sound.

3. On 17 August 1960, at 1230 hours, PDT, a deputy sheriff and a deputy sheriff trainee, Tehama County Sheriff's Office, it was determined that two deputies and their trainee were driving in a patrol car approximately 20 miles south of Red Bluff, California. They observed an object at ground level along the side of the highway which was approximately three to five feet in diameter and appeared to be metallic in color. As the patrol car approached, the object rose rapidly and disappeared over the horizon in approximately three to five seconds. The witnesses stated that the object made no sound and displayed no exhaust or power source.