The image appears to show a newspaper article with a photograph. The article is titled "Churchwoman Sticks to Story: Saw 'Flying Saucer' Hover Over Home" and is about a woman named Mary Elizabeth Willis who claims to have seen a "flying saucer" hovering over her home.

Transcription of the text in the document:

CHURCHWOMAN STICKS TO STORY:

Saw 'Flying Saucer' Hover Over Home

BY BOB WILLIAMS

Here's a tale of flying saucers, unidentified flying objects dropped from the sky, and a woman who swears she saw one.

The woman is Mrs. Mary Elizabeth Willis, 57, of 6212 E. 92nd St., a member of the Second Mile Baptist Church where she is church clerk.

Mrs. Willis, a sober-minded, rational woman by all accounts, told the story this way:

About 7:15 p.m. last Sunday, she was standing by a window in the living room of her home, she said, when she saw a "round, dish-shaped object" drop from the sky and hover over her neighborhood.

"It was going with the speed of a missile," she declared. "I turned to see if anyone else in the house had noticed it, but everyone else was asleep."

The object, she said, hung over the trees in the neighborhood for several minutes, then suddenly shot straight up and disappeared into the clouds.

"I was so excited I could hardly stand up," she said in a call to The Call & Post later.

"I called the neighbors to look but the object had gone. I called the police station and told them what I had seen, but they said no one else had reported anything like that."

Mrs. Willis said she is convinced that what she saw was a "flying saucer."

"I know what I saw," she declared. "It was a disc-shaped object and it hovered over the trees and then shot straight up and out of sight. I'm not the excitable type, but I know what I saw."

The Cleveland police reports no calls about the incident. The Air Force says it knows nothing about it.

"But there was no sound as I saw the object," Mrs. Willis added.

"I just can't understand why no one else saw it if I did. I know what I saw, though, and I'm sticking to my story."