There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text.

SECURITY INFORMATION (when filled in)
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
HQ 10th AIR DIVISION (DEF)                    IN-1-60                   PAGE 2 OF 5
The Alaska National Guard, did not see the object, but saw the other persons who reported the sighting. According to the report, only one other person than those listed below who saw it at close range. In a town the size of Dillingham, this is probably the only other witness but we have given the names of those who saw it.
He, the observer, saw the object at close range. He is a Deaf-mute native and communicated by signs, but was not personally contacted. The following account was given by his brother which they said was based on his instructions. It was stated that it was creating considerable suction, in fact, enough to pick up two empty 55 gallon drums, and after it had passed, four or five were blown down. He was afraid they would be sucked up. The object passed about 50 to 100 feet from him, and passed close overhead in such a way that he could look right into the door, or open window, to the other houses, a distance of possibly 100 yards. The object passed between the houses and made no noise. (Figure 1) As the object lifted high into the air after it, it seemed to just go straight up. It had a red light on the trailing end. The light around the object gave a glow about 2 to 3 inches around the object, not an intense glow, but was more of a steady glow. There was a red band on the object (about 2 inches wide) around the middle section. There was also, in the center, bottom, a half moon shaped object which whirled at a high velocity. The object ascended gradually as if it was under control. Although the motions and appendages and half moon changed, it was because of language difficulties. It was impossible to determine what the object consisted of. The object was about as big as an automobile and was silver in color. According to the instructions, it was difficult to assess the reliability of these persons but it is probably at least average. Considerable noise was caused by the blowing of the 55 gallon drums, but there was no communication with the object.
Another possible witness was a man who said he had seen the object, but he was then living in an outlying village and had not heard about the sighting until several days later. He stated that he had seen the object.
The sighting occurred on 20/05/50, May 1950. He is the proprietor of a pool hall and barber shop in Dillingham and was standing at the rear window of his establishment. He noticed the object approximately 1/4 or 1/2 mile away near the bridge and approximately paralleling the ridge. He described the object as very bright and appeared to be elongated. He said the object was visible for approximately 10 to 15 seconds and then disappeared. He had not brought binoculars. From the window there is a clear view of the ridge and horizon.