The image appears to contain a typed document with the title "Mother, Son Report UFO Sightings" and text below it describing a report of flying saucers seen over Westford, Massachusetts. There is no photograph present in this image.

MRS. JOSEPH T. CHORNEY of Westford. and her son. STEVEN

Mother, Son Report UFO Sightings

Flying Saucers Seen Over Westford

Have you ever seen a flying large ship - a very dark object? A UFO occurred on April 13, 1960. at about 9:30 P.M. According to the statement of Mrs. Chorney and her 12-year old son, they saw one at that time . It hovered over their home for a while, then left, although they did not have a chance to get a close-up view of it. 

Mrs. Chorney says she saw it again on April 14, 1960. She watched it for quite a while then it left again. They do not know what it was, but believe it was a UFO. 

On April 13, they also saw a glowing UFO over their home at about 11:30 P.M. It hovered for a short time near their home, then zoomed up out of sight very rapidly. This was observed by Mrs. Chorney and her son.

On April 14, about 9:30 P.M., Mrs. Chorney and her son again saw an object, which they believe was a UFO. They watched it for about 10 minutes. It hovered over their home and then took off and disappeared. During this sighting, Mrs. Chorney said the object emitted a bluish-white light that illuminated the whole area.

This is Mrs. Chorney's report, as given to the project. Many air force and scientists have investigated this case but could find no explanation for what Mrs. Chorney and her son saw.

SAUCERS

(Continued from first page)

but it did not convinee the skeptics that it was a genuine UFO. Some have said that it could have been some well-known object that was misidentified. The object was estimated to have been about the size of a large automobile.

It hovered for a short time near the Chorney home and then disappeared at a rapid rate of speed. Mrs. Chorney felt convinced that what she and her son saw was nothing of this world.

The object gave off a bluish-white light that illuminated the whole area. This light was not a steady one, but seemed to be pulsating. The object's motion gave some indications that it was under intelligent control.