There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a newspaper or magazine with various news articles and advertisements.

U-I EXPERIMENTING WITH 'WATER WORLD' PROGRAM
More Space Set
Universal International has secured
rights for the filming of a new science
fiction motion picture titled "Water World"
a story foretelling the expanding role of
oceanography in the future. The property
which has been purchased from Mort
Lewis is reported to be budgeted in excess
of $5,000,000 for production.

TRAVEL-LOG
American Airlines: Alford Hitchcock
scheduled for Amarillo,
Texas, May 20th for his next Alfred Hitchcock TV film "The Cow." I fly to N.Y. last night. Red Skelton from Paris.
Braniff: Sammy Davis Jr.;Pacific Div. mgr.
New York with Bob Merkel.
Pan Am: Robert Hogue, manager, NY
to Honolulu, May 1st.
Fred Lang, yesterday plane Londonwith Danny Kaye; Julia Meade, Telemeter.
Marilyn Erskine, Continental sales mgr.,
Johannesburg to Persia.

GALA
OPENING
TONIGHT

MAURICE
CHEVALIER

COFFEE. BLOOM GET
CASH ASSIGNMENTS
Coffee, Hollywood and TV producer, Bloom
assigned by 20th Century-Fox to handle
production for the company's new television
shows. TV producer Bloom will be in charge
of production in that division of the studio.

THE KING
Lucille Ballard has been signed by
Ballantyne TV Commercials to
star in TV commercials. The first
print commercial has already been
released by the company.

STANDING ROOM ONLY

At the Pantages where the road
has been broken in the lobbies and
box office by the four week stand

COFFEE. BLOOM GET
CASH ASSIGNMENTS
Coffee, Hollywood and TV producer, Bloom
assigned by 20th Century-Fox to handle
production for the company's new television
shows. TV producer Bloom will be in charge
of production in that division of the studio. 

For Next Cinemas Film
Dr. Henry T. Hillman, well known American
scientist, has written a story which M-G-M
will produce to introduce the latest scientific
developments for the cinema. The story,
called "Tomorrow's Horizons," offers a
new concept in scientific drama. The picture
will begin a trend towards
more factual and less fictional scientific films.

Time Gag Comedies
Standing in the face of this record
breaking business come the new
comic and "gag" pictures that are
progressing a timing pace that sets
the industry a trifle
breathless. Comedy and regular first Time
moves are coming back very
definitely.

THE KING 
Lucille Ballard has been signed by
Ballantyne TV Commercials to
star in TV commercials. The first
print commercial has already been
released by the company.

Stephen for 'Wimpole'
Samuel Goldwyn has signed Stephen
Boyd to play the role of Phillip in the
upcoming film "The Improbable Mr.
Wimpole" to be made by MGM with
an all-star cast. This will be an
American film made by MGM.