The image does not appear to contain any photographs or images. It is a scanned page from a document that appears to be about a mysterious light incident over Hollywood.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed using OCR:

MYSTERY FLASH 
Fireball Reported
In Hollywood Skies
That mystery flash which appeared over Hollywood Monday night at 9:20 was seen by residents in Los Angeles, Whittier and Downey, according to reports received by The Citizen-News.
M.D. Aten, who said he was watching television, said the flash was so bright he had to shield his eyes. Others said the flash was seen from several miles away.
Fred A. Law, assistant director of the Griffith Observatory, said the flash may have been a fireball, or meteor, that passed over the area.
"I have reported the phenomenon to the American Meteor Society," he said.
Carp. who lives several miles north east from Hollywood, said he saw the flash and heard a rumbling sound afterward.
"I was standing outside and saw a 'red glow' in the sky to the northwest," he said. "Then it seemed to explode and I heard a rumbling sound afterward. It only lasted for about 10 seconds, but it was brighten than anything I've ever seen in the sky."
(Name Floyd Eatcross should read Floyd Eatcross. Recorder)

Mystery Light Hangs
Over Hollywood
Sources of telephone information were surprised to
enuff cut at
10:55 a.m.
A spokesman for the
Air Force District No. 1 here 
said no scheduled weather balloons
were launched anywhere in the area
last night.
Officers at the Los Angeles weather station said there was no flight of the kind observed in the skies over Hollywood last night scheduled by them. The light, it was said, appeared to have been observed by hundreds of persons in the Hollywood area.
After a check of weather
balloon activities, the U.S.A.F.
and the U.S. Weather Bureau found
that no such balloons were
launched or tracked in the
vicinity of Hollywood last night.
The "sky light," which some witnesses unofficially recording the
phenomenon described as a "weather
balloon," remains unexplained.
The "object" unknown to flying saucer observers was the "mystery light" which hung over Hollywood for nearly an hour last night, according to numerous reports received by The Citizen-News.
Lt. Tucker, who kept watch on the light from his home in the Hollywood hills, said that the light appeared to remain in the same position for about an hour, gradually diminishing in intensity until it disappeared.

Thurs., March 10, 1960 (The Citizen-News)

Sky Light Witnesses 
Sought by Committee
Persons who may have witnessed an unusual light in the sky on the night of Feb.6 are urged to contact the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena.
A representative of the committee, which is based in Washington, D.C., said the testimony of any witnesses can be reached by calling RE public 7-0388.