The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

Letter to the Honorable E. L. Bartlett, (Continued)

This following information was delivered as a result of the investigation conducted by the Nome office concerning a report or a flying object observed at Nome, Alaska on 2/28/60.

A 3:00 p.m. reported to a 3 March, 60 the Nome Territorial police had been notified that a round unidentified object had been observed by several people hovering over the city of Nome at an altitude of about 500-600 feet and for a period of about 20 minutes. The object was at times brightly lighted, then would go dark, and the color varied from white to red to orange.

Several reliable eyewitness statements were obtained as to the size, shape, color, and maneuver characteristics of the object. The statements indicated that the object appeared to be disc-shaped, metallic in appearance, about 40-50 feet in diameter, and at times hovering, then rapidly accelerating and disappearing.

This report has received full investigation and the facts gathered have been evaluated and analyzed. It is our belief that the available evidence does not justify the conclusion that an unidentified flying object was observed on that date in the Nome, Alaska area.

The report indicates that the object was observed by a number of persons, including a Nome Territorial policeman, and was described as hovering or nearly hovering at about 500-600 feet altitude and disappearing rapidly. However, since no photographic or other physical evidence is available, and since the descriptive evidence does not conclusively rule out certain conventional or natural phenomena, the conclusion has been reached that this report does not provide sufficient grounds to establish the presence of an unidentified flying object.

Respectfully yours,
Richard Lehner, Captain, USAF
Commanding, Detachment 5, 73rd Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron