There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

Transcribing the text:

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

OF SEYMOUR, TEXAS.

Sergeant, Control Tower Operator, Clinton-Sherman Air Force Base, Oklahoma. RELIABILITY: Unknown. Contacted by telephone. Sergeant stated that a bright light was observed falling NE to SW at 0423 A.M. local. Source observed the object for 20-25 seconds.

RELIABILITY: Unknown. Contacted by telephone. Age 56, unemployed, stated a round, white light, larger than the moon, fell WSW of Archer City. Source observed the object descend about 15,000' of elevation. The light appeared to slow down and then continue its fall. Object became smaller as it fell.

FALLS, TEXAS. MRS. APT C, WICHITA FALLS, TEXAS. RELIABILITY: Housewife. Observed from the kitchen window about 0830 A.M. local, a falling light, described as a large quantity of glowing matter in long streaks flowing through the sky from SW to NE at an indeterminate altitude. A smaller object appeared to break from the larger mass, taking the form of a ball with string-like streamers. The material continued while the individual streamers fell. Observer was attracted to the phenomenon because of the quantity of that matter floating in the air as on the apartment roof. She managed to catch a piece of the material about 3" x 2" before it disintegrated. The material had a rubber-like quality and upon contact with her hand, shrank to the size of a 25 cent piece. MRS. APT C stated the material appeared to be foil-like and a quantity of the material was observed on the apartment roof.

3. A search of the area 2 miles SW of Wichita Falls was conducted from 4:20 to 6:40 A.M. by Policeman (par 2c) with negative results. A balloontype object with trailing streamers, light colored, was observed by Policeman joining ground and extending progressively more SW of the city, with negative results. On 30 September, the balloontype object investigators searched the area in the vicinity of Wichita and Seymour, Texas to check out the statement of the truck driver (par 2a), without locating an object. Triangulation on the location of the fall at Wichita Falls and Vernon, Texas, the point of fall was found to be in the vicinity of Seymour, Texas.

4. Comments of Investigators:
There can be little doubt that an object was observed, based simply upon the large number of witnesses. Although individual reports appear to describe the same incident, there is a saturation that the time was 0423-0442 A.M. local, based upon fairly precise time checks by Clinton-Sherman AFB, and by a recording of the incident at Wichita Falls. Upon which the time of 0423-0442 of the Clinton-Sherman AFB report would further agree. While certain features appear fairly consistent through most witnesses' statements, there is quite a variation in more brilliant and unusual phenomenon seen, falling to the SW of Wichita Falls, with no noise. All reports received place the direction at SOUTHWEST, LOCATION, NEAR VERNON, TEXAS (par 2d) and the time of occurrence between 0423-0442 A.M. local, for no triangulation. Most witnesses believed the object had fallen to a spot approximately 30 miles to a side. The report from Iowa Park (par 2c) is especially valuable because of the witnesses' experience and because no one was alarmed or frightened by the phenomenon.

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Act, Title 18, U.S.C., sections 793 and 794. The transmission or revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.