There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text related to a project blue book report on UFO cases.

By luck I seem to have known a number of people who were directly concerned with UFO cases, though unfortunately (or perhaps I should say fortunately!) I have never had any personal experience with a UFO. There was the desing passenger in the famous Chiles-Whitted case in Alabama about 10 years ago, and there is the balloonist, Charles Moore, who recently took the observations that established the presence of water on Venus. Speaking of balloonists, I happen also to know personally the man who launched the first Sky Hook balloon, in the days when these things were supersecret, and which particular balloon happened to cause Captain Mantell's death when on that fateful day he blacked out in attempting to identify it. 

The Charles Moore case is of some interest in itself because of the high technical qualifications of the observer. He was preparing a site for the launching of a large test balloon at White Sands on April 24, 1949. He was checking on cross-winds in the valley between mountain ranges and had launched a small weather balloon, watching it in a theodolite, keeping it on the cross-hairs. He had a new chap on the team who wanted experience in tracking balloons; and so Moore turned the theodolite to him, cautioning him to keep it on and not lose it, because Moore didn't want to waste a balloon. Shortly after, Moore looked up to check the balloon by unaided eye and thought he saw it moving off to the east. He yelled at the chap that he had lost the balloon, but the chap said no, the balloon was still there. Moore looked again and saw it moving off to the east. He tried to estimate the speed by timing it between theodolite checks, and said it was going about 1000 miles an hour! Subsequently, having checked his theodolite and done calculations, he concluded that the thing he had seen could not have been the small balloon.