There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing a UFO sighting that occurred in Red Bluff, California on August 13-20, 1960.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

UFO SIGHTING RED BLUFF, CALIFORNIA 
13-20 AUGUST 1960

Radio KBLF interview of officers _____ and _____ of highway patrol, Red Bluff, office. 

Saturday night, approximately 11:50, almost midnight.

Where did you first spot the unidentified flying object? East of Corning (?) about 4 miles East of Corning to be exact.

You were on the Hoag (?) road where the people know the area around here, right? Now what you spotted, we have had a lot of talk and people have called it different things and everything else, 30-some-odd years back, what way possible, Mr. Scott, if you could more or less identify what it is I would like from you, someone who were this time.

At first we thought it was an airliner coming down and after looking closer at it and stepping out of the car, we realized that it was not a conventional type aircraft. It was surrounded by a bright halo, a glow of light, and it was moving from the west going to the east, across the center of it, and on each end there was a red light which would sweep the countryside as the object turned. At pointed out the red light in the direction.

How many people were in the car with you at the time?

It is hard to say, not knowing the size of the object, it is possible that we were as close as a mile and a half to two miles at the closest.

Something I asked this afternoon, I'll ask him again: But right now, do you say, like to see your first feeling when you first saw this object? At first, I didn't have any feeling until the object had performed a few maneuvers and then the idea formed a few minutes and then it appeared to be coming straight toward the patrol car. At that time, I did get scared and the hair on the back of my neck stood up. 

Well, I did feel some just curiosity or shock, like you say? Well, I did feel fear just one time when it first started toward us and after that, it was more curiosity. We were then trying to find out what it was.

Well, to your own idea now, Mr. Scott more or less explained what it looked like-once again it looked like it had either a row of lights or a row of windows on the side of the object, is this right? Yes, it appeared to be windows. The windows were only visible when the object would turn at a certain angle to us. It appeared to have to manipulate the machine in order to get this beam to sweep.