The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text document with a heading "What generated these reports?" and a discussion about the different factors that generate UFO reports, such as fireballs, illuminated cirrus clouds, balloons, artificial earth satellites, cartoons from the popular press, and people's tendency to misinterpret what they see. The text also discusses how some reports are generated due to people's superstitions, wishful thinking, and desire to believe in other life in the universe. The document seems to be part of a larger report or document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

What generated these reports? Here are a few things.
(At this point in the talk slides of fireballs, illuminated cirrus clouds, balloons, artificial earth satellites were shown along with a number of cartoons from the popular press.)
What generated the others? What others?
Let us now point out that the great majority of 'reports' are generated because people are simply not good observers, because they are easily mistaken in what they see, because they do not understand mirages, meteors, and strange meteorological phenomena. And also let us grant that some are generated because many people are downright superstitious, and what is more, because a great many people are wishful thinkers and, if the truth could be known, lonesome.
It might surprise us to realize how many people desperately went there to be other life in the universe and to be able to communicate with it. And hence these people will swallow any cock and bull story that by the remotest chance might be credible.
The universe of the astronomer today is a vast and frightening place. It was one thing when man had reason to believe that he was the king-pin in the universe and that he and the earth were the center of creation. But today, in his most uncertain world, fraught with ICBM's and the threat of annihilation, there are many of us who would like to think that we are not alone, that we can be -MORE-