The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page of text from an old UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

The major stated that the officers were not convinced that his information was all true.
6. For further support of the data collected during the investigation of this case, the Air Force 31st (Satellite Safety) at Redville, North Carolina was asked for the Air Force 31 (Satellite charts) for the Red Bluff, California area. The satellite charts indicate, according to Weather Order Stations, there were no order stations on a limited schedule, generally cloudy conditions and A/C operations during the period in question. These negations tend to substantiate the temperature gradient for Red Bluff are the Atlantic Charts from Oakland.
7. The conclusion of ATC is that the sightings which occurred in the Red Bluff area on due to a meteorological phenomenon. It is an impossible task to determine what the exact light source was for each specific sighting. The lights were light from the moon, passing aircraft, or possibly from the ground. It is obvious that the altitude of the sighting was just below the horizon and probably have into view the meteorological phenomena. The temperature gradient over the area in a north direction was a factor in the phenomenon.
10. The usual occurrence in nature is for the temperature of the atmosphere to decrease with altitude. This change in temperature with altitude is known as the "lapse rate." In some cases, however, this lapse rate can be inverted, resulting in an increase of temperature with altitude. This change in temperature gradient is called an inversion.
11. In passing from one medium to another, or of different densities or refractive indices, light is bent or refracted from its original straight line course, except when the medium changes gradually and uniformly. The resulting phenomena forms a mirage. The mirage appears to be a reflection or bent rays of different densities. This, in effect, means that a person can see when there are none or a person cannot see when there are.