There is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a transcript of a conversation or interview regarding UFOs and the possibility of life on other planets.

Here is the text from the document:

tell us if space ships were in our skies.
DAVIS: Colonel, you're very positive about your feeling that if
there's no evidence to substantiate these sightings, there is no such thing.
This two per cent figure -- isn't it entirely possible that life on other
planets has progressed beyond ours, and that perhaps they have invented a
space ship that is possible of coming to planet earth and of coming around
here and then going back? Isn't this in the realm of possibility?
COLONEL TACKER: It is absolutely possible. Sid, that life exists
on other planets, it's also possible that it could be of a higher order of
intelligence than our own, but the last point you make about them visiting
our atmosphere and seeming around and looking us over, I'd say again it's
not possible up to now, that is, we have no evidence to date. And let me
reiterate that that's the problem -- not if it could happen or in the future,
definitely we can see that it could, that there definitely is a possibility
of life out there. What we say that is up until now we have no evidence to
say we have been visited from other planets.
COLONEL: Well Colonel, share have been many clubs and organizations
established of people who really and honestly believe that there are these
space ships scooming around, as Sid says. I'm sure you're familiar with most
of them. Who are these people, who are the believers?
COLONEL TACKER: Well, Dr. Allen Heirriick, our civilian consultant
on this subject, and he happens to be the head of astrophysics at Northwestern
University and the head of the observatory there, he calls them "cosmic
romantics" and I think that's a good name. I think it's a fascinating subject myself; and as Dr. Heinick says, he'd like to see a space ship show up
and be able to announce it. And there again I feel that if this did happen
- 6 -