The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. There is no human face visible in the image.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

reach the earth; however, due to the eccentricities of the orbits, the distance between the moon and earth may vary up to 250,000 miles and at times we are close enough for the shadow to be cast upon the earth. The ratio between the diameter of the moon and its distance from the earth is very small, approximately 1/400. The ratio of the diameter of Rcho to its distance is approximately 1/500,000. The ratio of the diameter of Aeho to its distance is ast by 1/500,000. An angular mieasurement of 1.52 seconds of arc, the diameter of Aeho as seen from the earth, is far short of reaching the critical limit of 5 seconds of arc required for viewing with the naked eye.

Echo: The subtending an angle of 3.91 seconds is below the level of visibility to the human eye. Consequently, the angular image of the echo is not visible to seeing sunlight reflected from a mirror which, in itself, is too small to be seen at the same distance. This is why the Air Force puts a reflector on the satellite for signaling.

3. The information was correct concerning his thoughts about the relationship of the echo to the earth's surface as given when an observer can see any of the surface from which light is reflected, as in the case of the moon, then there exists an angle between the observer, the object, and the light source such that any prime shadow cast by the object can be observed. The Air Force have, on other occasions, seen objects reported to the Air Force which have, on other occasions, been confirmed to be real, but a prime cause of these sightings is misidentification of high flying aircraft. The sightings, in the past, have resulted in misidentification when the metallized surface of the satellite becomes visible as to dazzling or reflecting sunlight.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

/S/ F. T. EVANS 
F. T. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

2 Atchs:
1. Cy DP FM 95-6, 7 Sep
2. Cy Ltr 2 Sep 60, it.