There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

The text of the document is as follows:

MEMORANDUM FOR: The Scientific Advisor
SUBJECT: Report on Preview of Motion Picture "Unidentified Flying Objects"

1. Through the personal assistance of Col. Cross, Chief, Office of Flying Safety, Department of the Air Force, I was invited to attend a preview showing of a film entitled "Unidentified Flying Objects" on 18 May 1956, in Bldg. 157, Area B, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.

2. The following represents the essential comments and opinions with regard to the film previewed:

a. The film, through its documentary approach, to be factual and documentary, appears to over-dramatize each case sighting, and by padding, makes a brief documentary into a full-length feature.

b. The film makes liberal use of studio-type model shots, showing, to maintain the impression that an unknown menace or super-intelligent being, alien to this world, is the motivating force behind these sightings.

c. The case sightings and the individuals portrayed (the viewing audience) was very unsatisfactory, for it failed to portray representatives of all branches of the armed services and civilian occupations. Instead, these were the stereotyped producer's and not those of the Air Force.

d. In a few instances, the portrayal of a case, the film dramatically, and with great suspense, presents the incidents and conclusions dramatically, and with great suspense, presents the incidents and conclusions with reference to each case portrayed by the film, as supported by official sources.

e. Great Falls (Cartridge Case): We do not agree with the film's unsupported conclusions on this sighting, for we are unconvinced that the meteorologist's report, as contained in the Air Force files, is an accurate and complete representation of America's largest aircraft companies, indicated, in conclusion, that the image on the film was not an aircraft.

The individual, while sighting an object that was approximately 100 feet in length, when observed from 10 to 15 miles looked exactly like the individual's own aircraft parked on the field, even to the detail of the landing gear. It is quite logical that an aircraft may often be observed in the air at some distance, yet no sound may be heard.

NOTE: Puppets, Chop and Fournet were portrayed by actors, but were mentioned in the credits as "Technical Advisors" to the producer. Garland Britten, Dewey Fourney and Mr. Marianna played themselves. The reel was dubbed in. W/O Newhouse, USN and Mr. Marianna played themselves.