There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image shows only text without any visible photograph or image.

Four miles away and the first impression was that it was a large helicopter. When the object was sighted, they thought the object to be, they sighted it approximately one-half the size and approximately the same color as the object. The Object appeared to be stationary. It dropped from sight for a few seconds and then reappeared, moving across the road in front of the family. It dropped from sight for a few more seconds and then reappeared. It seemed to be hovering over the area for several minutes. When it arose from the canyon and passed over the road it appeared to have a slight red light around it. The light gave an illusion of a slight spinning motion. The second light appeared as a narrow whitish band. The object was estimated to be 25-30 miles per hour.

On 17 August 1960 at approximately 2100 hours local, near Stockton, California, a National Guard C-97 cargo aircraft was flying at approximately 21,000 feet and the pilot spotted a bright light at about the look-out at Inyokpn Mountain. The object was described as a full red light about the size of a bowling ball and seemed to drop a little bit, then it seemed to go back up a little bit. The object was stationary. At approximately 2130 hours another object was sighted which was similar to the first one. This object was sighted moving from right to left at a constant elevation.

This case was brought to the attention of ATC on 16 August 1960 by a telephone call from Lt./Col, N/C (Catch#2) to Oakland Air Force Control requesting a full and detailed investigation in accordance with the provisions of AFR 200-2.

On 15 August 1960, ATC made telephone contact with the 925th Radar Squadron (SAGE) Red Bluff AFS, California. The 925th is tied in with the Portland Air Defense Sector. Major Air Force official informed Lt/Col N/C that case information had been forwarded to the proper authorities investigating the sighting.

On 17 September 1960 and again on 24 October 1960, Contact was again established with the 925th on the status of this case. No further information was received other than that the reported object was on the scope of his unit on the night of the sighting. The Radar Unit at Beale Air Force Base was unable to detect any object on the scope as described by the witness.

This concludes the information in this document.