There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

INVESTIGATION

3. This investigation is predicated on a telephonic request of 25 Jul 1960, from Major Thornton, USAF, CO, Pensacola NAS, Florida, to Hq, ATIC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio, requesting the aid of Specialist Patterson. Major Thornton reported that an Unidentified Airborne Object had been sighted in the vicinity of Pensacola Bay, Florida, at approximately 2100 hours, 21 July 1960. Information was relayed to Specialist Patterson, who conducted an immediate field investigation. The facts, as determined during this investigation, are set forth as follows:

DETAILS

1. GENERAL DETAILS OF NAG-PENSACOLA, FLA, SIGHTING:
All 1, 1960, at approximately 2100 hours, CAPT T. F., LISAFO, on duty in the Control Tower at the Pensacola Naval Air Station, Florida, and his crew, observed and reported a large oblong object hovering at a high altitude over Pensacola Bay. The object remained stationary for several minutes and then was observed to take off at a high rate of speed and disappear from view.

CAPT F. provided the following additional details; The object appeared to be approximately 40 feet in diameter, oval or elliptical in shape, and of a dull metallic or aluminum color. It was estimated to be hovering at an altitude of approximately 5,000 feet. The object gave off no light or visible exhaust, and made no detectable sound. CAPT F. estimated the object's speed at the time of take off to be in excess of 1,000 mph. The entire sighting lasted for approximately 5 minutes.

2. CORROBORATING EVIDENCE AND ADDITIONAL DETAILS:
In addition to the visual sighting by CAPT F. and his crew, radar personnel on duty at the Air Traffic Control Center at Pensacola NAS reported a target approximately 5 miles off shore, moving erratically and at a high rate of speed. These radar operator reported that the target appeared, hovered momentarily, and then disappeared from their scopes at a speed estimated as possibly seven or more times the speed of sound.

The radar data was further substantiated by Lt. G. USMC, who was conducting an instrument training flight in the area at the time of the incident. Lt. G. reported visually observing the unidentified object in the vicinity of Pensacola Bay, corroborating the details of the sighting as reported by CAPT F.

All persons involved in this incident are experienced, reliable aircraft observers, and their accounts are considered credible and worthy of serious investigation.