The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

That I could easily have read fine print by it. My first thought was that some aircraft had blown up. I had been looking at the moon in the west, but the flash of light gave the impression of the explosion and flare and attracted me to see parts of a plane falling, but instead, there was a brilliant red light that came on in the sky. A few minutes later it disappeared and I looked at the color tone of the leading object as it crossed the sky, that colored object which appeared to be turning or revolving. After the light ascended, it was directly between two stars. Mr. Rickards said that he went in the house to get his wife, who had retired earlier, and by the time he got back outside, the light was gone.

Across the street at 1647 Curson Avenue, Tom Burns and two friends were watching television. Burns said, "It must have been near 11:30 because the commercial had just come on. All of a sudden we heard the explosion and I raced out to see what happened." What I saw looked just like a star, but it seemed to hang there for a while. It turned red and then went out. About that time we saw the object start up and it turned into this brilliant light, a big red light-about twenty-five times as big as a star. As it went up it seemed smaller, and I had the feeling that it was going to fall. We went back outside and it seemed smaller than when I first saw it. The first time I looked at it, it stayed in one place for a long while, then it went straight up into the sky at terrific speed and then it seemed to diminish after reaching a certain altitude. Witnesses' anonymity. Their statements confirmed Mr. Burns' account of the sighting.

At 1554 North Sierra Bonita Avenue, Mr. E. W. Cass, builder and contractor, was watching television with his wife, and looked out the window and saw a light that was blinding, he declared, 'and suddenly a bright flash lit up the whole bedroom. I was astonished. I went outside and there in the sky was a big red light-about twenty-five times as big as a star." I called to my wife to see it, and she witnessed it for a while and it didn't seem to move at all. Finally, I decided to call the police, but the line was busy. The stars were very clear, and we noticed that this big red light was right between two stars. As we were watching, it went straight up into the sky very fast, and we didn't see it any more.  Both Mr. and Mrs. Cass commented on what a beautiful shade of red that it was. They both gave the same estimate that it was about twenty-five times as big as a star.

Some lost. parking lot attendant at the La Brea Inn, 1543 North La Brea Avenue, reported seeing a bright light in the sky about five minutes after midnight. He said it looked like "a big hot ember" about as big as the full moon. He thought it looked as though "pieces were falling from it." It finally moved away slowly, and out of sight. A view of the red object as it flared northwest from the La Brea Inn could have obstructed Mr. Cass's view of the red object as it flared northwest.