There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. The image shows a page from an old document that appears to be an official report, likely from Project Blue Book, regarding an unidentified object sighting near Ottawa, Canada.

The text output from the document is as follows:

Dear Sirs:

On Monday May 9, at approx. 2:15 A.M. while driving along the Ottawa River (East Sound) I observed the following:

A light in the sky (which I first thought to be an aircraft landing light) was approaching from the east towards Rockcliffe Airport. My attention was drawn to this as the light seemed to suddenly grow a short distance and then stopped. This maneuver was repeated a few times and then the light stopped and myself along with a member of the air force who was a passenger in my car got out and observed this object. When this object came closer it passed behind a cloud and when it did the light made a sound like a humming sound and there was no sound from the object.

The object was higher than a star and the most remarkable thing about it was that the object was very bright, brighter than a star and the color was white. The following morning I called the control tower at Rockcliffe Airport and asked if there were any aircraft in the sky at that time, but was told that there were none.

I have considerable experience in this field, having been in the vicinity of RCAF Stations and I know what I saw was not an aircraft. I spoke to one of our officers and he advised me to contact the National Defense Dept.

R.C.A.F. Rockcliffe (Dept of Construction and Maintenance) and I am quite familiar with aircraft and this, whatever it was, was not an aircraft.

Perhaps additional considerable reports about strange objects in the sky. I have always been rather skeptical about such reports. If any explanation can be given I should be glad to hear from you at your convenience.

May I thank you in advance for any information you can give me in regards to this object.

Yours very truly,
[Redacted]
Ottawa, Ontario