There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing text describing the analysis of a UFO sighting in Hollywood.

ANALYSIS OF HOLLYWOOD SIGHTING.

Scientific evidence, together with the testimony of many independent witnesses, form the basis for the following conclusions:

Characteristics of the red light, as described by witnesses, rule out any known form of natural phenomena (such as ball lightning, St. Elmo's fire, temperature inversion, after-image, etc.).

Aircraft, including helicopters, are obviously not the answer. The red object moved and maneuvered in a manner that could not be duplicated by any known aerial vehicle. It has been shown that the red light was less than one thousand feet, for ten minutes at one location, and approximately one thousand feet for about six minutes at another location. Every witness, without exception declared that the red light was completely silent. (Loud noise when illuminated and sound of motion excepted.)

The question of a balloon being involved in the sighting, February 6, over Hollywood, was settled with finality by the U. S. Weather Bureau (included with this report). No balloons were against or into the wind. This wind, and light only allowed against the wind, but remained stationary more than twenty knots at its last stop, at an elevation of some twenty-eight thousand feet. Just before something upwards of high speed and high altitude.

Calculations of the dull aluminum colored tubular shaped object, seen by Mr.---- (also reported by Miss----) showed the object to be approximately 8 (eight) feet long. When the distance of the object determined to be less than one-half mile, this makes the tubular object twenty feet by seventy feet. It is a startling disclosure. As the "illuminated red light" assembled and mushroom clouds, it no less startling. It is presumed the red light was attached to something of a solid nature.

By the process of elimination, and the careful study of testimony of many witnesses, the enigmatic red light appears to fall into the classification called "unknown".