The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report about an unidentified flying object (UFO) incident that occurred on June 30, 1960 in Hanscom Field, Bedford, Massachusetts.

The text in the document is as follows:

Lt. G. Hanscorn Field, Bedford, Massachusetts 
IDB-OSI INV 2B-0
Unidentified Flying Objects
Commander, 32473d Air Base Wing, Hanscom Field, Bedford, Mass.
R. E. Dunlap, 232/Intelligence, Air Force, Commander and Cpt. George J. Hunt, 232/Intelligence, Air Force, Conducted an investigation of a report of an unidentified flying object which was received at this headquarters on 30 June 1960. It is mentioned that at 1325 hours, 30 June 1960, the witness, who is self-employed in the Hanscom Field area, reported that he had sighted what he believed was an unidentified flying object, or a strange celestial phenomenon.
It is stated that at approximately 1525 hours, 29 June 1960, the witness stated that he observed a bright object in the sky over Hanscom Field, Bedford, Mass. It was at the time he did not consider it unusual, but observed it as a strange celestial phenomenon. It is stated that the object was not disappoint when it did a 90 degree approximately ninety-second turn, and then accelerated at a very high rate of speed and disappeared. It is stated that the witness was unable to observe the object expecting to detect sunlight reflection from its surface, however after an initial observation period, the witness was surprised to find that the object just disappeared and was unable to determine its altitude or size or rate of speed. It is estimated that this particular object may have been traveling at a speed between 600-800 mph. It is mentioned that the witness was unable with the aid of any additional data to correlate the object with any astronomical or meteorological information. It is added that the sighting occurred directly over the Hanscom Field installation, and the weather was generally clear.