This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photograph. The text of the document is as follows:

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

AFOIN-4x/vb3 Friem/69216

ATIC Capability for Investigating Sightings of Unidentified Aerial Phenomena

AFOIN-4X6 THRU: AFOIN-4X

1. On 15 July 1960, a briefing was held at the Department of Defense for members of the House Armed Forces Committee, House Science and Astronautics Committee and U.S. Air Force Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Program, and resulted from a recent interest in the activities of the briefing, which was the subject of the hearing before the House Armed Services and Science and Astronautics Committees. The Air Force disclosed that the Air Force investigations of UFO sightings left something to be desired.

2. Mr Robert Smart of the Armed Forces Committee stated that the Air Force should have been more informative in supplying details, particularly the area of investigation. This was corrected at the briefing when the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center should investigate those cases which give indication of intelligence or scientific, and also those which have an unusual amount of public interest.

3. It is estimated that 12,000 cases each year would require investigation by ATIC. It is further estimated that the cost of investigating these sightings will average $200,000 per year. It is hoped that utilization of space available military aircraft will reduce the cost of investigating, and allow an extended capability.

4. Investigations of significant cases of sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena, from the standpoint of qualified personnel, is within the capability of AFOIN-4X.

5. It is requested that $300,000 be available to AFOIN-4X for the purpose of investigating significant cases of unidentified aerial phenomena.

6. At the briefing it was decided that ATIC would be provided with an intelligence capability directly from the Secretary of the Air Force. Appropriate accounting symbols to be requested by telephone.

RICHARD H. SHOOP
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-4X2

CC to: AFOIN-4X7