There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically a report dated June 30, 1960 regarding a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

2. Additional Comments: Immediately upon receipt of this assignment (1100 5 July) I contacted Mr. Donohue at the following address (6990 6 July), and made an appointment to see him the following morning. During the interview Mr. Donohue related details of the letter, Subject: U.F.O. Dated 30 June 1960, with only two minor deviations. One was the shape of the object as explained in paragraph 1 above. The other was the color of the two jet aircraft that flew over after the object vanished. I recorded this piece of data because it had bearing on the F-101 and/or F-102 aircraft that were airborne in the vicinity at the time. Mr. Donohue identified the aircraft that flew over as being either F-102's or F-106's. He stated that each entire aircraft was not red and blue in color, but rather one painted, one not red and blue, in color. This seems confusing, but there it is. According to the Mancom report, which appears to be based (also delta winged aircraft) with negative results. During a phone conversation with reports from McGuire AFB in New Jersey, other similar sittings were related, also checked with Boston Air Route Traffic Control Center to determine if they had any of the above type aircraft under their control at the time and was informed by M that they had no information on file to indicate the above type aircraft were under their control. Information was negative.

3. Conclusion: Mr. Donohue is a mature male, 38 years old, with an impressive knowledge, for a layman, of today's fighter and bomber operational abilities and apparent lack of knowledge during World War II. He spoke in very accurate terms and recalled the details of the observance. I saw something—an aircraft, balloon or optical illusion. For lack of any concrete evidence to support his claim, I must classify this observation as an "Unidentified Flying Object". I feel certain that the siting by Mr. Donohue was confidential and had no bearing on the area cited.