The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Tucson, Arizona
February 29, 1960

Dear Sir,

On Wednesday evening, February 24, my wife and I were returning from a drive which we had taken to the eastern section of Tucson. We were driving along Fourth Street, Broadway Avenue, apparently 3 or 4 miles east of the center of town. The sun had just set behind the mountains.

My wife called my attention to a white streak in the sky. It was traveling east and slanted by our windshield. I took it for a jet contrail, but it did not lengthen or spread. I pulled to the side of the road and we both got out to look closely. It was about the size of a half dollar held at arm's length.

It seemed to be over the southern part of the city, over the mountains to the south, but continued to move slightly, not-indicating, the same color as a contrail. After a while it started to disappear, changing direction slightly and climbing at varying angles. At one point the rays seemed to spread.

(Later, in discussing this with my wife, we both draw illustrations of what our impression had been without letting the other see what we were sketching. Our impressions did not differ.

At about 6:25 two diagonal streaks of light left the upper and lower parts of this same object, the original. They circled about, drawing near the original, then departed again. They left behind no trail or smoke. It was possibly jet planes stunting and we wondered if the "contrails" preceded. The original object continued to be visible. Only that remained visible.

The object continued to glide over a limited portion of the sky, changing direction quickly, and angling back and forth. Then it started to diminish, growing smaller and smaller until the rays no longer showed. The rear part of it went first.

Next morning I called Davis-Monthan Air Base and the local newspaper and told them that anyone else had reported anything. There were other planes in the sky at the time but all heading away from it. When we had first stopped a I motioned plane was well away from it to the north.