There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed text document from the Project Blue Book UFO report.

The text in the document is as follows:

August 13, 1960

Area Commander - 130

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

Officer and I were on Hoog Road, east of Corning looking for a speeding motorcycle when we saw what at first appeared to be two small airliners dropping from the sky. The objects appeared to be slowing and seemed to be in trouble. We observed them for about 2 minutes and leaped from the patrol vehicle in order to get a better position to watch. As we got out of the car the first thing we noticed was a mist clearing in the objects beginning to he an aircraft crash. Suddenly the objects shot straight up out of sight. We continued to watch until the objects were probably within 1,000 ft. of the ground and suddenly zoomed straight up and apparently left the vicinity.

There the objects stopped, at this time it was clearly visible to both of us and was undoubtedly not an aircraft of any known design. Families nearby were attracted by the slow hinking the ground or on the sides, or such side of the objects emitting orange or reddish lights. The objects lit up in this manner. We estimated the objects to be approximately 20 to 25 feet in diameter with a light colored or metallic finish, and the color varied during the observation. There the object descended rapidly and as it approached the ground the lights went out. We did not see the object again.

At this time we radioed Tehama County Sheriff's office requesting that they contact local radar bases. They advised us later that the nearest base at Beale AFB could find no radar contact during the time we were observing the objects.

Officer and myself, after our verification continued to watch the objects. On two occasions the object came directly towards the automobile, as it approached the object turned, swept the area with a huge red light. Officer observed the object though the red light and can verify the appearance of the object. We observed the object use the red beam approximately 6 or 7 times, sweeping the sky in various directions and we followed. We proceeded to the base where we were able to locate the object. As it moved away from us to the south, it moved near the first object and both stopped. The lights went out and that was the last time we observed them.