There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
See enclosed sketch

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Dime
c. Nickel - 1/2
d. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Descended and seemed to fade or diminish toward the horizon

24. In order that we may get a more complete picture of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would you give it? We are particularly interested in matters of construction, such as might be revealed by a close inspection if the object were to hover near you, or by a reflection which revealed some component or feature detail not easily seen at a distance.
Possible construction of a man-made reflector or mirror for gathering solar energy. Since it is fairly known that an identity as a power source for either satellite, sounding rockets or military hardware, this would account for its strange motionless hovering, then descending towards the horizon. Possibly laminated; sealed in much the same manner as air-bombs which was constructed removing some component so that balance could be regained or near-shaped traveling on some known metallic band either boosted by solar station already in space (mother ship) or booster through full knowledge of scientific band from sun.