The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book archives, likely a typed report or investigation summary.

S.C.A.R.r.3 3
23 October 1950

The following is a statement of the information received and 
the results of the investigation made by this office:

On the night of 23 October 1950, an officer stationed at Loring Air Force Base, Maine, telephoned this office with the report of a strange light in the sky. The officer stated that he and some other personnel had observed the light for several minutes, and that it appeared to be a rather large object, which was giving off a bright bluish-white light, and the light was pulsating. The object was observed to be stationary in the sky for several minutes, and then it suddenly disappeared. The officer stated that the object did not appear to be an aircraft of any kind, and that the light was not that of any known type of aircraft running light. The officer further stated that there were no clouds in the sky at the time, and that the object was clearly visible against the star-studded sky.

Upon receiving this information, this office immediately dispatched an investigator to the scene to interview the officer and other witnesses, and to make a thorough investigation of the incident. The investigator interviewed the officer and several other witnesses, all of whom gave substantially the same account of what they had observed. The witnesses stated that the object was visible for approximately 5 to 7 minutes, and that it suddenly disappeared without a trace. The witnesses were unable to estimate the size or distance of the object, but they were all convinced that it was not an aircraft of any kind.

The investigator made a careful search of the area, but was unable to find any physical evidence or trace of the object. He also checked with the local airport and the Air Force base, but they had no knowledge of any aircraft or unusual activity in the area at the time.

In view of the fact that the object was observed by several reliable witnesses, and that it did not appear to be any known type of aircraft, this office is of the opinion that the incident may have involved an unidentified flying object. However, due to the lack of physical evidence or trace, it is impossible to make a definitive determination as to the nature of the object.

This incident is being reported to higher headquarters for further investigation and evaluation.