There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Aerial Phenomena Research Organization
TUCSON, ARIZONA
17 October 1960

Lawrence J. Tacker, Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

I am writing again in regard to the UFO residuals which have been discussed in previous correspondence (see my letter dated 9 March 1960 which you answered 11 March 1960).

We have delayed sending this material to A. T. L. O. for several reasons. We feel for one thing that Air Force analysts should have an opportunity to study the complete history of the material before attempting tests on their own.

A complete report of this type has been prepared for some time but we have encountered problems in getting it published. These problems appear at present to have been resolved and copies will be forwarded to your office and to A.T.L.O. as soon as possible.

For reasons not entirely clear, you have chosen to withhold comment on our suggestion that the proposed tests be performed by an independent testing agency under the cognizance of USAF and APRO representatives.

I urge the sincere consideration of this procedure for this reason: The accumulation of evidence for the existence of these phenomena is such that certain grave inconsistencies between fact and Air Force public information releases have resulted. In a sense, our public confidence has been sadly shaken as frankly speaking, is shared by the military services. If we can arrange to have the results of any such tests on the materials concerned demonstrated, the good faith of all parties concerned.

I would also like to inquire whether or not the Air Force has reached any official conclusions concerning the following listed cases and, if so, what those conclusions are:

(1) The case at Red Bluff, California, August 13, 1960, involving Sgts. Scott and Cazen and Miller Clarence Fry (simultaneous viewing from two locations provided range and altitude data).

(2) The incident near Holloman (in Colorado Left Hand Canyon) on 11 August 1960 involving Ray Hawks. He stated "saucer" "repaired" itself in mid-flight, gained evidence of his director being shut off and described emotional reactions symptomatic of gamma radiation.

(3) The case at Locke, Wyoming involving five employees of the San Francisco Chemical Company who described a UFO hovering as if to land on a slag dump on July 3, 1960.

Sincerely Yours,
Coral E. Lorenzen
Investigator