The image appears to contain a typewritten document, but there is no photograph present.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
2-12 DECEMBER 1960
ATLANTIC CITY, NEW JERSEY

On December 2-12, the Atlantic City Press reported that several UFOs were sighted in southern New Jersey. In one case listed by the Press, a strange flying object which descended to about 500 feet was reported by a duck hunter. When he raised his shotgun, the hunter said the UFO rapidly and disappeared.

NEW JERSEY HUNTER ALMOST SHOOTS SAUCER: Last December 3rd, a duck hunter near Atlantic City, New Jersey disclosed his story of a recent encounter with a big disc. As he prepared to shoot off a firecracker to attract ducks with a shotgun while on a hunting trip with his grandson at a lake, they saw an object flying at them, over the waters at about 200 feet above the ground.

"We got so excited, that's certain right," cried the boy, as the disc-shaped object swooped down and hovered right over us, clipping into his shotgun and flipped out. Don't worry if I'm come at us, I'll shoot it." As it wheeled, it rose vertically up in the air and disappeared. It came out of the east, then turned southwest. The disc traveled silently and moved with a jerky motion "like a humming bird" in the air. The object was about the size of a saucer and was a dull gray that lit up the group and changed to purple as it rose vertically. It came out of the east, then turned southwest. The disc traveled silently and moved with a jerky motion "like a humming bird" in the air. The object was about the size of a saucer and was a dull gray that lit up the group and changed to purple as it rose vertically. It came out of the east, then turned southwest. The disc traveled silently and moved with a jerky motion "like a humming bird" in the air. The object was about the size of a saucer and was a dull gray that lit up the group and changed to purple as it rose vertically. It would have been a hard time telling these people that it wasn't there in the first place.