The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

APRIL 25-27.166 
UPO SIGHTING (Mr. [REDACTED])
CAR JR-22 (Solace records)
STATEMENT MADE TO MAJ. [REDACTED] OF ATIC

This is a preliminary report concerning Mr. [REDACTED]'s sighting of an unidentified flying object, and I will try to give you the highlights of the information as obtained from him in an interview conducted telephonically from this office.

Mr. [REDACTED] states that on April 25,1966, he was driving his car along Highway No. 3, approximately 30 miles east of Windsor, Ontario, Canada, when he sighted an unidentified flying object. The object was first sited by Mr. [REDACTED] at about 11:20 PM as an extremely bright light moving in the sky. At first he thought it might be an aircraft or a satellite, but as he continued to observe the object, he noticed that it was not following the normal flight pattern of an aircraft, and that it was much too bright and large to be a satellite. The object was observed to be moving in a horizontal path across the sky, occasionally varying its speed, and at times appearing to hover.

Mr. [REDACTED] states that as he continued to watch the object, he noticed that it appeared to give off flashes of light, like bursts of flame, at irregular intervals. He also stated that it seemed to change colors, from white, to orange, to red. The object was observed for a period of approximately 30-40 minutes before it disappeared from sight.

Mr. [REDACTED] advised that at no time did the object appear to come in close proximity to his automobile, nor did it appear to make any maneuvers that could be interpreted as hostile in nature. He further advised that during the period of observation, he did not hear any sound emanating from the object.

The information reported by Mr. [REDACTED] appears to be consistent with other sighting reports received in this office concerning unidentified flying objects. Based on the description of the object and its observed maneuvers, it is the opinion of this office that the object sighted by Mr. [REDACTED] was in fact an unidentified flying object, the nature and origin of which could not be determined from the information available.