The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report describing a UFO sighting.

"AFFADAVIT"

To Whom It May Concern:

The following is an account of my personal observations of an unknown object, which was first sighted by me on June 17, 1956, at approximately 8:00 p.m. in the vicinity of North Miami, Florida.

After watching it for about ten (10) to 15 minutes, my mother called it to my attention, and I continued to observe the object from Cape Canaveral, Florida.

The object continued observation; it's shape resembled a cigar or missile, and its color appeared to be reddish in appearance and continuing visibility for over an hour. (2) Its altitude was approximately 2000 feet and possibly higher at certain intervals (20) seconds, for over a period of one half hour to one hour.

It was that in spite of its repeated efforts to do so, it seemed to lack sufficient speed or manueverability to enable it to vanish from sight as on previous occasions. I gained the impression that the object was utilizing a 'hovering' type of control.

My observations led me to the conclusion, that the brilliant light which was a part of the object, which was not visible at such a distance, was the exhaust flame of what appeared to be a missile or jet plane in flight. This was observed immediately prior to the actual disappearance of the object in the vicinity which Captain Porosky, (the Air Force Officer who investigated the incident) also verified.

The object began the man-hover's each time, by moving in a southeasterly direction which was estimated to be 10 to 15 degrees or possibly more, and then returning to the original point of reference. Its ability to hold its position and manuever in this manner, I considered to be an amazing display of controlled flight. I believe this to be unparalleled as to the accuracy and speed of its movements.

I was impressed by the metallic silver cast, glimmering appearance of the object, as seen through field glasses, and the complete silence of its movements. The movements also seemed to be without any visible means of propulsion, as the object appeared to defy the laws of physics and gravity in its performance.

It is my earnest wish that my observations, which I have respectfully but accurately reported, will be of some small value to those who strive to advance such chararcteristics of scientific achievement.

North Miami, Florida
June 17, 1956