The image appears to contain a report from the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center of the United States Air Force regarding a UFO sighting. The report mentions a film provided by a photographer from Champaign, Illinois, which showed a silhouette of a statue in the city's West Side Park. The film was analyzed by ATIC, who concluded that the object on the film was a genuine photographic image, but that its extremely high velocity and brightness precluded any analysis of its object configuration. The report also states that the sighting has not been given any publicity, and the film is being retained at ATIC as part of the case file.

OCR Output:
AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO
REPLY TO
ATTN OPS: AFCIN-H322
SUBJECT: UFO Film (C- [redacted])
TO: SAFOI-3d (I/Col Tucker)
1. Mr. [redacted], a photographer for Champaign, Illinois, forwarded a film strip to the U.S. Air Force which showed a UFO on several frames.
2. This film strip is a routine silhouette of a statue in the city- owned West Side Park in Champaign, Illinois. The filming took place at 20552 on 7 June 1960.
3. The film was analyzed by ATIC and the following concluded:
a. The object on the film is a genuine photographic image.
b. This object shows a light source of considerable intensity, due to its being entirely visible within eight degrees of the sun.
c. The object was traveling at a very high velocity as evidenced by the fact that it moved through the camera's field of view in 12 seconds.
d. Change in motion during exposure precludes any analysis of object configuration; however, its extremely high velocity and brightness indicate that the object was probably a meteor or the "fireball" class.
5. Mr. [redacted] has not given any publicity to this sighting, but he did request notification of the result of the Air Force analysis.
6. The home and business addresses of the individuals are as follows:
Home [redacted], Illinois
Business [redacted], Illinois 
7. The film strip is being retained at ATIC as a part of the case file for this sighting, and will not be returned unless Mr. [redacted] makes this specific request.
FOR THE COMMANDER:
NICHOLAS POST
Acting Deputy
Science and Components