The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter dated February 15, 1960, addressed to "Army Field Command" from someone in San Jose, California. The letter describes an incident that occurred on February 15, 1960 at 4 o'clock in the East Foothills of San Jose, where the writer observed what they describe as a "jet-like object" hovering over the hills. The writer asks the recipient to "look into these facts" regarding this incident.

Feb 15, 1950

Army Field Command:

Dear Sir:

I'm writing this letter in hopes that someone with an agency of intelligence will take to what I have to say - They saw 1k2, 1950 at 4 o'clock in the East Foot hills of San Jose, two of your jets passed over head, and also the months that have passed over head something lying up there breaks out with great force and follows the jets.

I know the sound of a jet, but this is a different kind of sound. It is as though it is less in wait between the start and high of the notes. Its motor stops and then goes again as though it can stay in one place and that is in hard to decide to describe it.

It followed the two jets quite at 4 o'clock feb 15, 1950.

Enclosed is an article in the paper about an sonic boom. I was in the yard and looking over head I could hear this strange noise. to I thought that may be body was braking out with some strange waste so my body felt like it was coming out of my skin. I went to the hospital about 4 AM - the doctors couldn't described it as like all doctors they called to give me a sedative.

In 1955 at 3 A.M in the morning hanging over in the Foot hills we could see this object bright hovering back & forth in the hills, swinging like pendulums on an clock. I called my husband; then he called our neighbors son to see it.

I asked your military to come see it, but they have the same thing to say to us it could be a jet.

Tonite, I have heard over the news about a jet going down in Mt View which is not far from San Jose where we live. It want into a house on Feb 15, 1950.

Lick Observatory is right in the area above us where this strange object seem to be most of the time.

I ask you to look into these facts.

San Jose, Calif.