The image does not contain any photographs. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, and the text has been provided for optical character recognition (OCR) processing.

The text from the document is as follows:

7.- The object of concern to us in this case appears to be very nearly in the center of the photo which was submitted for our study. It could not be better situated for photographic purposes. (It would, however, have been a particle in the air.) The other possibilities could have been reduced by lining up the object more carefully in the center of the frame. This would have given us a better chance to judge the actual size of the object from the size of the image on the film.

8.- It indicates that diffraction is very much in evidence around the edges of the object. This suggests that considerable distortion is present.

9.- The witness indicates that the object is distorted in the same directions as the photographic grid, and shows the object to be larger in one direction than the other. This points out the possibility of the object's being a common phenomena at sunrise, and is due primarily to refraction. Other irregularities in the object's shape might also be due to the unsettled condition of the atmosphere at the time the photo was taken. It would appear that if this were a real object it would have shown less distortion.

11.- It concludes that the object is translucent, and the spot on the image seems to show an irregular edge, which might be probable due to irregularity in the object.

12.- The two photographs were taken at Arcata, California. This information was given to us by the Observer on a BLUE card received by this Command at 1015 (local) - and 1030 (GMT) on 7 April 1960. It is possible that the witness' estimate of time of sunset is 10 minutes to the time of sunrise. No other information about time or date are given in this record.

13.- The photographs are being rescanned at ATIC as a part of this case file.

14.- Mr. [redacted] address is: [redacted]
Arcata, California

FOR THE COMMANDER:
[redacted]
NICHOLAS PETIT
Major, USAF
Science and Components