The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

23 September 1960

Dear _____,

This is to acknowledge your letter of 2 September 1960 concerning the satellite and the unidentified flying object you saw on 15 August 1960.

We reported have reached the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center for 15 August 1960 which parallel the circumstances as spelled out by you.

Yes, there did cast a shadow on the night of 13 August 1960; however, our analysis indicates this shadow was that of the moon itself, not that of a satellite or unidentified flying object. Therefore, this correspondence:

Due to the related data submitted with your writing, it is impossible to reach a positive conclusion. Therefore, I am including an Air Force questionnaire for your completion, as it will help the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for their analysis and evaluation.

The object in our skies with which we are familiar is the moon. This fact is supported by the evidence that the average distance between the earth and the moon is 239,000 miles on 15 August 1960. The angular size of the moon is about 0.5 degrees, and therefore the diameter of the moon's shadow upon the earth is approximately 7 miles. This size of the moon's shadow is in full accord with the observations you have described. There are no evidence of it during phases other than full moon because portions of the moon's disk are illuminated but some obscured. The fact that more of the moon's disk was illuminated at the time of your observation is significant, as it precluded the moon's shadow from being dense enough to the plane of the ecliptic to be at least part of the shadow you observed. Calculations show the distance between the earth and the moon on 15 August 1960 was 239,000 miles. The average distance between the earth and the satellite is approximately 22,300 miles. Considering the size of the moon's shadow as compared to the size of a satellite's shadow, it is obvious that the object you observed was the shadow of the moon and not that of a satellite. The ratio between the diameter of the moon's shadow and that of a satellite's shadow is in the order of 35 to 1. The distance between the moon and the earth is 239,000 miles. The distance between a satellite and the earth is in the order of 22,300 miles. A representation of 3.01 seconds arc which has a physical size of approximately 3.5 miles on the earth's surface. This is larger than the size of meteorological satellites.