There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be an old document from the United States Air Force's Project Blue Book, a program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is a memorandum for the Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, regarding "Unidentified Flying Objects".

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MEMORANDUM FOR ASSISTANT CHIEF OF STAFF, INTELLIGENCE
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

1. On Friday, 15 July, in Secretary Sharp's Conference Room, members of this Directorate, AFOIN and AFSC briefed the following Congressional Committees on the Air Force's UFO Project, the Science and Astronautics Committee of the House, and the Armed Services Committee of the House.

2. In addition to personnel from each of these Committees and this Headquarters, Lt. Dyke, of the Institute of History, and Major Friend of ATIC attended this briefing.

3. The Congressional Committees involved wanted reassurance from the Air Force concerning our position on unidentified flying objects because they have received a great deal of pressure from constituents demanding public hearings on this subject.

4. All personnel attending the briefing were pleased with the results and the general consensus is that no public hearings will be held in the near future.

5. However, this meeting and the informal discussions, which followed, gave the indication that congressional pressures may generate spontaneous public and Congressional interest. This publicity will, of course, involve USAF and other investigative personnel to visit the scene of a specific sighting and could, as a result, require the assignment of additional personnel to "Major Friend's" office, AFOIN, SAFLL, Dr. Hynek and ATIC personnel.

6. Therefore request your office support this recommendation and action be taken as soon as possible to implement this requirement.

ARNO H. LUEHMAN
Major General, USAF
Director of Information

cc: Maj Gen Musgrave, SAFOI
Colonel Sullivan, ANCH-P-1a
Major Friend, ATIC