The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a handwritten or typed document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

(would be) difficult to say even in the daytime--you could not determine whether it was round or oblong.

Well, do you say this, that maybe perhaps it knew of your presence, there especially with this red light on? 
because it might believe it was looked at and the person of the light became involved and the thing was not a craft. As officer Scott brought the red light on, it moved directly away from us.
Well, then it did move away slowly or did it move away slowly or
did it do this all at once, with speed? 
Sight became lost, nothing more could be seen, it moved so swiftly that we lost sight of it totally.
Then, like it did not notice the red light and it was leaving the area. Then it did return after you put the red light out.
It came back towards us on one other occasion.
What is your feeling, how do you feel about the whole situation, I see how do you. If is it rather difficult to believe even after watching, it was amazing to sit out there for two hours and fifteen minutes watching this thing, and it is even more difficult to tell someone else what you saw, it is quite an experience.

That is all you could say about it.
So, if someone would say to you that they felt you saw a balloon or an optical illusion, what would you say?
I would say that I wish that person had been sitting where I was and had seen the same. scene. 
That's right, it was definitely not a balloon or optical illusion, I can see what you mean.

Well, there it is. In other words, we have an unidentified flying object, maybe never again. This is in the area on highway 99 E and as a guess it was approximately 200 feet (sq ft) in diameter, and had weird lights and so forth, and however over the ground it did not appear to be an optical illusion: it was there.

Well, I know you would like to say anything to sort of wrap this up. I know you have been driving along and both Mr. Scott and Mr. Carson have been with the wire service and the investigators all day, and now I have come concerned with information here from this experience through the press and from something else, what do you think of it now?

Oh, I think with the press it was quite an experience, I think most of the reporters and people we talked to were quite impressed due to the number of creditable people that saw the thing. I do feel sure if this had been, I would have some support and I was there by myself before it arrived.