There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page of an old document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

STATE OF CONNECTICUT
EARTH SCIENCES 
October 22, 1959

Dr. T. Townsend Brown
102 Russell-and, inc.
1019 Barton Blvd.
Washington D.C.

Dear Dr. Brown,

I should like to clarify some aspects of the particle sent you from New Haven.

It is not part of the Hartford fall but a distinct fall both spatially and with respect to time. It is now under additional investigation, however, and this fall is related to the same orbiting object. The relatively low-velocity fall does not belong to the same orbiting system as New Haven.

The airborne distance between the two falls (Hartford and Woodbridge) is approximately 7 miles. It is clearly not the same fall as the Woodbridge particle fall, however, as the Woodbridge particle fall is essentially intact with only a slight disturbance of their external configuration since they landed in an area (asphalt driveway) that had been very carefully swept and cleaned.

The particles arriving here (New Haven) were recovered by the area at 3:30 P.M. at a point where a large number of the metallic particles had become embedded in the grassy surface. According to the information given me by Mrs. Brown, these particles were identical in appearance to those which were recovered at 12:30 the same day in the area it appears they had recently traversed.

While the conditions seem apparently identical, in turn suggested that they originated from some other source. I turned to the college and notified you in person.

The metallic particles that fell in New Haven do not appear to be attached as flakes or in the same manner as those which fell at Woodbridge, and within this circle were several "splinters" of the metallic material with the same distinctive outer surface as that of the main particle body. The inner material, however, is brown and powdery, rather than metallic in appearance. The larger particles show evidence of having been burned or melted at some recent time since the discovery. Mrs. Brown has asked that I give you this additional information, and I trust it will be helpful in your continued study of this material.