There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing only typed text.

12. In addition to the usual results of atmospheric refraction, special optical effects in connection with objects may occur under the conditions outlined. The most important effects are entered into the general categories termed "inferior" and "superior." The "inferior" mirage, as commonly known, is one well-recognized type which may occur under proper meteorological conditions. Such cases have not been reported in this instance since the condition to occur, a layer of extremely warm air must exist near the object where no atmospheric turbulence exists. The lower layer of air is colder and less dense, not because it was cooled from below by contact with earth or vegetation, but usually because it was hot from solar radiation and the slow transfer of heat due to convection. When the light rays pass from the cold air into the warm layer, they are bent downward and the object appears to be elevated. The conditions to actually be curved in the opposite direction. The effect is to show an inverted image of the object in the sky. This is the type of mirage which is familiar to most persons and has been mistaken for unidentified flying objects in the past.

13. A number of the witnesses mentioned that the object they observed was approximately twice the size of the sun and appeared to be accompanied by smaller objects. It should be noted that under the conditions to cause the type of mirage described, a very small distant object like the sun can appear greatly enlarged with smaller objects also magnified around it. Characteristic of this type of mirage is the fact that the mirage remains stationary as the object being viewed is moving. This is the reason that the image of the object remains essentially constant in appearance despite the movement of the observer and the changes in its actual position.

14. It is quite probable that reports of all or a majority of the sightings which occurred in California during the period 12-20 August 1960 could be explained by atmospheric refraction effects which were occurring at that time.