The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a written report or document related to a UFO sighting.

UFO REPORT
TYPE OF SIGHTING: Latter part of April or early part of May 1960
PLACE OF SIGHTING: Near Joliet, Illinois
OBSERVER: A grade high school student
DURATION OF OBSERVATION: About 5 minutes
DISTANCE OF OBJECT: Estimated between 5,000 and 8,000 feet
SIZE OF OBJECT: About the size of a sewing needle
COLOR: Silver metallic (shiny)
SHAPE: No apparent visible
ALTITUDE: Estimated at between 5,000 and 8,000 feet
SPEED: Object did not appear to move appreciably in relation to the observer
FACTS: I was waiting for the bell to ring so I could go on to my 6th hour class. I heard what was similar to the sound of a jet in the distance and decided to wait by the shop bench until the bell rang. I looked out the shop door window and realized this was not a jet since the object remained stationary in the sky. I watched the object carefully and found the sky to be clear with only a few cirrus clouds. It appeared to be a speck in the window glass but after a closer look I realized it was stationary in the sky, maintaining a horizontal position which did not change throughout the observation. I moved from where I was standing to another close position and the object was still stationary in the same place. It was stationary in the sky, maintaining a horizontal position, about the size of a sewing needle. I moved back to where I was standing and the object was still maintained in the same position. I was unable to go outside via the shop door as it was kept locked most of the time, except for the possible access that it did not know what I was looking at. From the vantage point of this window, which is in the southeast, this object would be visible in the southwest. During a portion of this time, I was watching the clock on the opposite shop wall in order to determine the duration of the sighting, which was approximately 5 minutes. Since the object would be silhouetted against the sky, I found the color to be silver metallic. The object remained stationary all the time of my observation and I was unable to make any conclusions as to what this object was except that it was unlike any object I had seen before. At the time of my sighting, I was not aware of any current UFO activity, nor did I make any conclusions as to what this object may have been.