The image contains a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a report of a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in the image, only text.

Text Extracted from the Document:

On December 2-13 the Atlantic City Press reported that several UFOs were sighted in southwestnew Jersey. In one case a strange flying object which descended to about 800 feet was reported by a duck hunter. When he raised his shotgun, the hunter said, "the UFO immediately and disappeared."

On December 23rd, a duck hunter named L.J. Jersey, near his Cloye, New Jersey home had a frightening experience when he and his grandson were prepared to go duck hunting. They saw an object which they described as "a disc about 50 feet in diameter, coming toward them at a tremendous speed and then hovered a few feet off the ground. It was about 200 feet away. It was reported to be glowing and orange in color. As it went down, it changed to a reddish glow that lit up the ground and everything around it. The object then shot straight up and out of sight at a terrific speed."

New Jersey disclosed his story of a recent encounter with a big disc, 40 to 50 feet in diameter, which appeared to be maneuvering with a strange, white light on a hunting trip with his grandson at 6 a.m. they saw an object flying at them, over the meadows at about 200 feet above the ground. "Non-cohere that's coming right at us," cried the boy, and the boy's shotgun accidentally slipped into his shotgun and replied, "Don't worry if he comes at us. I'll shoot it." As he reached toward the gun, it seemed to veer off and went a distance away. It came out of the east, then turned northward. The disc maneuvered about 60 feet in altitude, had a red glow that lit up the group and that changed to purple as it rose vertically. It came out of the east, then turned northward. The disc maneuvered about 60 feet in altitude, had a red glow that lit up the group and that changed to purple as it rose vertically. It came out of the east, then turned northward. The disc maneuvered about 60 feet in altitude, had a red glow that lit up the group and that changed to purple as it rose vertically. The observer stated that it seemed to dissolve into the distance. "The chase wasn't there," he told the boys, "but you'd have a hard time telling these people that it wasn't there in the first place."