There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on unidentified aerial phenomena.

The text in the document reads as follows:

AFD IN-4
Unidentified Aerial Phenomena 

Mr. USAF
(APCIN)
Washington 25, D. C.

1. On 4 December 1960, Brig Gen Leesley, USAF, arranged a meeting with Col. Gillily, Director of Information USAF, to discuss the dissemination of information to the news media concerning the investigation of certain these aerial observations reported to the Air Force. Following the meeting Col Gall instructed Major Prindle, USTH-4-25, to prepare a brief summary of the classified unidentified aerial phenomena program and to outline generally what would be required to bring the program in line with SAFOI's recommendation to be result of the meeting.  

2. For the past 13 years, the United States Air Force has been charged with the responsibility for investigating and analyzing reports of unidentified aerial phenomena. 

3. Air Force Regulation 200-2, dated 14 September 1959, charges the Air Force with overseeing and analyzing these reports. APIC is charged with the associated public relations and policy aspects, while the Air Force bases nearest the location of a specific sighting is responsible for reporting and investigation. 

4. In the United States there are more than 50 private organizations "investigating" unidentified aerial phenomena. Additionally, there are more than 500,000 members. For this reason, persons belonging to these organizations can contribute to confusing public, ignorance, or possibly the use the situation as a could war tool. The official position of the USAF is that no unidentified aerial phenomena can be proven to be extraterrestrial, and the Air Force is withholding information it has concerning them.

5. The most active and influential of these organizations is the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP). This organization is headed by Major Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC (Ret.). He serves in an advisory capacity to Gen William F. McKee, Vice Chief of Staff, USAF, and General Curtis E. LeMay, former Chief of Staff, USAF, and is known to Congress (HAT) as members of its Board of Governors.

6. Strenuous efforts by Major Keyhoe and others to discredit the Air Force's handling of the UFO program have met reliable in the Congressmen.