There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

TEXT OUTPUT:

FOR RELEASE: 9 P.M. EST, Tuesday, December 20, 1960
"WASHINGTON VIEWPOINT"

CORRICK: Good evening. This is Ann Corrisk with Sid Davis at the Pentagon in Washington. Washington Viewpoint tonight is concerned with a curious controversy -- flying saucers. Are they real or are they imagined? 

Our guest on Washington Viewpoint has devoted many years of a study to this question. He is Lieutenant Colonel Lawrence J. Tacker, a war combat veteran and master navigator with the United States Air Force. Colonel Tacker currently is Chief of the Magazine and Book Branch of the Air Force Office of Information. His interesting insights in reports of flying saucers or unidentified flying objects as they're called, led him to publish a book earlier this month which describes just what the Air Force is doing about persistent reports that some one somewhere has actually spotted flying saucers. The title of Colonel Tacker's book, by the way, is Flying Saucers and the U.S. Air Force, published by Van Nostrand, and it represents his viewpoint. 

Well, Colonel, just what is the official Air Force position; are there actually little people from a celestial culture flying around spying on us?

COLONEL TACKER: Definitely not, Ann. The official Air Force position on flying saucers or space ships from other planets is that we do not deny the possibility that life could exist out there somewhere and that a visit from outer space could happen. What we say is that to date it has not happened. That is, we have no evidence on hand to prove the existence of space ships or the fact that space travel in reverse is fait accompli. 

And yet a lot of people who are intelligent and alert people claim that they actually have seen what must be a space ship from some other planet.

CORRICK: And yet a lot of people who are intelligent and alert people claim that they actually have seen what must be a space ship from some other planet.

COLONEL TACKER: That is correct. And we have to respect their honesty and their sincerity. However, the Air Force must continue to say that we have no conclusive evidence on hand to prove the existence of flying saucers or spaceships from outer space. We must maintain a scientific and objective point of view until such time as concrete proof is available. Our job is to get the facts, not jump to conclusions, and report to the American public precisely what we know and don't know about this controversial subject.

CORRICK: Thank you very much, Colonel Tacker. I'm sure Washington Viewpoint tonight has shed some light on this intriguing question of flying saucers. Good night.