The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

SATURDAY NIGHT (Feb. 6, 1960) RED LIGHT REAPPEARS.

On Saturday nights, between 11:00 PM and midnight, activity on Hollywood Boulevard begins to reach its height point. This means in terms of other main thoroughfares in the heart of Hollywood. "This Saturday night was no exception. The sky was clear and the air was inviting. The time was approximately 11:30, and activity was going its past first gear.

Miss Anne O'Neal, actress, was enjoying the sight from the porch of the Garden Court Apartments, 7021 Hollywood Boulevard, when she noticed something strange about the lights. All of a sudden, a brilliant red light shot down from the sky for a minute or two, she went into the lobby and called Mr. Leonard Luban, a resident of the Garden Court, and Mr. Luban looked out and the light was there also.

They hurried back to the porch and there they were greeted by Mr. and Mrs. Harold Sherman, coming up the walk, who had seen the brilliant red light just as they got out of their car, exactly in the same way that the light had first been seen. Both Mr. and Mrs. Sherman agreed that it appeared to be in the same place as the light noticed by Miss O'Neal and Mr. Luban. The light stayed for several minutes and then disappeared. After the light vanished, a series of small strange red lights were noticed in the sky which kept moving around, and these were observed for some time. Mr. Leonard Luban spoke of the strange odor, the mushroom shaped cloud, the pulsating of the red light, and the object that crashed downwards after the explosion. He said, "When the red light reappeared several seconds after the explosion, the first thing I noticed was that the light was about one-third the size of the full moon." 

Approximately ten minutes elapsed. The brilliant red light was still motionless. Others on the boulevard were looking up. Suddenly there was an explosion and a flash of white light came out of the right side of the red light - and the explosion wasn't the same size as before the explosion - but about the size of a pin, or one-third the size of the full moon. Something flew out of it and disappeared.

Anne O'Neal told interviewers, "We were all so amazed when the red light came back several seconds later - so though it had blown up!!" She mentioned a shaped white cloud formed at the time of the explosion, and she described the light as having "a peculiar odor," something like sulphur, she thought. Miss O'Neal described the light as about the same size as the full moon, and that it did not change in size during the observation. She also noticed a peculiar object, which she could not describe, going downwards after the explosion.

Leonard Luban spoke of the strange odor, the mushroom shaped cloud, the pulsating of the red light, and the object that crashed downwards after the explosion. He said, "When the red light reappeared several seconds after the explosion, the first thing I noticed was that the light was about one-third the size of the full moon."