There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old report or document, likely related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Information via Optical Character Recognition (OCR):

INFORMATION VIA BRANTFORD, ONTARIO, CANADA -SJC NATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL, CANADA -CANADIAN RESEARCH BRANCH. 

Observation Summery: Please be advised that a Ground of Canadian Air Force personnel located at Clinton, Ontario, Canada, on Sept. 7, 1964 at approx. 1:00 A.M., observed an object in the sky which they consider to be a conventional fighter aircraft. However, this object was apparently larger and travelling at a much higher speed than normal fighter aircraft are capable of. This object was apparently of a triangular shape and emitting a blue-green flame from its rear. it was travelling in a North-North-East direction in a horizontal flight, at an elevation of approx. 45 degrees. The observation lasted for approximately 2-3 minutes and the object faded from sight. 

The Space Object:
The object or rocket is said to have hit Lake Fraser, about 300 yards from the western shore of western Canada. The object is said to have left a trail of smoke or vapour, approximately 4-5 miles in length, as it descended into the lake. Eyewitnesses in the area reported that the object was approximately 30-40 feet in length and appeared to be of a triangular shape. Also, the object is reported to have emitted a blue-green flame from its rear as it descended. Supposedly, the object struck the water with a loud explosion and caused a large geyser of water to be thrown into the air. Subsequent investigation in the area has failed to turn up any physical evidence that an object did in fact strike the lake. However, traces of some sort of heavy fibrous material, resembling glass fiber, have been found in the general impact area. The Canadian Government is reportedly very interested in this incident and an intensive investigation is currently underway.