The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely an official file copy from the Office of Record.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Presentation Case:
(1) We do not agree with the "film's conclusion that aircraft, not radar balloons had been confirmed". Extensive analysis was made of a copy from the original film strip, and that shows the object is an image developed on the film itself (a "film phenomenon") which is evident from a number of frames. This is not shown in the Holt's report.

(2) Further, it is not necessary to state that particular object as having been determined to be a radar balloon. However, the object is almost pure white in color, in contrast to the smoky appearance of radar balloons.

(3) In the opinion of ATIC photo specialists, the object gives the appearance of being a high altitude aircraft making a turn, against the line of the gulls, giving them a white circular appearance. This is in a state of excellent photography as indicated in the file.

(4) This is confirmed by the original analysis in our files, which is seen only by the Photo Reconnaissance Laboratory, WADC. These reports indicate this was actually a high attitude aircraft, rather than other conclusions (Items 1 and 2 above).

Marshall's Conclusions:
It is the conclusions of the Air Force are that Capt. Marshall's Project was clearly legitimate, and no aerial phenomena of significance is involved. Rally good intelligence work by a few people and by the process of deduction, they were able to determine what the object actually was, confirming the fact that it was a balloon in his book "Report on Unidentified Flying Objects" (p.87).

Pergo Case: Our files indicate that this was undoubtedly an airplane which approached close to the observer. Capt. Harpon's file also contains confirmation of this in his book, page 57.

ATOMIC ENERGY CASE: As shown on the screen this is an apparent attempt to document, what we see, our comment is that it supposedly has been closely observed by men whose identity is not shown in project material. No conclusions can be properly drawn from this illustration alone.

OTHERS