The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with text describing a sighting of an unidentified light.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following spaces to write out your full description of the sighting and other pertinent information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. They will be used in the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: (Do Not Write In This Space)
CODE:
SIGNATURE
DATE: 1-6-60

The following is a copy of my letter of January 5, 1960, which was answered by Major Lawrence J. Tacker:

At almost exactly 7:00 P.M. Eastern Standard Time on January 4, 1960, I was an apparently unexplainable light in the northwest. I had stopped out of the back door of my home and almost immediately it appeared - a bright light that was good and clear, almost greenish in color, at an elevation of approximately 25 to 30 degrees above the horizon. It appeared to be larger than a star, and my first impression was that it was a reflection in the sky, perhaps from some aircraft or satellite. There I was standing, and it remained at about the same angular elevation during its motion.

The light was yellow-orange in color, and it was this characteristic, rather than its motion, that first attracted my attention. The light was slightly brighter than a first magnitude star and although its small size was close to the limit of resolution, it did appear to have an apparent area of a star, perhaps being approximately circular in shape. A peculiarity that I observed was the changing of the light. My sister, who was watching with me, also noticed this effect. At times it would seem to diminish slightly in brightness, but for the most part it maintained a steady brilliance during the 15 minutes or so that I watched it.

After watching the light for about 15 minutes, I summoned my sister to see it, and I walked to the side of the house to get a better view. From there I could see the light quite clearly, and it remained at about the same elevation during its entire period of visibility. After it disappeared, I heard a rather low rumbling sound, lasting about 5 seconds, very much like distant thunder, although the sky was clear and there were no clouds visible.