The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

h. Yuma, Arizona soundings between 01100Z and 01240OZ revealed a strong inversion between 11,000 and 15,000 feet. Luise A.P.R. weather estimates this inversion occurred at the approximate time of Mr. observations in the Phoenix area. A check of Radar Stations in the Phoenix area revealed no unusual sightings at the time observation was made in Glendale.

1. No interception or identification action taken.

(1) Sky Harbor Airport, located approximately 10 miles S/E of the observation point, launch small (30 Grad) balloons at 0500Z, 1000Z and 2300Z daily. Sky Harbor Airport states the balloon launched at 01100Z, differed North from the launching site.

(2) Yuma and Tucson, Arizona launch large balloons at 1200Z and 2400Z daily. Unable to check flight paths of these balloons for 1 May.

(1) (1) Airgun Combat Crew Training Wing (Tac Ftr) - Operations - Intelligence Specialist.

(2) Comments: was interviewed at his home at 030130Z by the preparing individual. During the interview the impression gained was that was a man of more than average intelligence, who cooperated fully in answering all questions put to him by the investigator. He also stated that he was hesitant in reporting his observation to the military, having been in the Army during World War II and thought perhaps the military would make a joke of his report. seems to know more than the average person about the UFO Program and when asked as to whether or not he had ever observed any strange or unusual objects before, he answered in the negative. He then stated that only recently he had watched an Army or Air Force film on television which showed photographs of UFO's taken by a U.S. Navy Lieutenant in a desert somewhere in the United States along with other photographs and stories of other sightings made by reliable persons, over a period of years. He further stated that the narrator emphasized, that any persons observing any strange object were to report them to the nearest military authority, no matter how foolish the story might sound.

4