The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text on the page is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS, 31ST TACTICAL FIGHTER WING
United States Air Force, Shaw, Louisiana
St. April 1960

UNITED STATES FLYING OBJECT SUMMARY
1. REFERENCE: AF 100-2, as supplemented.
2. PURPOSE: To explain the area of responsibility for investigating reports of unidentified flying objects.
3. To provide a check list for intelligence officers to follow after an unidentified flying object sighting.
4. RESPONSIBILITIES: From the Air Force Manual AFM 200-2, IDENTIFICATION OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS, the following responsibilities are assigned:
a. The Air Force is responsible for the collection, analysis, and evaluation of all information concerning sightings and reports of unidentified flying objects within the United States, its territories, and possessions.
b. The Commanding General, Air Defense Command, has been designated to coordinate and direct the Air Force program for the investigation of unidentified flying objects.
RESULTS: Although the area of responsibility is as specified above, it may be necessary to conduct investigations beyond the assigned area. In cases where the situation involves public safety or if there are indications of a possible threat to national security, investigations should be conducted.

5. CHECK LIST: In cases of all possible reports of information are exhausted, the following checks will be made and results reported:
a. Check local newspapers and media for coverage of the sighting. Obtain copies of any news stories or pictures if available.
b. Contact local police, civilian defense officials, and other agencies in the area to obtain any additional information.
c. Obtain names and addresses of principal witnesses and arrange for interviews.
d. Arrange for on-site investigation by an experienced officer as soon as possible.
e. Forward all pertinent information through channels to the Commander, Air Defense Command.