There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:

VI. CONCLUSIONS OF APPROXIMATE:

The several sets of measurements that cannot be disregarded, nor treated lightly with a shrug, are numerous, accurately made, and mutually consistent, even when different instruments were employed. They indicate an apparent object of considerable size, say one nearly a hundred feet in diameter, some approximately 10,000 feet high, with the measured apparent speed and angular velocity commensurate. This is not small potatoes, and there is no way that we can dismiss it and say small astronomical or meteorlogical effects as mentioned before could account for it.

There is some discrepancy in time as between Mr. Herrin's 5:55 p.m. observation however, it is not believed that this is a major point, since they are estimated times about 6:00 p.m.

VII. CLOSING COMMENTS:

Now, perhaps, it is apparent why our investigation has jumped back and forth, data and information seem singly but curiously valid yet many be minutes.

Your director cannot help but wonder why the Air Force officials still think investigation evidence "insufficient evidence" (to quote Air Force, COMGENENAL's corresponding with CUFOS, 6 July 1950), when so far as we can tell, the same realy does exist, and to the same degree as to what CUFOS original report claims. Perhaps some additional details within the same readily give an or a possible identification, we do not say that the object sightings were in error, but the evidence at hand seems in strong.

There is one slim possibility that must be considered, depending of course on the Allowances supporting Nr. Morris and Mrs Ludovisy say these UFOs at low altitudes supporting many years, this perhaps, by way of a partial answer. We, Noale is not too familiar with angular elevations and rate of travel may, perhaps, by way of a partial explanation. Any additional information, comments or suggestions that a reader might have would be appreciated.

In closing, your director would like to extend his thanks to all those names appear in this report for the help they have given in this inquiry. A special thanks goes to CUFOS, Dly Walker, who furnished this original manuscript, and to Spencer, Iowa who furnished the original documents to make this particular sighting.

- - - END OF REPORT - - -