There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

Like thunder, coming from the general direction where I had just seen the light, there was a low frequency sound which it seemed came from exactly the direction from which I came. At no other time did I hear any audible sound from this direction, though I listened intently. The low frequency sound seemed to fade after a short time, and the level in this rural neighborhood was not covered by a flat and steady roar, as might cause from an automobile going by on the highway. 

I do not discount the possibility that the rumble I heard was a large truck on a main street a thousand feet from my home. However, I doubt that it was thunder, as there were no clouds visible and no lightning was visible on the western horizon at about 7:30 PM. when the light was seen. This temperature was about 15 to 25 degrees F.. At no time did I see any other lights accompanying this single light, such as aircraft running lights.

There is some further information which I would like to add. One thing that I consider very unusual about this UFO sighting is that it happened to be in a position to see this UFO only about an hour before the UFO was seen. I decided to go into downtown Hartford, several blocks from the place where it had been kept for years, and placed it in my shirt pocket. However, after selecting the books I wanted at the library, I went to other local and suddenly recalled that I had left the books in the library. So I went back several times to let me take the books out without my card, but the librarian was not of course to let me take them, as my identification was not at hand.

So, I came home from the library, all the while and of course, it was then turned out that the incident that kept the door in the open is for you to see, then turned out, and I closed the door quickly. And the UFO has never been seen again. I appreciate it if you let me know what the final evaluation is of this UFO.