The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output the text found in the document:

I. Introductory Comments:
This is probably the most confusing sighting that CUFOR shall have to considered as far as the UFO's position - just about every angle has been reported. A letter arrives that throws everything up for grabs again. Even the inquiry letters have not yet been answered. If answers are received, they will be issued.

On July 9, 1960, CUFOR's director wrote to Lt. Col. (formerly Major) L.J. Tacker, Air Force Pentagon spokesman for UFOs, and told him that since publication of testimony concerning sightings, the Air Force had remained silent on the 25th. He asked that the details of the flight and the official evaluation of it be provided.

II. Details of Sightings:
At approximately 5:55 p.m., March 4, 1960, Charles D. Lewis and his wife, a single-engine USAAF trainer of WWI vintage) person at about 2,000 feet when they noticed three luminous objects, elliptical in shape, traveling NNE at great speed. These objects suddenly changed direction and became stationary. Two were disc-shaped, about the size of a quarter, and one was cigar-shaped, about the size of a dime or less. All three gave off smokes or any vapor trail, appeared to be highly illuminated, and seemed to be surrounded by a haze. They were clearly visible for about a quarter of an hour and then disappeared. It was daytime and the sky was clear. The three objects seemed to be at the same approximate altitude and distance, neither coming closer nor moving farther away during the sighting.

The witness, Mrs. R.V. Ludingsley, who saw them with her husband, is familiar to report such sightings. It is similar to one or major, depending on your point of view, with some exceptions: the objects were traveling very slowly (a little faster than a crawl) and silently moved about for 15 minutes before departing. Dr. the "other side of the fence" are the observers who believe the objects were extraterrestrial.