The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text-based document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Periscoping the World

World Whispers
UNITED NATIONS - Buried in the mass of figures in the expense report on the U.N. posts on the basis of population, was this startling revelation: If bed the U.S. F. with 150 million population, would rate no less than 32 posts—six more than the U.S.
PARIS - Charles de Gaulle's troubles with the army may not be over. With 21 officers jailed (and another 130 already released from punishment) for taking part in the army revolt in Algeria, the French high command has been forced to fill key African posts with officers taken from Algeria because of the difficulty in finding enough regular troops.
BONN - Chancellor Adenauer gets a new look at Yuri Gagarin's spaceship next month. The occasion: A mammoth show to be held at Tushino airport just outside Moscow. And no one will be surprised at the Kremlin's move, of course, this is Gagarin's year - and the Soviets intend to make most of it for their new hero's glory.

Diplomatic Pouches
CONGO - Here is confirmation of our earlier suspicion that the Kremlin cares less than Moscow may be thought: He is shipping munitions to the Soviet Union and other Communist countries for failing to deliver commercial orders on time. And plans for a big non-core development program here are apparently held up because of the difficulty in getting sufficient quantities of needed materials.

PEKING - The Red Chinese are moving to woo more of the world's Muslims to their side - and they are being royally received by Arabs and others wherever they go. Peking's death-to-the-imperialists line finds a not unfavorable echo in Arab thinking captive in Nationalism.

VIENNA - Is the touted front-runner in the athletic events of the Beijing Spartaklad, Boss of the Russian athletes who was conspicuously absent from three previous Spartaklads, to be replaced by a young, sky-rocketing star? This would score a victory for the Soviet athletes, and give the start of the Soviet new strain and staying power.

LONDON - Britain's clinicians are thinking of a big carrier program to include at least three 50,000-ton monster carriers and similar bases to areas like the British West Indies and Southeast Asia and the Indian Ocean; will lose their whole self-contained economy and as Red China gets stronger, this independent nation will be more vulnerable to China.