The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with text describing a UFO sighting report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and used as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may restate information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or details that you believe are important. Try to preserve the details of the objects such as size, shape, color, speed, direction of travel, duration of sighting, number of objects, etc. If there are any drawings or same size paper work that are attached, also indicate on the order.

(FILL IN EVERYTHING NEXT TO THE "NAME" AND "DATE" HEADINGS EXCEPT THAT PART BETWEEN THE PARENTHESES.)

NAME: [Redacted]
CODE: 
DATE: 1-16-61

On the night of 1-16-61 at approx. 6:00pm my wife and I were driving west on the Seymour highway about 5 miles west of Wichita Falls Texas. We were approached by an object in the sky which appeared to be moving at an extremely high rate of speed and at what appeared to be an unnatural altitude. The object, which was round in shape, appeared to be hovering or stationary in the sky, and as we continued to watch it we could see it start to move again at this high rate of speed. The object changed direction several times and would hover or become stationary at various intervals during its flight. The colors of the object ranged from a bright white to a reddish orange. The object appeared to be approximately the size of a quarter held at arm's length. There was no sound associated with the object. We continued to observe the object for approximately 5-7 minutes before it disappeared from our view. During the time we observed the object there were no other aircraft in the immediate area, and the object did not appear to be an aircraft, missile, or satellite. We have no explanation for what we observed, and this is the first time either of us has ever seen anything like this before.