There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old document discussing "INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE" and containing text related to cost estimates, economic and technical studies on communications satellites, and policy issues related to communications satellites.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
Cost estimate, economic and technical studies on communications satellites - estimated costs and fee for the year Dec. 1, 1960 - Nov. 30, 1961
Direct satellite $77,700
Publication 66,580
Staffing 5,000
Consultants, fees, and travel 16,200
Total estimated cost 175,480
Fixed fee 16,620
Total estimated cost and fixed fee 192,100

ECONOMIC AND TECHNICAL STUDIES FOR THE YEAR DECEMBER 1, 1960 - NOVEMBER 30, 1961
Studies planned and in work associated with space activities for the coming year, dealing with meteorological satellites, those dealing with communications satellites, and consideration of the impact of inflatable structures. Proposed programs are proposed to be initiated during the coming year and it is expected that studies in meteorological satellites, communications satellites, and consideration of the impact of inflatable structures may become of special interest. We propose that study of such problems be undertaken describing the relationship to NASA.

1. Communications Satellites
These studies are planned on the economic and international policy questions associated with communications satellites; a study of economic and social implications of communications satellites, and a study of the legal, administrative, and cost of international development and operation of communications satellites.

2. Economic policy issues - The study of economic policy issues will involve those considerations relating to the future work in connection with analyzing the economic benefits of communications will be continued in greater detail. Those economic analyses will be continued more frequently and will become more reliable independently of the detailed economic and technical analyses. This study will be done in close cooperation with ongoing studies by NASA on similar devices, closed-circuit TV, and commercial TV. The economic promise of communications satellites will be systematically directed to how they can be used most effectively.