The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a written report.

Carl R. Nilsson
Organizational Inquiry Division
Office of Legislative Liaison
Air Force Systems Command
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:
On January 19, 1961, a copy of a letter of mine addressed to Senator John F. Kennedy was sent to you.

Now I come again with a second report and am satisfied that I have the proper information.

Yesterday, January 29, 1961, at the hour of 7:20 not quite light and not quite dark, I observed three bright objects in the sky traveling in a southeasterly direction at a great speed. The objects were approximately one half the size of a bright star and were flying in perfect formation, one slightly ahead of the other two. They were not airplanes, neither were they birds. As they passed over I was so startled that it was not brilliant or ostentatious as a weapon of war, it was but a normal glide and so I would not have thought much of it except that my daughter who was outside at the time also saw them. We were both greatly impressed.

I am not an advocate of flying saucers or strange "space craft", so I have to confess that I was somewhat shaken by this sighting. I know they were not airplanes, they were not birds, and I am reasonably certain they were not satellites or anything that we know is man-made and orbiting the earth. Incidentally, the sighting lasted 7 to 10 seconds which seems to me a rather long time for this type of object.

It is interesting to note that I have seen some things at night that may have been stars or planets, but I can confidently state that what I saw yesterday was definitely not a normal celestial body. Unless you can offer some reasonable explanation, I am forced to conclude that they were some type of unidentified flying object.

I would appreciate your comments on this report and any information you may have on similar sightings in this area. Thank you for your attention to this matter.
Sincerely yours,
[redacted]