There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows what looks like a page from an old UFO report document with text.

AFR 200-2
2-3-61

to be reported under this regulation as
the 3 types of flying objects mentioned
in paragraph 26.
(3) Pilotless aircraft and missiles.
Unidentified flying objects, regardless of
their characteristics or unusual features, does
not come within the scope of this regulation

and above.

3. Implications. Air Force interest in UFO's
is directed toward the security of the United States and its forces;
and, Air Force efforts in this field are limited
to the identification and evaluation of all such
sightings for any hostile or potentially hostile
implications, in accordance with the procedures
in paragraph 25.
as. As Defense, The basic security of flying
vehicles or objects of revolutionary configuration or propulsion characteristics may be of inter-
est to the United States, and the Air Force
maintains a continuing study of this field. However, it is emphasized that the basic interests
in this field are not related to the scientific
evaluation or publicity, but rather an essential
function of the Air Force, the detection of any
possible hostile or potentially hostile vehicle or
object, as defined in paragraph 25.

4. Technical and Scientific. The Air Force
will continue to collect and analyze any information on objects or phenomena of an extraterrestrial or unusual nature, which may be
returned from projects or activities. Such information will be properly evaluated and handled
in accordance with the following factors:
(1) The results of scientific or technical
examination should be published or made avail- able only when it is determined that the full
potential and significance of such findings have
been exploited for any possible hostile implica-
tions or intelligence value.
(2) Information on new or unique air
vehicles or phenomena should not be released
to the public, if such release might jeopardize the
national security.
(3) Knowledge gained from the scientific
study of the upper atmosphere, astronomy, and
the study of aerial phenomena may provide in-
formation on the nature of such phenomena. How-
ever, the full exploitation of such knowledge for
any possible hostile implications should be the
prime consideration. The scientific or technical
phenomena may provide.
(4) The potential of such apparent factors
as nuclear propulsion, special materials, new
guidance and control systems, advanced aero-
dynamic analyses and conclusions of UFO
sightings.

5. Reporting. Base commanders will report
all information available about UFOS sightings
immediately through channels to the Air Tech-
nical Intelligence Center (ATIC), Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base, Ohio. The necessity for rapid
and accurate reporting cannot be overstressed. (See section 6.)
Every effort. The command of the Air Force
will take every reasonable step to insure that
the reporting and investigation of such sightings
is carried out with the utmost discretion and
security. A UFO sighting will be handled with
the same degree of professional interest and
security consideration accorded any other intelli-
gence operation. (See section 6.)
The determination whether the reported
sighting is of enemy or friendly origin will require
a complete investigation. A BLUE BOOK message
will be sent immediately to ATIC advising of the
sighting and the progress of the investigation. A
final report will be submitted promptly upon com-
pletion of the investigation. (See paragraph 6.)
Appropriate action. The ATIC will analyze and
evaluate the information and evidence collected
in each case. The ATIC will conduct any further
investigation deemed necessary, and will be re-
sponsive to specific requests by the reporting
agency. The ATIC will provide the reporting
agency with the results of the analysis and eval-
uation. The ATIC may conduct or request any
additional investigation it considers appropriate.

6. Public Relations and Information Serv-
ice. The Office of Information Services, Air
Force, has the responsibility to represent the
Air Force officially on all public information.
Requests for information from the public regard-
ing UFO's will be referred to the Air Force
Office of Information Services. No officer, air-
man, or civilian employee of the Air Force will
comment publicly on any phase of the UFO
problem except under the specific authority
and control of the Air Force Office of Infor-
mation Services. See paragraphs 7 and 8.