The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document. The document appears to be a letter from J. Allen Hynek, addressed to an "Office of County Judge" in Eagle River, Wisconsin, dated 22 August 1961.

Here is the text from the document:

22 August 1961

Office of County Judge
Eagle River, Wisconsin

Dear Judge:

Thank you very much for your letter of July 28. I am sorry to say that I can only now have had a chance to answer it.

The case you tell me of the sighting of a mysterious object on the night of March 20 is not an isolated one, but part of an almost daily occurrence of such sightings in your area. The magnitude of these sightings seems to indicate that they must have some scientific significance, and it has become one of my chief duties to investigate such sightings and to try to discover, if possible, their real nature.

I think you understand why I stand in this entire UFO sighting as a scientist, and not as a "true believer." It is not my job to convert anyone, but rather to determine, if I can, the actual nature of these phenomena. It may be that the main job of citizens in this matter is to report sightings of these objects as accurately and objectively as possible, so that the significance of the overall pattern, if any, can be determined.

So far this does not seem to have been done. The objects, so far, defy explanation in terms of any known natural or manmade phenomena. There remains much to be learned, and we must keep an open, scientific mind. After all, organic material is certainly a rarity in the universe.

I am happy to note in your letter a well-balanced and objective attitude. This is always a very healthy sign, and gives me much encouragement. I feel that if we can maintain this attitude, and if citizens will continue to report sightings, a very much needed scientific study can be made which may eventually lead to some real understanding of this problem, which has important implications for us all.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen Hynek
JAH:jw