There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be an advertisement or promotional material for Vilas County, Wisconsin, highlighting its Carnival of Winter Sports, points of scenic and historic interest, and vacation opportunities.

VILAS COUNTY PARK COMMISSION
Offers You
POINTS OF SCENIC and 
HISTORIC INTEREST
Time on your hands? How about a scouting trip - a little beach
basking - taking a peek at that lake you never knew was there -
checking on the eagles in their nest and the new dam building
project of the beavers?
There is just so much to see and do the fascinating things nature has in store
for you, in this wonderful land of lakes, forests and streams.
Why, you will find yourself wandering along the shore, feeling the breeze
on your face, watching the wildlife and taking in all of the sights and sounds
of the white of snow, red of trees and greenness through the woods - rather
than you will find yourself wandering to a store for a bite to buy.
* The Vilas County Vacation and Recreation area has many, many
miles of scenic and canoe routes brings to the vacationer greater enjoy-
ment of nature beauty and historic lore. Size and travel-prepared
and picture-taking activities have been established.
* The 1,200,000 acres of Vilas County lure sportsmen to you. There are 240
lakes averaging 300 acres each. Miles and miles of trout streams and thou-
sands of lakes and streams so everyone can enjoy boating and fishing any-
time. Public camps along these lakes are established by the U.S. Forest
Service. Camping enthusiasts can enjoy hiking and all forms of outdoor
activity in scenic rural areas. Boat and canoe rentals galore are avail- 
able along the highways.
* Historic markers tell the history of the area. Lac du Flambeau has
a museum dedicated to the great Chippewa nation in this
18th century - On Upper Post take a marker commemorates the
fact actual troops stationed at Fort McCoy during World War II
and Pershing's "Punitive Expedition." The first lumber mill in
Wisconsin was established in Conover. There is a related museum.
* The home of the "Fastest working river in the world" - the Peshtigo River
District in the heart of the Nicolet National Forest, boasts Minesota-
Flats Rapids which still attracts white water lovers and rafters during
some days. This area is widely know for its excellent fishing and hiking.
* SUNSHINE and SNOW. The average snowfall is over 6 feet with little
to deter devotees of winter sports. Downhill skiing at several established
areas offers the idler long lasting powder snow and un-crowded
uncongested terrain. Cross country enthusiasts have a choice of many
miles of groomed trails which enable one to enjoy the views in relaxed
solitude. Ice fishing and ice skating are available on the lakes.
For information and accommodations write:
VILAS COUNTY CLERK
EAGLE RIVER, WISCONSIN