There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Mercury document containing text only.

PROJECT MERCURY
occur during flight. The system controllers advise the flight director: (1) The flight surgeon monitors the physiological displays of the pilot's life support and cabin environment, he also monitors the pilot's voice transmission.
(2) The capsule environment monitor has telemetry instrumentation which monitors the cabin pressure and system temperatures.
(3) The capsule communicator relays information to the pilot and receives voice reports from the pilot. The station console is equipped with a simulated pad panel which indicates the occurrence of capsule mission events.
(4) The capsule systems monitor observes the capsule attitude systems and the status of the capsule electrical system.
(5) The retroflectometer panel displays the retroflirring times for the various segments of the planned vehicle trajectory. These retroflirring times are calculated at the Goddard Computing Center. The capsule's clock synchronized with the optimum performing time which is continually being defined by calculations based on the latest tracking information. Changes in the capsule retrorocket clock setting can be accomplished through voice instructions or by radio commands from the ground.
(6) The flight dynamics officer has the responsibility of evaluating the capsule attitude and position at the end of the launch phase. He will use four plot boards which display flight path angle, velocity, altitude, and time to apogee. Based on predetermined limiting conditions, if it is determined that the capsule be permitted to continue orbital flight (go decision) or if the capsule has not attained critical velocity and flight path angle, he will request immediate retrorocket burn to bring the capsule down in a planned recovery area.
(7) The missile telemetry monitor will observe telemetry displays of the vehicle attitude, acceleration, velocity, and flight path angle. By observing these parameters, he can anticipate possible abort situations. The flight director can then take action to bring the capsule down in a planned recovery area.
In the flight control center at Bermuda, the flight dynamics officer will make an orbit "go" or "no go" decision only if the retrorocket site stations are equipped with only three consoles: capsule communicator, retrofire monitor, and telemetry systems monitor. Figure 24 shows how the capsule communicator and retrofire monitor console includes command radio capability at six of the remote sites: that is the communication transmitter will be able to command changes in the retroflirrer and command retrofire. Some of these communications will be interrupted.