The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document discussing the implementation of the Project Mercury program, which was part of the US space program to send astronauts into space. The text provides details about the network of tracking and data acquisition stations, the recovery process, testing methods, and the selection of seven Mercury astronauts. The document also mentions the use of simulators and the participation of the military services and the Public Health Service in the recovery and post-recovery activities.

PROJECT MERCURY
The implementation of the essential phases of Project Mercury will require the use of a global network of tracking and data acquisition stations. A total of 16 such stations will be required at the following locations: Cape Canaveral; Grand Bahamas; Grand Turk Island; Ascension Island; Coastal Guiana; Trinidad; Kwajalein; Canton Island; Hawaii; southern California; Eniwetok; Australia; Canton Island; Hawaii; southern California; Eniwetok.
In July 1959, the Western Electric Co. was selected as the contractor to construct and install the equipment at the Mercury network stations. The sites had, previously, been constructed and construction at all sites is complete. Nine of the network stations and the two network ships will be maintained and operated by the Department of Defense and its contractors. Capsule recovery will be effected by the U.S. Navy. Recovery patterns, realistic tests of these methods, were achieved during the successful Project Shakedown and Atlas tests.
Early in 1959, the seven Mercury astronauts were selected. Since then, they have successfully completed an intensive training program, which has now progressed to the point where the men are ready for the first planned ballistic flight. This training program employed simulators, in addition to facilities of the military services. NASA and Public Health Service. During this training, monitoring of the flight physician's evaluations disclosed the excellent physical condition of the astronauts.
Project Mercury is a continuing program of concurrent efforts in research, development, engineering testing, and training, all aimed at the focal point of successful manned orbital flight objectives. This program is being pursued with the greatest speed that can be applied to scientific research and development, in order to capitalize on the capacity and interest generated within the current environment. The next step in the manned space flight program, before future programs can proceed very far downrange, must await the results about man's capability in space and about the general technology of manned space flight. This decision is an important one to do the Project Mercury right.
Project Mercury has been endorsed by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and supported by the President as a program of top national priority. Consequently, it carries a 1X priority rating. But, in priority alone, does not assure that a project will move forward at a given rate or with a given set of resources. Great forward strides have been made, and are continuing on Project Mercury, both at the McDonnell plant and at Cape Canaveral, is proceeding at a pace almost unprecedented even in the fast-moving electronics industry.