The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document that outlines examples of nonreimbursable items, including salaries of radar operators, support personnel, and estimates for Project Mercury.

PROJECT MERCURY
(1) Examples of nonreimbursable items:
(a) Salaries of radar operators at existing stations.
(b) Range time usage, normally scheduled periods.
(c) Support personnel to Project Mercury, necessary sup-port, only other reimbursable support would not be provided by the Range except for Project Mercury requirements.
(1) Examples of reimbursable support:
(a) Total operating costs of new stations established for Project Mercury.
(b) Travel, transportation of things, per diem, and communications incurred on behalf of Atlantic Ocean ships.
(c) Port facility expenses for the Atlantic Ocean ship will be non-reimbursable since it will be used in support of Project Mercury as AFTIC (AMR) facilities already exist as common use support.
(2) Conflicts or inconsistencies in billings or any special cases which arise will be brought to the attention of the DOD representative on the Master Project Mercury staff for appropriate position for NASA.
(D) Budget estimates and financial administration: - (1) Two copies of the fiscal year 1960 and fiscal year 1961 financial plan for Project Mercury and two copies of the future budgeted estimates and financial plans will be submitted to NASA at the time of normal submission to Headquarters, USAF.
(1) This plan will be revised April 1, 1960 and again September 1, 1960 and the revised plan will be submitted to NASA through AFMTC (AMR) for review of format and content.
(2) NASA Space Task Group will issue the necessary instructions and will be the sole liaison-contracting agency in dealing with AFMTC (AMR) for the submission of monthly billings on S.F. 1080 showing actual costs incurred, directly to:

NASA - Space Task Group
Budget and Finance Office
Langley Field, Virginia

This document is effective immediately, but the provisions may be revised at any time based upon experience of the two organizations.

ROBERT R. GILBERT
Director of Project Mercury

DONALD W. YATES
Major General, USAF.
March 28, 1960.