The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Mercury, which was a space program operated by the United States in the 1960s. The text on the page provides details about the capsule checkout procedures and various operations involved in the program.

PROJECT MERCURY
In preparation for the flight of the first man-carrying capsule in the completion of this test, all onboard capsule data regarding equipment and telemetry are incorporated. A critical portion of the capsule checkout is performed in an altitude chamber which simulates the pressure integrity of the capsule. The capsule monitoring and recording system is also calibrated at this time.

One of the final hangat operations is an elaborate weight and balance check. Because the capsule gyroscopic stabilization is dependent upon the capsule center of gravity location, extreme care must be taken to ensure that the capsule weight and balance are precisely as prescribed.

Capsule checkout operations require a large quantity of complex ground checkout equipment. This gear must support capsule preflight, launch pad, and in-flight operations. Most of the monitoring and calibration equipment is contained in full-size simulated capsule check-out sites. Multiple connectors, remote controls, and heating elements are installed in a two-axis test fixture and a heating element is used to simulate all three axes at various rates and attitudes. Signals from the gyros, accelerometers, and various simulated flight sequences are recorded on strip charts in the trailer. Vibrations of the telemetry system are also made while the capsule is on the test fixture.

Concurrent with the capsule hangat checkout, the appropriate electrical, pneumatic, and numerous plumbing and electrical connections are accomplished. Functions of the environmental control equipment, the cabin pressure control equipment, the emergency destruct package, and the pressure integrity of the fuel and oxidizer tanks are also checked at this time.

Checks during mate of booster and capsule
In addition to the installation of mechanical compatibility, the installation of the capsule on the booster provides an opportunity to check the capsule-to-booster alignment and launch gantry. Figures 10 and 13 show the gantry arrangement and the sling used during capsule handling and checkout when the capsule is in the vertical position. During each phase of the operation, the capsule monitoring console is in the blockhouse. This support sale is on the launch-pad telemetry and becomes an integral with the capsule readiness telemetry, and beacons are energized simultaneously with other functions of the launch pad telemetry and beacons are energized simultaneously with other functions of the capsule monitoring consoles in the blockhouse and in the Mercury control center to monitor the pilot and capsule systems when the capsule readies for its intended flight.