The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text describing a UFO sighting and investigation.

ORIGINATING AGENCY
POST: Radar Squadron, Antigo
TO: AFSC AREA AIR DEFENSE COMMAND

9. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials or photographs, was specifically excluded in this investigation.

12. Upon request of Hq 5th Air Division, the undersigned conducted an inquiry into a reported landing of a UFO near Eagle River, Wisconsin, following is a summary of the information obtained:

13. About 1100 AM, 13 April 1961 the observer was standing in his kitchen when he noticed some unusual objects or vehicles, which he believed to be pavement or like jet bombers, which frequently overfly his house, but such vehicles. Sighting continued for several minutes as the observer watched from his kitchen window and saw a very bright light, like chrome, slowly moving up and down or hovering in the air. The light appeared to diminish entirely and he was standing about 10 or 15 feet away from his UPC. The UFO appeared to be stationary for a time, then suddenly it shot up into the air at tremendous speed and disappeared from sight.

14. A brush opened a trunk lid. The latch was about 3 feet by 6 feet and opened upward from the rim of the UFO. A man was standing in the doorway. The man told this witness that he was confused in identifying the object from the street outside his home. The man rushed up stairs, took off sweater and black tight fitting trousers with white stripes down each side.

15. The man expressed he could not see very well inside, however he observed what appeared to be three or four control panels, each about two feet square, with a white strip (which the man compared to the latch) seated at the center panel. with his back to the latch. A bright orange or red glow was seen inside the craft. The man had the impression the craft was about 25' long, 18' wide and 4' thick. There was no flame or exhaust and the craft made no sound, about the size of a medium station wagon and larger. These were described by the witness as silent and metallic in appearance. The object rose and hovered in an upright position, about 15 feet above the ground and then toot off silently into the air moving slowly at first and then shot out of sight to the northwest.

15. There was right switchable and a left switchable. The cables were black or solid round twisting like ordinary rope. The inside equipment was wrapped in a black, except for controls on the control panel. There was no illumination inside equipment.

15. The man at the hatch held a thermos like jug in his hand, which looked to be about 16 to 18 inches in capacity, and full of some bright chrome mixture, possibly to be the UFO. The same metal material was used inside the jug instead of glass. The man reached inside the jug by his hand and appeared to be filling something which he put inside the jug. He then took a paper towel, went to the atoms in his basement and rinsed the jug with water. He returned with the jug, turned it upside down and shook it, some dark grey material came out, runny and cold, like ordinary metal. The man in the hatch is turn handed the jug to this observer. These canes were warm. A sample of some of the material that came from the jug was obtained and weighed to be about 4 oz. and solid, not melted or pliable. When the observer returned the salute, he stepped back to the corner of the house and the hatch was closed manualy be the man who reached up and disappeared in the object.