There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Mercury document, containing text describing various aspects of the Mercury-Atlas missions.

PROJECT MERCURY
changed from a cobalt alloy to a nickel alloy. The material on the cylindrical parachute canister was changed from a cobalt alloy to 
Reach-abort flight
The first McDonnell production capsule was flown on a simulated off-the-pad abort trajectory at Wallops Island on May 9, 1960. The production capsule, mounted on a Atlas-type adapter with a booster, was vertical. The thrust eccentricity was set so as to carry the capsule toward the escape tower. The capsule tower, shown in figure 11, was erected approximately 32 seconds after initiation of the abort. The high thrust level of the escape rocket caused peak accelerations to be approximately 15g's as planned. The sequencing system worked as expected: the capsule attained a maximum altitude of over 3000 feet and the parachute system was successfully effected by helicopter.
Mercury-Atlas-2
The first Atlas-launched McDonnell capsule was flown July 29, 1960. The Atlas guidance system was programmed to cause the capsule to reenter along a trajectory which would cause maximum after-landing deceleration. The restoring would also result in maximum reentry deceleration. The primary objective of this test was to qualify the capsule structures and satisfactory heat dissipation. The flight progressed normally until approximately 1 minute after launch, at which time, a malfunction occurred in the retro-rocket pressurization and initiated tele-metry records until it impacted. Consequently, the sequencing system was not programmed to deploy the parachute after a malfunction which terminated the mission.  
Mercury-Atlas-2  
The second Mercury-Atlas, which was flown February 21, 1961, closely matched the desired trajectory. The flight was programmed to reenter the atmosphere at a shallow angle, and the flight proceeded according to plan until the capsule struck the water at 1.425 statute miles downrange, 13 miles short of the precomputed impact point. The postflight condition of the capsule showed that maximum temperatures measured on the shingles and ablation heat shield were lower than expected.  The Mercury-Atlas 3 booster, which carried the Friendship 7 capsule, was the first successful manned orbital flight.