There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY
672nd RADAR SQUADRON, ANTIGO
AF STATION, ANTIGO, WISCONSIN
1. Description of the object:
a. Shape - Like two (2) soup bowls placed together. Round, saucer-
shaped.
b. Size - Approximately 20 feet diameter and 12 feet thick at center, 
tapering to approximately 4 feet at rim.
c. Color - Brighter than chrome.
d. Number - One.
e. Formation, if more than one - N/A.
f. Any discernable features and details - Exhaust pipes 6" to 8" in 
diameter, spaced about one (1) foot apart equal spacing - some slightly curved. Appeared to be moving imperceptibly. Inside of exhaust 
pipes illuminated.
g. Tail, trail, or exhaust - None. Caused severe air turbulence when 
it appeared. Seen less than 10 minutes, disappeared instantly through
wind, but observer.
h. Sound - Sounded like snow tires on pavement at high speed, only 
more muted. Disappeared upon landing and replaced by electrical generator whine.
i. Other pertinent or unusual features - See narrative account at end.
2. Description of course of object:
a. What first called the attention of the observer to the object - The 
sound and the actual appearance of a flying saucer directly outside the 
window.
b. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance - Lifted 
to an altitude of 10,000 feet in approximately 4-5 degrees elevation.
c. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed - About 
45 degrees elevation and approximately 135 degrees from the house.
d. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object - Descended 
vertically when first observed. Hovered and descended in maneuvers described.
e. How did the object disappear? In about two seconds time to the south.
f. How long was the object visible? Approximately five minutes.
3. Other pertinent observations:
a. Statement as to optical aids - None.
b. If the sighting is made while aircraft, give type of aircraft.