The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document discussing "Project Mercury" and describing the pilot activities during flight. The text describes the capsule system, its various subsystems and controls, and the pilot's ability to manually operate the capsule. The text also mentions Shepard's flight in MR-3, the manual control system used, and his observations of the rate and attitude indicators during the flight.

PROJECT MERCURY
Pilot activities during flight
Although the capsule is only 6 feet in diameter and 10 feet high, it contains a complex array of subsystems and manual controls. The attitude system, for example, is a complete subsystem with many needles of operation available to the pilot. The control system consists of a manual system and an automatic system. The pilot can select the direct manual mode in which, by means of a hand-controller, he makes all the decisions for the attitude control of the capsule. He can select the automatic mode in which the valves in the hydrogen peroxide lines, controlled by a separate set of gyroscopes, are automatically operated valves which are controlled by a separate set of gyroscopes. This automatic system is used to maintain any gyroscopic rate gyros in the attitude position. The capsule can be manually flown on instruments and visual cues, and the pilot can uncage the attitude gyros in the automatic system thereby permitting full attention to ground and sky observations and to reporting the behavior of the various capsule systems. In all, the pilot can select any of 20 different modes for the capsule control system.
Also controllable by the pilot in a number of different modes are the retrograde, retrorocket, sustaining, booster, and recovery systems. In addition to these, he can manually actuate the normal automatic requirements such as escape rocket firing, drogue deployment, and main parachute deployment, with complete control over the capsule operations. A high degree of flexibility is afforded the pilot in his control and selection of the various capsule operations.
During Shepard's flight in MR-3, the manual control system was used. The capsule orientation, rate, and attitude indicators were monitored by Shepard and observing the rate and attitude gathering instruments. He reported that the actual angular acceleration experienced in the fixed-base simulators, which made acceleration imperceptible to the pilot, was equally low torques on the capsule. He felt that the actual angular acceleration motion cue, which made the capsule motion real to him, was somewhat lacking in the fixed-base simulators. Shepard's flight procedures demonstrated the capability of the pilot to manually control the capsule through the transonic speed range and continued until the maximum dynamic pressure was encountered. He felt that although his vision was somewhat blurred during this second-vibration period, he could have maintained control.