The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a typed document discussing "INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE".

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
was to last a short time, retaining its spherical shape by means of an internal pressure, this pressure being approximately two to three weeks after it was placed in orbit.
It is still essentially spherical. This is because the forces that tend to deform it are quite small and to which it can adapt itself. With the size that we are employing on this larger Echo II satellite is a good high quality communications satellite.
We think that some of the materials that can be folded for transporting into orbit and then stretched out pneumatically, set into shape, and then inflated to space structures, will again be accomplished in this manner with such materials as this.
We know as Mr. Loewy has mentioned, many materials in the very hard vacuum of space will evaporate. In the case of the samples that we have included we have a minimum loss on each side of the plane not even noticeable. By the peculiar nature of this selection of our plastic materials we find that the plastic not evaporate as was called by the sudden change in the plastic materials select those which have large molecules and by the treatment of polymerization, make the molecular sections have high stability under the polymerization process. The importance of that is this: the material encapsulation in gases such as a vapor pressure is evaporated. The larger the molecule we employ, the lower the vapor pressure at. By this process of polymerization we can produce molecules not of the ordinary size that we encounter in their vapor pressure becomes so fantastically low that we do not have much that is lost by evaporation. 
To protect against ultraviolet radiation we have run tests which tell us that by employing a very thin metallic coating over our materials, we can shut out the ultraviolet radiation. We have subjected polymers to a radiation under will produce hours for hours period of some years and the end there are still in time and become somewhat unbiblical. By the simple process of putting this material to work we can achieve this.
With regard to the problem of thermal balance, we have in our research discovered that we can but housing, conditions on this material which are so thin that they have the thickness of only a few molecules. What we can learn by this process and if the molecules of the material that we wish can hold their shape and form the thermal balance of our satellites or space stations so that which will not be too hot nor too cold, and this materials will survive in space. Virtually indefinitely.
There are a number of other problems that we have found solutions to improve facilities of the NASA and the basic ideas of how to build space stations or satellites that we have been able to discover. We have been compelled to call on industry to follow out the exploration of these ideas, and recently we placed a