The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of an old document, likely a report from Project Blue Book, the US Air Force's investigation of UFO sightings.

LIFE and its Maa. : '~SZODT to EDITOR : Oct. 13, 1961 :

I am writing as a citizen interested in a matter that seems to be of great public importance. During the last few years, there nave been a number of unidentified flying objects seen in this area which have attracted a great deal of attention.
The objects are variously described as being circular, elliptical, or triangular in shape, and of various sizes. Reports indicate that they have been observed at altitudes ranging from ground level to several thousand feet, and at speeds from hovering to many hundreds of miles per hour. 
The observers, who include both military and civilian personnel, have described the objects as silent, lacking any visible means of propulsion, and under intelligent control. Some have reported seeing lights or "portholes" on the objects.
My purpose in writing this letter is not to present a theory as to the nature of these phenomena, but to suggest that an investigation of them by competent authorities would be in the public interest. Apparently the Air Force has been reluctant to pursue this matter vigorously, and I feel that more thorough and comprehensive inquiry would lead to knowledge that would be of great scientific value.
I called the 'record he to and was told that there has been some 25 e calls during the past two years from this area reporting sightings of unidentified flying objects. The persons reporting these sightings include a number of apparently responsible citizens who are well known in the community.
I believe with an interest in what has become a matter of national significance, as evidenced by the increasing reports from all parts of the country, that an official investigation at this time is warranted. It seems to me that the lack of follow through on the part of the authorities at a time when public interest is so high, is a reflection on the government's handling of this problem. I feel that this matter should receive more attention that it has up to now, and that the findings of a serious inquiry could produce results beneficial to scientific knowledge.