The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document titled "INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE" that discusses the comparative cost of passive communication satellites.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
(The information requested is as follows:)
The question was asked for the comparative cost of a 25 to 30 passive communication satellite with a spherical structure to a system incorporated a number of active to satellite with spherical structures. The Rand Corp. under contract NASr-21, a copy of which is attached, has engaged in a study of active and passive satellite systems. The purpose of this study is to determine the practical and economic benefits and the cost consideration related to satellite communications systems. When the information developed we shall be happy to make it available.

ECONOMIC AND TECHNICAL STUDIES ON COMMUNICATION SATELLITES FOR THE SPACE PROGRAM
FOR THE PERIOD MARCH 30, 1960 TO MARCH 30, 1961
The satellite communication study was carried out during the past year. It is expected that the study of passive systems can be essentially completed during the fiscal year ending 30 June 1961.
We expect, however, that during the course of these studies other technical questions will arise which may require additional effort beyond that presently planned. We propose that study of such problems be undertaken when deemed desirable.
1. Passive Systems
A definitive parametric study of these systems containing spherical reflectors will be made to establish their economic potential. The main variables are: useful lifetime of the reflectors, size of reflectors and the number of reflectors required. Therefore, at first, it will be necessary to assign a range of reasonable lifetimes for the reflectors. And this study, in turn, will determine the area and number of reflectors required. Consideration will also be given to reflector shapes other than spherical configuration that may reduce the volume and weight of the system.
Other parameters to be considered are the capacity of the system, the circuit outages in terms of total fractional outage time, and finally the thermal and radiation effects. Other important factors are the required boost and injection needed (desired to be large), outage time, and the number of launchers required to place the satellites in orbit. The satellites should be placed widely enough apart to avoid mutual interference.
As a consequence, it will be necessary to make studies on the locations relative to the poles. As a consequence, it will be necessary to make studies on the number of satellites required and the constraints, if any, on the pattern of their distribution.
At present the state of the art of high reflective coatings and the expected power levels indicate the feasibility of this approach. This raises the question whether in this operational system the spherical configuration will be essential or whether planar structures may be adequate. These effects and optimum configurations will be studied to determine implications on the size and weight of the satellite structure.
For the same antenna size, receiver temperature and transmitter power at the ground station, the expected mutual interference between individual satellites will be determined. However, in a passive system the number of participating ground stations and active systems when the number of participating stations becomes large, the feasibility if the approach will be examined as part of the passive satellite study.