The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, discussing "Inflatable Structures in Space".

MR. O'SULLIVAN: I think in Echo II, on the basis of our tests of Echo I, we will be able to perform what would class as the initial steps in selection communications by means of the Echo II satellite.
MR. KARTLI: What would that attitude be?
MR. O'SULLIVAN: We have in mind an attitude of approximately 700 miles.
MR. KARTLI: We have capable boosters, we have boosters capable of achieving this right now.
MR. O'SULLIVAN: We tentatively have scheduled for the launching the Echo B vehicle.
MR. O'SULLIVAN: We tentatively have scheduled for the orbital launching the Echo B vehicle.
MR. KARTLI: Thank you.
MR. O'SULLIVAN: Further questions?
MR. KARTLI: I'm interested to Echo I and what you have said about the debris that is in outer space that might puncture a vehicle. How long will Echo I withstand that?
MR. O'SULLIVAN: No. Echo I I will not disintegrate in orbit. It is designed to withstand that. We have tested it and we know that we could do what we thought was theoretically possible, namely, send a signal from the surface of the Earth up through the ionosphere to a satellite in space, reflect it off of this satellite, back through the ionosphere, and have a signal which did not fade out, did not undergo polarization or have other things happen to it which would destroy the usefulness, the deliverability of the information.
As such, it was designed only to last in orbit a sufficient length of time to accomplish this research objective. As such, it was not designed as a permanent satellite but one that was held spherical and a good reflector of radio signals. We calculate it was impacted each day due to the micrometeorites that impinge upon it. This caused the loss of its internal gas that helped it maintain its spherical shape nicely for a period of about 2 weeks.
You mentioned that with Echo II is the building and verifying that it is not dependent on the retention of its internal pressure for maintaining itself as a good reflector of radio signals. We think that Echo II, on the basis of our present knowledge, should have the capability of lasting in space for a period of between 5 and 10 years.
The reason for not using a higher orbit is because we would have to employ a much larger satellite than 135 feet in diameter if we were to conduct reliable-exploratory television communication with a spacecraft. This will bring it down sooner than any 5 to 10 years.
If we were to put the Echo II into an orbit, say, as high as 2 to 3 hundred miles, it would tend to endure a little longer.