The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document titled "PROJECT MERCURY" that describes the flight safety review board and the procedures for the launch countdown of a Mercury mission.

PROJECT MERCURY
Flight safety review board
The flight safety review board will convene and evaluate the records of the hardware vehicles and capsule tests. At this time, any difficulties which occurred during booster and capsule checkout will be discussed and noted. Items which must be resolved prior to launch will be acted upon. Representatives of the launch vehicle contractors, the capsule contractor, the astronauts and other NASA operations personnel.
Prelaunch countdown
The prelaunch countdown is divided into two parts: the first portion starting 30 hours prior to launch and continuing for 15 hours. The final portion begins the following midnight and continues until the scheduled launch time of 7 a.m. This split count arrangement allows the launch vehicle to be test pressed in the midst of a long countdown.
During the first 15-hour period, detailed capsule systems checks will be accomplished from the countdown schedule. In the network of communications and tracking stations is alerted and communications, and the command radio frequency equipment are checked out. Seven hours prior to launch, the countdown is held at the T-minus 4 hour point. Final vehicle and capsule checks are made, propellants are brought to flight ready condition, and the "go" for launch is given. At the T-minus 4 hour mark the countdown continues to lift-off.
Mercury control center
Overall control of the Mercury missions is conducted from the Mercury control center at Cape Canaveral. This control center serves as a telemetry receiving station: the large dish-shaped antenna receives telemetric information from the capsule subsystems. The primary function of the center is to actively control the flight of the Mercury mission. The operations director is in charge of the mission and also serves as a chairman of the flight safety review board. The flight director who actively participates in the countdown coordinates the input from the systems controllers, and is responsible for making the decision to abort the mission if a malfunction should occur.