There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a typed text document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text produced through OCR is as follows:

"terrestrial or celestial objects seen under unusual meteorological conditions, such as those that produce mirages, which can distort, displace, and animate objects seen visually or by radar under special conditions. some thoroughly understood (mirages) and some poorly understood (as ball lightning) can easily cause even an experienced observer to ascribe the light he sees to a tangible, nearby, self-propelled object, obviously unidentified.

Indeed, it is not at all surprising that, with so many more people turning their attention skyward, many experience an aerial phenomenon they cannot readily explain. Initial experiences with unusual events have often challenged scientifically trained men.

Virtually all the reports received by the Air Force have been highly subjective, lacking such objective data as pictures, material fragments, spectroscopic analysis of lights seen, or precise technical data on trajectories, distances, accelerations, etc. As the course of investigation, over the years, of subjective reports often containing emotionally charged impressions, progressed it became clear that the majority of reports could be correlated with the appearance of aircraft, birds, celestial objects, balloons, etc., under special conditions. 

As the experience of the Air Force in the analysis of UFO reports grew, the percentage of unexplained cases fell from more than 10% to as little as 2 or 3%. It is readily admitted that this small residue as reported defies logical explanation. For none of the extraordinary "unknowns," however, has there been scientific data on which to base a valid, definitive investigation.

The early difficulties in coming to grips with the successive waves of sightings, coupled with concern that UFO reports, often made by pilots, might constitute a threat to the national security (and the consequent, and unfortunate, secrecy and confusion that this has sometimes entailed), have slowly been overcome."