The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

Fort Worth 10, Texas
July 22d, 1961
5:15 P.M.

Aerospace Tech Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear sirs:

It was only recently that I saw your address mentioned in a magazine. I wish to report four sightings I've made this year.

The first one occurred on the night of February 12th, 1961. My family was just returning from an out-of-town trip and as we were driving along I-20 there was a bright light in the sky which was dark but with a bright light around it. I was sitting in the front seat of the car when I noticed the UFO. As soon as I looked through (continued) the windshield I didn't see any body behind it. It moved from left to right and once climbing straight up, it became smaller and smaller until it disappeared. The object appeared behind the scenery. I watched it for approximately one minute.

I don't remember the date of the next sighting, but these are the details: In the early evening, between 7 and 8 o'clock, I was driving home from work and saw a bright light in the sky. I stopped the car and I watched it for about 5 or 10 minutes. It was hovering and then it started moving in a straight line. It stayed in the same spot and then it moved away. I didn't see any form or shape, just a bright light.

The third sighting I remember well. It occurred on the last day of June, 1961. I was looking at the sky at 11:05 P.M. I saw a bright light which was motionless. It seemed to grow smaller and then larger again. I spotted an object which had two red lights on it. They were flashing alternately. I spotted it in the northwest and it seemed to be traveling from east to west. Its altitude did not seem to be very high, and it was traveling at a high rate of speed. I spent most of the time trying to make out its shape and details, but I couldn't. I tried to call the Air Force Base, but I couldn't raise them on the phone. The object disappeared from view.

My last sighting was on June 21st, 1961. I was outside in the back yard looking skyward when I noticed a light which at first thought to be an airplane, but it later gave the impression of a solid object. It remained stationary for some time and then suddenly took off at a high rate of speed and disappeared.

I would appreciate your acknowledging this letter and any comments or information you may have on these sightings.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]