There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document from the Project Blue Book investigation of a reported UFO sighting over Amityville, New York on December 15th, 1961.

WILLIAM J. KAY
SUBJECT: Report of Unknown Object over Amityville L.I.
TO  : Major Hammond, USAF
FROM: 9:40 AM December 19th, 1961

1. About 9:30 PM Friday, December 15th, 1961, the three following named boys appeared at my Hq., reporting sighting of unknown object over Amityville, and also prepared the enclosed map:
(a) [redacted], Amityville, N.Y.
(b) [redacted], Amityville, N.Y.
(c) [redacted], Unk.

They reported that at about 10:45 PM the night of Thursday, December 14th, 1961, the three boys sighted an enormous lighted object in the sky over Amityville, which they judged to be about 2000 feet in the air. They described it as a large light in the sky, just beyond a large building, formerly the Herald Tribune Press Bldg., going due west.

3. Following herewith find report submitted by [redacted]. I couldn't explain it either, so we turned around and went to Point C, to observe it better. Hovering just in the air over the bay.
At point C, it travelled at an enormous rate of speed. By the time we reached Point G - it travelled from X to Y in a matter of only a few seconds. We ran from E to B. Here, Object dropped down towards us and hovered at X. We were at B (2) and heard a sound that would send chills up and down your back.
Object turned now and we saw it perfectly shaped object (strange sound, similar to a high pitched turbo whine sound up and down), this light was so bright it would almost blind you and extinguish all other lights in the area. As it lifted up the entire cloud area around it. Within 2-3 seconds, the thing disappeared heading south. Strange sounds continued. Sound stopped a short time later.

4. Investigation of these boys verified by Officer, Assistant Principal High School. They have never before been involved with Air Intelligence unit or any other official agencies. They volunteered this story to me, as they don't think the boys tried to make things up.
When they reported to Ho on December 15th, 1961, they were equipped with a camera and a pair of binoculars, and were dressed in warm clothing. They stated that they attempted to take pictures of the area again, heading for the sound, but could not locate the object again. They have not heard of this since.