15 June 1961

Dear Dr. Hanel:

Forgive my delay in reply to your correspondence. This time of year finds me going in circles in order to accomplish my annual high examinations, attendance at Jet Instrument School, special examinations and completion of Combat Readiness Training Missions. Worth, I'm somewhat way head just barely above the level of the lake.

Bob Friend and I are discussing your requests and he is working on them. I have forwarded your clippings to him for comment with the request that he call them direct to you. I read the material along with Don Panoz here in D.C. Spiederman. We all agreed very ably. As to the book on "How to Write a Technical Paper", Spiederman is doing a piece to appear in several publications on the subject of writing. Any book will be covered in this piece. It is scheduled for September/October to coincide with the beginning school year (i.e., M. University, colleges, etc.)

We've had an interesting case here the past several days. The original UFO report is attached (encl. #1). I called on this gentle-man and joined him one evening to see this "strange sight." An over-cast sky prevented our seeing the object which he claimed had been observed for the previous two weeks. This was about a week ago. Last night was clear and I drove out onto my ratio with fixed glasses (7x50) and a small reflector (50)...corrected...protractor for altitude. At 1955EDT I started my vigil. Nothing...2200....see it. Azimuth 300 degrees...altitude 27 degrees...stationary...magnitude greater than Venus...size of Venus. My phone rings...it is by Friend above calling to say he'll be to look. I have my son answer the phone to tell him I will call back. My neighbors come over. There's wild speculation. I tell them to sit tight (you can see this very well with the naked eye)... will see one period in a few moments. It is quite obviously a radio-sonde balloon lifted. At 2012 it bursts in a glorious fashion for all to see. I chalked my reference lines...refined the azimuth and altitude for accuracy. I pinpointed my longitude and latitude...when charged for the telephone. I called the U.S. Weather Bureau at Arlington. Yes, they had launched a radiosonde a little after 1200 EDT. Yes, the balloon burst precisely at 2012. We compared position, azimuth and altitude. We matched. I called my "Friend." "I immediately told me that he saw "that old balloon..." This wasn't what he had been seeing for the past few nights. You see, Donald, tonight for the first time he had looked at the object through a 117 refractor. Previously, he had only looked through binoculars and a spotting scope.