There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document that contains text discussing inflatable structures in space.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
The attached photographs pictorially illustrate a NASA/Langley Research Center conceptual design of an inflatable space station. The pictures in question were part of a proposal for a flexible space station which the Research Center feels could incorporate the best advantages of each inflatable segment. This combination incorporates the best advantages of each concept. The use of inflatable segments in the construction of space station modules has been considered because of the need to compress the rigid sections to a ready-to-use condition in a matter of minutes for the transportation to the orbital storage which will be required by the launch vehicle.

The CHAIRMAN: That was a great achievement. I think the people of Northfield should feel justified pride in their contribution to this man's happy success, and you have this morning, and we will give your statement our careful consideration.

Mr. LOFTIN: I do not have a prepared statement. I am sure you came up to testify on this subject. So I am sure you are familiar with Mr. Loftin. I did not have any further statement to make.

The CHAIRMAN: The committee placed its request with NASA six days before this meeting.

STATEMENT OF L.K. LOFTIN, JR., TECHNICAL ASSISTANT TO THE DIRECTOR OF LANGLEY RESEARCH CENTER, NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
Mr. LOFTIN: In speaking of inflatable structures, I think it might be appropriate first to point out what it is we should be interested in these things, anyway.
Basically, there are two reasons: 
First, it takes many pounds of propellant to put one pound of payload in orbit. We all know this. That nothing we can do makes the payload light is all to the good. 
Further reason, which is perhaps not quite so well understood, is that inflatable reasons, perhaps not quite so well understood, is that inflatable structures, which are large in volume, such as a space station, are difficult to have a craft in orbit which is large in volume, such as a space station.