The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document discussing "Inflatable Structures in Space" as part of Project Blue Book.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

I will have to decline from accepting your invitation to stay with you this morning, since our Education and Labor Committee is meeting and we have some important commitments this morning as well. 

In Minnesota and in my congressional district we are indeed proud of the work that is being done by our company in Northfield. So often out in the Midwest and I come from little farming communities and I have to Northfield, Minn. -- we tend to think of space exploration that is being done some distance away, a long way away, and people have wondered if the work would go over that people have accomplished in Northfield, Minn., I can assure you that it has played such an important part in the community. The community is really enthused about what is being done. They feel the old pioneer spirit and that sort of thing. America; these people, no matter what their job is, in my opinion, are enthusiastic about the work being done.

As we read of this person, Commander Shepard - people had kind of lost faith would be renewed their faith in themselves. I think if you could come out there and see that company, too, you would feel inadequate, speaking here upon such a technical subject, because I would surely feel inadequate after listening to some of the other men like Mr. O'Sullivan, whom I have heard so much about, not only read about, since Mr. Schejdahl speaks of him in glowing terms.

At this time, I would like to include in the testimony a statement by Mr. G. T. Schejdahl - the head of the G. T. Schejdahl Co.:

DESCRIPTION AND INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
By G. T. Schejdahl Co., Northfield, Minn., May 24, 1961

Having already ventured briefly into space, man is developing a host of vehicles and techniques broadly adapted and designed to take him beyond this Earth residence. The inflatable structures and rigid space capsules will of course play the major role in helping man leave this Earth for parts unknown.

The development of inflatable space structures is turning his attention to the same spectacular device that enabled his predecessors to leave the ground some two centuries ago - the balloon and its modern counterparts, the inflatable module.

THE INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IS ALREADY IN ORBIT

On August 12, 1960, a 100-foot diameter inflatable satellite was placed into the heavens - the largest volume satellite ever thrust into orbit. Echo I, the 100-foot diameter balloon was designed, fabricated and manufactured by the G. T. Schejdahl Co. of Northfield, Minn. for use as a passive communications vehicle. Echo I is still in orbit - a visible symbol of American creativity for all the world to see.

The Schejdahl Co. is already at work on other space inflatable. These articles, concluded by NASA, Langley Research Center, and Project Echo, in which several inflatable satellites will be launched into orbit from a single rocket carrier.