The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document describing a reported UFO sighting.

Text output:

ready for spring planting. Two tractors were employed was in the leAd tractor with following a safe distance behind. It had started out overcast, but about 9:30 or 10:00 the clouds cleared away and the moonlight was then sufficient to/their plowing by. The tractors had lights nonetheless. One starts plowing a field apparently by starting in one end and going around in over decreasing .circles" until you end at the middle. They were well inJward the center of the field where I, the lead, noticed a bright light in the southwest. I took pictures later of the area of the sky and the telephone poles used as marker sighters from the approximate position the tractors had at the time of the sighting. waited and the man following behind saw the stop his tractor and pulled up alongside. This operation taking, apparently, less than a minute. With tractor going/ill going" stopped over to calling his attention the bright light. had pulled over to the left which caused him to have to look over his shoulder to see the light. Both agreed that the light was stationary, exceedingly bright and white. looked and turned around and called back to say that that was undoubtedly Venus. told me that ever since, a child he had had an interest in astronomy and on hiking trips waking up early in the morning he would see Venus in the sky. Venus. At this point they say down the tractors and a cigarette. They are not absolutely certain they lit a cigarette at this time but they found themselves with . cigarettes after the sighting was over, so presumably lighted them just about that time. had just looked again at the white light, turned back tossed back and in a short instant looked back toward the light. In that short interval the light had broken up into numerous (8 to a dozen, they couldn't agree) other white lights, clustering about the main white light. These lights faded in and out with no apparent periodicity or pattern. They did not go completely out but while one dimmed and brightened three or four times another one might have dimmed only once. The lights were clustered close together and indicated that in the spaces between the lights there would have been only enough room to fit at most one other light. This cluster of lights then moved from an elevation of about 35* and azimuth 230, in essentially a straight line to an elevation of about 20* almost directly in the east.