The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Harvard College Observatory in Cambridge, Massachusetts dated July 13, 1961. The text of the document is as follows:

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
CAMBRIDGE 38, MASSACHUSETTS

July 13, 1961

Maj. William T. Coleman
SAFDI-3
Room 4D-922
The Pentagon 
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Bill:

On my return from the western swing I find a sizeable amount of accumulated material. I want to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to you and Colonel Dewey for the material, including the suggestions for improving our chapters. Many thanks to all of you.

Now, for the highlights of my trip. On July 7th, while driving on Highway 54 from El Paso, Texas to Alamogordo, New Mexico, and I was in the vicinity of the little town of Dexter, having just turned west where the road meets the one coming from Las Cruces and Roswell, New Mexico. The sun was setting and the sky was turning into a deep dark blue and getting dark towards the west. It had clearly been raining in the mountains and heavy dust storms had forced me to reduce my speed on the highway. I was suddenly startled to see a V-shaped formation of flying saucers heading eastward directly toward me. They appeared to be slightly below cloud level. They approached me rapidly and suddenly seemed to drop in on me. I then realized that they were merely a grouping of familiar (birds) having apparently been startled by my car and the highway and having taken flight, the "formation" being something less than two hundred feet over head. The wind blow was caused by their movement.

Mrs. Boyd and I have been struggling to interpret the famous Randle Clay South Dakota case of 12 August, 1953. The report has so many features that are suggestive of the mirage of a star, that we have strongly leaned to the interpretation. The bright star, Capella, which happens to be the same star - Rapid City, was indeed very close to the horizon, just east of north. We do not have very definitive information on the total duration of the sighting. If you have any additional material that you could send us, in view of the importance that the UFO boys attach to this sighting, in particular, we should like to know what is the radio astronomical evidence, if any, of the quality and what was the frequency. The weather record indicate a cold front was approaching the area at that time.