The image contains two maps. The larger map depicts the position of Jupiter in the night sky, indicating that Jupiter is nearly 20 times as bright as a first magnitude star in September. The smaller map shows the relative positions and brightness of various stars and celestial objects in the northeast portion of the sky. There are no photographs present in this document.

ASTRONOMY
SCIENCE NEWS LETTER FOR AUGUST 26, 1961

Jupiter Dazzles the Eye

Jupiter is nearly 20 times as bright as a first magnitude star in September. Seen in Sagittarius, the archer, it stands in the middle, next to Saturn.

Italian astronomers report Galileo Galilei
noticed its great brightness centuries ago. He
thought, at first, that it was a fixed star, but soon
discovered it was a planet. It was one of the first
to be found revolving around the Sun, like the
Earth.

Jupiter is the largest of the planets and five
times as large as the Earth. Its glare is surpassed
only by the Sun and Moon. The planet reflects light
rather well and this adds to its brilliance.

Careful observers can, at certain times, make
out the four Galilean satellites, the large moons
named after the Italian astronomer. At this time
they appear as tiny pinpricks of light, strung out
on either side of the giant planet. Binoculars will
bring them into better view.

Celestial Stands Low in Northeast

Around this time of year, the constellations of the northern sky have reached their lowest point for the night. Arcturus, the bright orange star in Bootes, the herdsman, and Vega, a first magnitude star marking the head of the small constellation Lyra, the harp, have dropped to within a few degrees of the northeast horizon at their lowest point.

And low in the north in Pegasus, the winged horse, is the Square, one of the most conspicuous star groupings in the sky. To the west, two other first magnitude stars, Altair and Deneb, are setting lower, completing the diamond figure which is so frequently seen in mid-autumn skies.

SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS