The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury report, describing the procedures and details of the Mercury operating process and astronaut program. The text has been successfully extracted below:

PROJECT MERCURY
67
If a "go" decision at insertion is made, the capsule is committed to
the completion of at least one orbit before a landing in a planned area
possible. Planned recovery areas shown around the planned landing spots are based on the rocket firing points for landing in these three areas are located approximately 300 miles off the coast of the United States. After
passing the retrograde points for area six, approximately 70 minutes
of re-entry flight time elapsed, the retrograde point for area seven is
reached. Approximately 90 minutes of flight time elapsed in passing
from the retrograde recover point to the landing point in area seven.
Backup and redundant systems have been provided for all basic
capsule systems such that the probability of malfunction occurring
in any one system is extremely remote, and the safeguards provided
will be to terminate the mission and bring the capsule down as soon as
possible. Procedures for recovery in a low-probability contingency area are also provided. In
addition to the recovery factors in the Atlantic Ocean several standby
ships and aircraft stationed under the orbital flight paths will be
available for possible contingency operations.
ASTRONAUT PROGRAM
The seven Mercury pilots participated in numerous training activities during the past year. They also helped to establish many of the
Mercury operating procedures and subsystems design details. Each
astronaut received his designation as a "prime" or "back-up" pilot.
All astronauts interested in the program were given extensive medical
examinations. Those found to be physically qualified will be chosen for manned flight. The astronaut biographies were prepared Hound Report No. 1225.
Flight Simulators
To familiarize the pilots with the capsule and the various normal
and emergency operational aspects of the Mercury flight, the following simulators and facilities were utilized during the past
year:
1. Procedure trainers,- McDonnell has provided two procedure
trainers for this purpose. These trainers are identical to that of the capsule. The displays within the capsule including the pilot's flight controls are located at the space task group and is used to familiarize the astronauts with the capsule operation. It is also used in conjunction with a remote network station console to provide training for
the telemetry systems and associated monitors. The second trainer is located at the McDonnell plant and at various times has been utilised for the training with the control and the flight controller at the Goddard Computing Center. It also aids in the design and the trajectory display equipment at the Mercury control center. Figure 25 shows the instructor's console for the procedure trainer and the astronauts' capsule simulator in the background.