There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a Project MERCURY document that describes the Johnsville centrifuge, including details about the training sessions, flight control procedures, and the use of the MX-2155 multi-channel simulator for pilot indoctrination.

PROJECT MERCURY
69
2. Johnsville centrifuge.--The Navy centrifuge at Johnsville, Pa., has also been used to enable pilots to undergo training sessions at this facility; the last session was in October of 1959. The procedure provided an opportunity for pilots to exercise in flight control procedures while experiencing artificial atmosphere and flight conditions. Statistics showed that during some of the previous individual weight sessions the centrifuge gondola's acceleration reached 9 g's. A photograph of this facility is shown in figure 28 and the closeup of the gondola is shown in figure 29.
3. Pensacola trainer.--The pilots have had three opportunities to participate in weightlessness programs. Air Force pilots, MATS pilots, and F-100F aircraft were used. The parabolic fight technique is utilized to achieve this "zero-gravity" performance. Astronauts, after successful flights, experienced 5 minutes of weightlessness during the MR-3 flight. No adverse effects were observed.
4. MX-2155 multi-channel simulator.--The multipurpose simulator at the NASA Lewis Research Center was used for pilot indoctrination at high values of angular acceleration and rotation. This facility was designed to produce all three semistress conditions (G, fatigue, atmosphere) to stop the rotations. The pilots successfully maintained orientation far in excess of any which will be encountered in Project Mercury. A picture of this facility is shown in figure 30.
5. Escape training.--Although the pilot would normally stay within the capsule until rescue could be effected, such a decision might be desirable to facilitate rapid escape, in the event of high temperature punctures or veiling the escape system was not functioning properly. To accomplish escape training under realistic conditions, a Mark V pressure capsule was manufactured by McDonnell Aircraft Corporation. This model simulates the actual configuration of the pressure capsule of the flight version and affords the same degree of escape restriction. The pilot must partially don his restraint harness, communications, oxygen lines, and parachute, and then is fitted into the capsule. He then inflates his life-raft and ties it to the capsule to maintain the continuity of the recovery beacon. A photograph of one of the pilot-emerging from the pressure capsule is shown in figure 31.
For normal helicopter recovery, a procedure has been developed wherein under a controlled atmosphere, the recovery vehicles are lifted over the side hatch. The pilot then crawls through the side hatch into the sling and is lifted into the helicopter. This is the procedure that was used after Alan B. Shepard's Red-Cap flight.
Under emergency conditions, a much more rapid egress is possible through the capsule's side hatch.