This page does not contain any photographs. The text appears to be a technical report or document related to the Project Mercury program.

PROJECT MERCURY
was installed to reduce the capsule connections in the weld joint immediately below the adapter attachment flange. The adapter was also strengthened by the addition of circumferential rings. Figure 12 shows the static test firing of the booster at Cape Canaveral.
Mercury-Atlas-3, which had been scheduled as an orbital flight, was launched April 25, 1961, because of a failure in the Atlas autopilot programmer, the booster roll and pitch program was actuated and the secondary guidance system was used. The capsule main deceleration system was initiated, and concurrently initiated the capsule abort sequence. An automatic capsule abort occurred at 14,000-feet altitude. The capsule impact occurred 47 miles offshore. All capsule systems appeared to work satisfactorily. The capsule was recovered in good condition and landed 600 feet offshore. 
Mercury-Redstone-3
The Redstone launch vehicle shown in figure 13 is used as an intermediate range test vehicle in the Mercury program. The first Mercury-Redstone flight, designated MR-3, was conducted on May 5, 1961. This flight was successful in every respect. The MR-1 capsule reached a peak altitude of 135 miles, a range of 260 miles, and a maximum velocity of 5,000 gravity. The flight was successful, the airframe and recovery equipment functioned properly. The capsule was successfully recovered and returned in good condition.
The purpose of the Redstone flights is to qualify the capsules during short-range ballistic flights. Manned Redstone flights will be accomplished after a series of unmanned flights when capsule systems have proven sufficiently reliable. The Redstone flights will provide an excellent opportunity to fully qualify the retrorocket system and qualify the boost protection system. These flights will also serve to develop pilot procedures and ground control procedures which can be used in the orbital flights.
Mercury-Redstone-2
The second Mercury-Redstone was successfully flown January 31, 1961. Because the booster engine operated at higher than normal thrust, the Redstone burned at a higher velocity than planned. Engine fuel depletion, which occurred 18 seconds before normal burnout, triggered the booster automatic abort sensing system approximately 16 miles further downrange than expected. The resultant high capsule velocity produced an apogee of 156 statute miles at a range of 425 miles. The capsule experienced 6.5-minutes duration at zero-gravity and encountered accelerations of 17g and 14.1g, respectively.