The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from the "Periscope" section of a magazine or newspaper, with various news and commentary items.

STATE DEPARTMENT -- Behind-the-scenes activity is building up interest in the New York headquarters building of his No. 2 man, Chester Bowles. Rusk is keeping an eye on the recalcitrant Bowles, persistent in his pet ideas that Rusk sometimes hasn't even seen.
NEW YORK CITY -- Putting sergeants into high posts on the New Frontier has played hell with the inner city Negroes' expectations for Negro advancement. Former NAACP heavyweight Clarence Mitchell (housing chief) went a powerful bit of his top legal moves against the NAACP bears it may lose a lot more in the wake of this school-integration case before the Supreme Court is in the running for a Federal judgeship.
HOUSE CLOAK ROOM -- Flying saucers are back. A special three-man House group will soon get down to serious studies and official reports (which have scoffed at such theories that they come from outer space).
GETTYSBURG, PA. -- Public speculation to the contrary, Ike's intimates insist the former President is giving no consideration to proposing that the GOP National Committee make him the party's nominee for Governor of Pennsylvania. "He'll remain active in public affairs as a Republican leader," says one friend, "but he won't go through another campaign undressings and recriminations."
"BEST NEWS" - The aircraft carrier Enterprise, due to put to sea in December, may have plans to be a ship without atomic power plants, the huge ship will be kept out of many harbors by the Navy's own safety rules to be used more for patrol or use secondary ports.
NASHVILLE, TENN -- Here's the story behind the anti-segregation suit filed by the NAACP in Nashville to halt its new school plan: a new and fiendishly ingenious weapon being tested by the Navy. It involves a delayed-action liquid explosive secreted in the city's bus transfer boxes where it is touched off by oxygen from the air, it blows up with a terrific force.