The image does not contain any photographs. It is text-based and appears to be an excerpt from a document about unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text discusses the military term "unidentified flying objects" and how UFO sightings have become a frequent phenomenon since 1947, leading to numerous reports through official and unofficial channels. The text also mentions that many reported sightings are not made through official channels but rather to newspapers and civilian groups, suggesting that the rate of observations may be higher than officially recorded.

Unidentified Flying Objects - UFO's 

As a term in military parlance, means any air-borne object, usually aircraft, which fails to identify itself to, or to be identified by, trained ground or air-borne visual or radar crews. In such cases it is the duty of the U. S. Air Force, charged with the protection of the nation from the air, to secure identification of the UFO and to take appropriate action.

Since 1947, owing to a sequence of bizarre circumstances, UFO has become an omnibus term connoting any object or optical phenomenon, usually aerial, which the observer cannot readily explain. Lacking scientific or technical training, a witness may ascribe unwarranted properties and origin to the UFO. "UFO" is frequently used interchangeably with "flying saucer," a term coined in 1947 as a result of a reported sighting by a civilian pilot, Kenneth Arnold, of a series of disc-like objects which reportedly glowed about the mountain ridges in the vicinity of Mt. Rainier. This prototype sighting was followed by a wave of reports of unidentified objects of various types (colors, shapes, maneuvers) by observers in various parts of the U.S.A. and in other countries also.

Since then, many such reports of sightings have been made through official channels to the Air Force, which holds the responsibility for the identification of UFO's. Observations have generally occurred in waves, but on the average, since 1947, they have numbered better than one a day. If one notes that many reported sightings are not made through official channels, but to newspapers and to civilian groups interested in the phenomena of UFO's, it can be estimated that the rate of observations may be as high as two or three a day in this country, over a period of a dozen years. France, Italy, England and a number of Latin American countries have also experienced minor waves of UFO reports.