There is no photograph present in this image. The image is a scanned page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book document.

TD-6 (TD-15/Major Friend/vv/692.16) 
Congressional Committee Staff Member Visit
20 AUG 1961

1. Mr. Richard F. Hines, staff member of the House Science and Astronautics Committee (Congressional Committee), visited ATIC on 14 and 15 August 1961. The purpose of Mr. Hines' visit was to gather background information on the Project Blue Book (UFO) program.

2. Project Blue Book (UFO) has been an active Air Force project since 1947. The data being collected is to determine (a) if unidentified flying objects are a threat to the security of the United States, (b) if the many sightings can be explained, (c) if the project should be continued or concluded. The directives which are sponsoring the project were issued in September 1952 and JANAP 146, dated February 1958, requires analysis and evaluation of reports regarding UFO's. The office of the Secretary of the Air Force is responsible for conducting the project. The office of Legislative Liaison is responsible for handling all congressional contact in this program.

3. Mr. Hines was thoroughly briefed on our method of conducting the program and collecting the data on reported sightings. He has indicated that his analyses have resulted in the conclusion that over 90% of UFO sightings can be explained. He visited some of the facilities at the Aeronautical Systems Division which have been utilized in the program. Mr. Haldeman, from this Division, and Mr. Valare Burt, consultant to Project Blue Book (UFO), was present and assisted with the briefing.

4. Mr. Hines indicated that Congressional interest in the UFO program resulted from inquiries from constituents which were brought to the attention of members of Congress. Discussion resulted in the collective opinion that Major Donald E. Keyhoe, U.S. Marine Corps (Retired), and present Director of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, a private UFO organization, was probably behind this effort. This opinion is substantiated by the fact that Mr. Keyhoe has been extremely active in making public statements regarding UFO's and this program.