There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document.

PROJECT MERCURY
to command retrofiring, thus controlling the landing point, at any
time during the first coast of the first-complete orbits.
The problem is then reduced to finding as accurately as possible
the critical conditions that will permit the capsule to complete one and
one-half orbits. When these conditions are defined completely in the
parameters of velocity, flight path angle, and altitude, the actual orbital
conditions obtained may be compared to the established landing conditions in order to decide whether the mission should be allowed to
proceed.

After a successful orbit has been achieved, the pilot will report to
the remote stations, as his passage is detected, telemetry signals will be
received, and tracking data will be recorded. The remote site information will be sent back to the Mercury Control Center, by way of
communications networks, where the terminal control center will be
maintained at the Goddard Computing Center and be sent
out to the remote sites. It will be an objective of the control center
to keep the remote sites as fully informed on the current situation as
possible. Thus, in the event of breakdown in communications, they
may be better able to make decisions independently if a critical situation develops. The particular limits on requirements, considerations,
and control techniques will be developed as the design of the system
it is imperative that remote sites be kept up to date on these items.
As the time of recovery is approached, the control center will be supplied with tracking data from the computers at Goddard and the presentation of impact prediction will be given in real time. The main
forces in the recovery operation will be the air forces. It is necessary
forces up to date on impact prediction. 

The probability of capsule landing locale varies throughout the
different phases of flight and is an important factor in establishing the
recovery requirements. The basic philosophy of recovery in the Mercury program is to provide: (1) in the normal landing area: (2) in those areas where landings would occur
in case of an abort during the early phase of flight; and (3) one
additional site at a remote location for use in case extra-orbital
vehicles are on station in these areas during the first orbital flight to assure recovery within a specified time of from 3 to 6
hours. All of the recovery areas resulting from this recovery philosophy are located on the North Atlantic Ocean. The probability of
containing all landing points within these areas is very high.
The planned recovery areas show how figure 26. In addition to
the areas previously discussed, there are also standby areas at Cape
Canaveral in the event an abort occurs during the final countdown
or shortly in the boost phase of flight. The launch site recovery forces
will have the capability to effect recovery for a capsule on land or in
shallow water.
Should an unsatisfactory condition develop during launch, a mission will be aborted so that landing from such conditions will be controlled and the recovery sites assured. In case the conditions
are unsatisfactory and if the capsule systems are functioning properly,
the capsule will be permitted to continue in orbital flight. In case of
a go-no-go decision at orbital insertion, the abort procedures will be such
that all landings will be contained in areas to be or in.