The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing a UFO sighting case from Project Blue Book.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
BYC

It's library had one long shelf devoted entirely to flying saucer books and other shelves were devoted to topics which are generally regarded as lunatic fringes. Thought I myself do not share them as such, I had an opportunity to talk with the judge in this case who was quite voluble and went into great detail as to his initial encounter, the judge posed as an initial skeptic, but it is significant that in this questioning by the investigating officer who introduced many details into the story which were later incorporated logically into the report. 

As far as technical details, as a psychological organization, this and the like, it was futile to attempt to pursue the matter further. When an influential person and witness were involved, there seems to be a reluctance on the part of the investigators to press the matter, lest they be charged with harassment. As a result he was left alone, we were unable to obtain much progress on the subject, if regarded by a psychologist, as one who would seek a mental obsession might occur. The judge stated, in fact, that he at first thought that he had become "hoaxed", but when other information was gathered, but that later questioning by the Judge, had been convinced that the sighting was valid.

A special thing - the witness did not get the impression that he was an intentional deceptor, did not contradict himself, and he seemed to accept the facts being exactly as he stated and he refused to accept embellishments or modifications. He stated he was sure that we wouldn't be able to obtain a clear picture, and that was that. The duration of the entire episode was about five minutes. He stated also that at no time was he frightened, and at no time did he have a peculiar sensation. As they left, the witness was completely convinced in his own mind as to what he had observed as a definite reality.