The shared image does not contain a photograph. The image is a scanned page from an old UFO report document and consists primarily of text.

OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output:

FLYING SAUCER continued

"They" seem puzzled
by time and aging
something like that, and they scraped, and they
put the flakes on this plastic. . . And the leader
of the group puts it in the top drawer. . .And then
he says, "we've got to put somthing that holds your
head. . . And the examining opens up, and
looks into them with a light, and he opens my
mouth, and he looks in my throat and my teeth
and in my ears. . . And then he takes like--you
know--a swab--and he puts it in my left ear, and he puts
that in another piece of this material. And the
leader rolls it all up and puts it in the top drawee
too. Then they take a couple of strands of my hair,
and they pull it out, and the grows right back to the leader,
and he wraps that up and puts that in the top
drawer. . . And the leader then says, I believe my
eyes, under my eyelids, and--oh--and--oh--and the--the--oh--and then they take off my shoes and look
at my feet and at my hands. . . And he takes
something, and he goes underneath my fingernail, and cuts off a piece of my fingernail, and
he puts that in the top drawer too. And he asks me
to take off my dress. . . And I slip my dress off.
. . . He draws on the table, on my back, and he
brings this--and, how can I describe it? They're
like little dots, a whole series of needles, and each
needle leaves a little wire going from it. . . . they come
with the needles. . . . lie draws them on my back. . . .He
puts it on my arms and my legs, and then
--And then he looks at it all, and he says again, "This
would ever, ever believe me. . . .And that's the end
of the testing. And the leader helped me up.

... then they said that was the end of the testing.
And the leader helped me up. . . I put my dress
on. And he seems to go up in the air a little bit, I
would say, and then I--I stand up and put my
hair-- and I can go now? I can go back to the car? And
he said: Barney isn't really here. . . .He still thinks
they were doing a few more tests with him, but
there he was, along in a minute. . . .I started talking with the leader. And I said to him that this
had been quite an experience for me. . . .That no one
would ever, ever believe me. . . . And that what I experienced, would say some part of this had really hap-

thing about the universe. And I told him, no, I
know practically nothing. . . .And he then went on
the moon and public law and then he adds up
here--like this before-- There were things that
were all little dots and so, scattered all over some-
were little, just pimples. And others were as
big as a nickie. And there were less. . . going
from one dot to another. And there was one big
circle, and it had a lot of little dots coming out from
it. A lot of little dots going to another circle quite
close, but not as big. And others vary larger.
And I asked him what they meant. And he said
various things about the universe.