The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

"Del Mar, California
17 November 1961

Dr. Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Dr. Hynek:

As requested by telephone, 16 November 1961, herewith is a summary of a sighting of an unidentified flying object which occurred in the sky above my home in Del Mar, California, on 4 November 1961. It is listed in chronological sequence as it occurred.

4 November 1961: I was an FM observer for five years on duty at Lindbergh Field, San Diego, California. My observation was made from my home address above at about 1930 hours. I observed a light source that appeared to be moving erratically across the sky in the direction of La Jolla and extending NE to SW in direction toward the ocean. This direction of movement was approximately a true north direction, and altitude was estimated at from 5 to 10 degrees. My description of the standard "signature" or characteristics of this light source was as follows:

The light source was brilliant white or bluish-white in color, much brighter than the surrounding stars. It appeared to be disc-shaped, with a uniform circumference and an estimated diameter of approximately 10 feet. The light emitted from this object was brilliantly clear and intense and gave the impression of being a self-luminous or self-illuminated source of light, rather than reflected light.

The light source was in motion and moved across the sky in a somewhat erratic or rather jittery manner, but did not leave any trail or exhaust. The light intensity remained constant until it disappeared from my observation area, approximately 30 to 45 seconds later. The light source disappeared rather abruptly, leaving no visible trace.

4 November 1961: About 2000 hours from the patio of my home, address above, I observed a vertical "fire-trail" at an azimuth of about 200 degrees or about 20 degrees west of south, an elevation of about 40 to 50 degrees. This observation lasted about 15 seconds. The "fire-trail" was very short, narrow, and of a uniform intense white color. It flashed abruptly, was intense, and then disappeared abruptly, with no residual glow or afterglow. There was no fireball visible, no buildup in the "fire-trail" that is, the beginning and end were both abrupt. The "fire-trail" was visible over its entire length, about 10 to 15 feet. No noise, sparks, or marks trailing from the light source were visible. The light contrasted sharply with the surrounding starry sky, and disappeared rather abruptly from an aircraft, but the angular velocity and geometry of this observation was consistent with a very rapid, high-speed maneuver: the observation was consistent, however, with a high-intensity burnout from about 20 to 30 miles in the upper atmosphere. As the "fire-trail" lasted less than 20 seconds, it would have travelled a distance of at least 3 to 4 thousand feet, and accounting a constant velocity of say, 1500 feet per second as possible, i.e., a velocity of 1000 to 3000 feet per second. This "fire-trail" appeared to be quite intense and abrupt in its beginning and end, and gave the impression of being a luminous mass, rather than a mere streak or trail. None of these phenomena were observed in less than thirty seconds. None of these phenomena were associated in any way with the previous observation as to time, direction, or characteristics; they appeared to be completely separate and unrelated. I am certain that what I observed were not reflections, aircraft, nor any known astronomical phenomena. The nature and characteristics of these events lead me to the conclusion that they were of some sort of an aerospace nature, and for some reason, on this hypothesis."