The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image and provide the output:

-3-
as it seemed, surely we would have heard it.
I went back into the house and phoned for a "squadron" of officers was
amazed when I did receive them and they told me that something in the sky was
so large that it apparently more than blocked out the moon and went into two
schools, its appearance being lighted up with many brilliant lights brighter than the other
star-like objects referred to in the radio report. They claimed they saw it tear across the
sky as they arrived at the school about 12;30 AM and that it was so brilliant they could
see even their shadows, and that it would be the only explanation they could think of, when it seemed to
stop suddenly, hover about the sky, and then slowly disappear. He said they were off the ground. He
said the only way to get to the witness station is about a mile and a half straight ahead and that
they're off the ground. He said the only way to get my sort of course concrete
observations would be to visit the witness myself. I'm afraid I shall have to ask you some more questions.
I'm not sure about all the dates of the sightings, but I started writing
this letter about 6:30 AM on September 5th. There were no visible. As 12:30
they were all gone. On September 3rd we spotted two. About 2 or 3 days before
that they were there again about 3 to 3:30. I hope this information may be of
some help to you. They have been very cooperative.
incidentally, the man at the airport said a woman had called in about an hour
before to report a huge illuminated red green lights. I'm a student at the
Wisconsin State College or Eau Claire. Although I'm not an outstanding scholar,
I believe I did fairly well in meteorology and astronomy courses. The
lights, that I and four others saw, seemed to be far above the atmosphere. The
religious teachings. But frankly, I'm at my wits end. I hope you can help to
unravel this observation which have completely my community.
Another thing I forgot to mention may be merely coincidence, but I'll point
it out to you anyway. The day following the second sighting the following
night, about 2 or 3 in the morning, I turned on the radio and listened to a
sighting the radio carried the story of Russia's test in the atmosphere with
their experimental new rockets. Now it does seem rather strange to me that
almost simultaneously we see these strange objects and then the atmospheric
blast. I'm just wondering what kind of story the radio will carry tomorrow.
Enclosed in a self-addressed stamped envelope. I hope you will send me
your answer as soon as possible. I'm sure there must be some sound explanations
for these happenings.
Thank you.
CHIPPEWA FALLS, WIS.