There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing text.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

He holds a professional engineers license in Ohio, is a licensed pilot, has authored many technical articles and holds several patents in the aeronautical field. He is married to the former Ruth L. Butler and they reside at 4570 Hilliard. 

R. T. MADDEN
GOODYEAR AIRCRAFT CORP., AKRON, OHIO

Robert T. Madden, engineer of astronautics at Goodyear Aircraft Corp., is responsible for programs concerning space and re-entry vehicles. Recovery equipment, structural design for space application, as well as other Madden joined Goodyear Aircraft in 1952 as an Engineering Specialist in the stress Analysis Section. His work has included the design and analysis of inflatable and re-entry vehicles for more than 10 years with the company. He has authored many articles and papers for publication and has taken an active part in the aircraft industry as a consultant and professional engineer. He also maintains an active interest in space programs and applications oriented toward this area. Madden holds a Bachelor of Aeronautical Engineering degree from the University of Cincinnati. He has continued his professional development and is currently a member of the American Rocket Society. Madden resides with his wife, the former Barbara Marie Garlough, in Hudson, Ohio.

SUMMARY PRESENTATION ON EXPANDABLE STRUCTURES
By
GOODYEAR AIRCRAFT CORP., AKRON, OHIO

The ability of lightweight, inflatable structures to meet considerations of space and re-entry flight applications is broadly identified as expandable structures. This presentation covering the selection and pertinent parameters related to the anticipated operational environment. This ability to create lightweight structures when combined with the requirements for ultra-light weight construction techniques for vehicles and components to be used in space travel. 

Although expandable structures have been considered for many types of undersea and longstanding uses, active vehicle applications can be classified in three primary areas:

I. High strength expandable structures for use in orbital and space vehicles.
II. Low strength expandable structures for use in manned and unmanned re-entry vehicles.
III. Inflatable structures with possible foam rigidization for use in manned and unmanned recovery vehicles and so forth.

In each application for expandable structures, the vehicle remains folded on the launch pad and is deployed to the desired configuration in space or at reentry attitude.

As noted above, in some application, after re-entry, the shape may be maintained to produce re-entry vehicle trim or by "stiffening" or weaving the fabric structure in the desired final configuration. It is possible to produce retracting and deploying structures by varying the size or shape of structure is the ability to assemble and inspect the entire configuration in the fabrication area before the unit is delivered to the launch site.