The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report containing textual descriptions of reported UFO sightings and observations.

OCR Text output:
a. Ground in the air, moving back and forth, sideways and up and down. When I lost the scene it approximately moved off rapidly towards northwest. The object was still floating around in the air. When I returned at 0500 hours, the object was no longer in sight.

c. Sgt. Mallett's report - I received a radio call from A/3C Henson, the guard at Post #13, Drone Launch site, located approximately 1.3 miles from Post #13. Tyndall AFB. Airman Henson stated he could see an unusual light from his post. Airman Henson stated it was unusual to him because the light looked strange and it moved around several times. He further stated the light did not fit the normal course of an aircraft. I then proceeded to the boundary of the base east entrance and pursued my A/P vehicle to investigate the observed unusual light.

d. Airman Kelly's report - Intercepted a call from Post #13 about a floating object. Car #3 said he would check. At about 0400 hours I notified a Sgt Mallett about 300 from horizontal and it did not appear to be moving. On closer observation I noticed it was moving west slowly. I went to the Drone Launch site to exchange vehicles and continued to see it.

e. Angle of elevation and azimuth of object - Angle (30° - 40°) Airman Henson, altitude (66°2') Airman Henson, Angle (70° - 130°) - Sgt Mallett) and angle (60°) and azimuth (30°) - Airman Kelly. The object cited was 3.5 SV west longitude and 30° north latitude.

f. Angle of elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance: It disappeared at a 60° single (Airman Henson) I was not there when object disappeared (Airman Elmore), disappeared when gaining altitude (Sgt Mallett) and cannot say (Airman Kelly).

g. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object - It went up and down, back and forth (Airman Henson), up and down, back and forth (Airman Elmore), moved to downward position, then would gain altitude rapidly, then moved slowly from northeast to southeast (Sgt. Mallett).

h. How did the object disappear? - It disappeared at a 90° angle, slow to southeast (Airman Henson), wasn't there when it disappeared (Airman Elmore), disappeared when gaining altitude, traveling from northeast to southeast. Gained altitude slowly and disappeared from view (Sgt Mallett), and faded out (Airman Kelly).