There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document titled "PROJECT MERCURY" that describes various requirements and specifications related to the tracking systems and communication networks involved in the project.

PROJECT MERCURY
All of these and many other requirements, based on practical and economic considerations, resulted in a network of stations as indicated in table V. The stations transmit tracking data to a central computing facility located at Washington, D.C. The operation control facility Because of the critical period during launch and orbital insertion, additional continuous facilities are required at Cape Canaveral and at Bermuda. The General Electric Corporation will be the primary source of information for the Cape Canaveral control center, since its telemetering and tracking data will provide the basic data for the insertion parameters. Also, since this is the critical phase of the mission, the Atlas and FPS-16 radar systems at Cape Canaveral will provide backup information for the same ground guidance system. This redundancy is necessary since the capacity of the existing C-band radar, present at the insertion facilities, will be taxed to the limit. A very high reliability radio communications system between Cape Canaveral, Washington, and Bermuda must be provided to transmit real-time trajectory data. However, because of the inability to provide a highly reliable secondary link, important command decisions at Bermuda, it is necessary to provide a direct link between Cape Canaveral and Bermuda.
Project Mercury will consist of 18 stations, a computing and communications center, and it will be equipped with long-range precision radar and will comprise the tracking system and the equipment with telemetry receivers. All communications data from the stations will be transmitted to the computing and control center. This computing and control center is located at the main station. Eight of the eighteen stations and the control center will be located on islands and other facilities. At these locations, a major part of the required equipment, including most of the tracking radars, is now in existence at Department of Defense test facilities and the Commonwealth of Australia. NASA will arrange for the use of this equipment. The scope of Department of Defense participation in the support of Project Mercury operations is given in the "Overall Plan, DOD Support for Project Mercury Operations," dated January 13, 1960.