The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury report or document.

PROJECT MERCURY
30
test program at the NASA Langley Research Center. It successfully withstood the conditions of the test, during which the normal parachute system was blocked from deploying. A pilot parachute was successfully deployed to stabilize the capsule and control the descent rate. The increased drag on the system provided sufficient noise attenuation to enable the pilot to communicate, using his stand-by radio equipment.
(1) Little Joe IV - 14 March, 1961 - This was the second attempt to duplicate the previous test conditions. The flight was only partially successful since the drogue system failed to function properly. The descent was unstabilized and the capsule impacted the ground.
(2) Little Joe V - 28 April, 1961 - The capsu le forward in the parachute opening shock loads in excess of the design load.
(3) Little Joe VI - 29 August, 1961 - The capsule flown in this test was recovered in good condition and reflown in another test. The flight provided an unexpected series of Little Joe V. This Little Joe 'V' flight was only 3,300 feet and the descent pressure at impact was only 1,500 pounds per square feet; approximately twice as high as planned. All capsule events and recovery were normal. The capsule post-flight condition was good.
Big Joe was the name given to the research and development Mercury capsule which was flown on an Atlas launch vehicle and is shown in the image on 29 September 1959.
(a) Validation of the adequacy of the ablation heat shield.
(b) Determination of capsule stability during hypersonic reentry.
The Atlas instrument was programmed to provide a duplication of a normal entry from orbit; however, the Atlas booster engines failed to staged properly. These burnout conditions resulted in a steep reentry which the capsule withstood; however, the total heat input was lower than expected. The design would be satisfactory for the Mercury capsule. The recovery system was satisfactory.
Although an angle of attack greater than 90°, the capsule splitting of atmosphere at an altitude of 150,000 feet, and other such effects described, these conditions are described as an unexpected but important result of the flight was the high deceleration of the capsule. The high heating rates resulted from unpredictable shock-wave interactions on the capsule. The high relative motion between the capsule and the external shingle material on the McDonnell production capsules was an unexpected factor.