There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, containing handwritten and typed text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

[Translator's note: This letter is written in poor Spanish, a fact necessarily reflected, to some extent, in the translation.]

AFCAS-12/635

Argentina
2 June 62

Director
Unidentified Flying Objects Office
Office of the Air Force
Washington

I would like to pay my respects to the Director of A.M.C. [sic] and establish friendly ties with him.

I would appreciate your opinion of the account I am giving you below.

There is a growing unrest in my city as the result of a radio program broadcast by the privately owned station LR-9, Radio Santa Fe, which is based somewhat erroneously in neighboring countries.

The program, entitled "A traves del cable" [by cable], is directed by a group of individuals whose radio management has been observed by several people who are familiar with the subject as sending messages under the excuse of being "flying saucers". A letter was received from a prominent citizen who did not share his name.

Here is this man's account:

First, he explained that he is a quiet person and in good health. He says that on the 16th of August, 1961, he was driving his car slowly along the road to the coast, nearby San Pedro de Macati. Suddenly, when next to a brush on one side and water on the other, his car stopped. Therefore, he went to seek help and walked towards a light before him. On one side of the road was a metallic car-like object. As it came near, the bushes and shrubs approached gradually. When he got near to the source of the light, he saw a space ship approximately 6 to 7 meters long, just as those shown in the magazines and movies. He said that there were some 15 beings surrounding the object, which at that moment, seemed to push someone up to the machine, a person who, judging by