NEWS BRIEFS - A saucer sighting by sight observers, including a veteran pilot, received wide publicity last October 14th. It was reported by Capt. J. Harris of Salt Lake City, Utah, while he was taking off on a routine flight from the Utah Central Airport. The investigation insisted that the UFO was either a balloon or the planet Venus.

Pilot Chases 50-Foot "Saucer"

The recent pursuit of a "flying saucer" by a Utah pilot, fully confirmed by other pilots and airport personnel, is being investigated by AF Intelligence. The disc occurred about noon, Oct. 2, near Utah Central Airport, Salt Lake City.

Two National Guard jets were scrambled after the private plane radioed a report. But the strange machine climbed up on a swift vertical ascent and then use-shaped UFO was first seen by Capt. J. Harris, veteran pilot, as he was making a climbing turn toward the object, which was hovering about 9,000 feet, he closed in to three miles.

Harris reported, "It was shaped like a disc or saucers, one turned up slightly at the edges. The object was light gray, and it was at least 50 feet across and four or five feet thick. There were no visible openings, no trails or exhaust."

"I was about three miles from it when it suddenly moved upward, like an elevator. Harris also headed south. Harris pursued it. During the chase, he radioed the FAA that he had sighted a "flying saucer," relaying details through Utah Central and Provo Airports.

During the disc's speed, Harris temporarily lost contact, but he sighted the object again. According to the FAA, the UFO had position almost directly over the Utah Lake Omni Radio Station. Southwesterly, the directional trans-

mitter. (Omni-range is used to guide pilots on any selected course.)

"After hovering there," said Harris, "it moved straight up and went west at an extremely accelerated speed. It disappeared in a few seconds." During the flying disc and the chase by Harris were watched by seven other persons at the Central Airport, including pilots Virgil S. Redmond and Clyde Card, the airport manager, Mr. and Mrs. Jay Galbraith--and aircraft mechanic Robert Butler. Seen through binoculars, the "saucer" appeared metallic, like dull aluminum, and the bright sunlight it showed a brilliant reflecting light. Witnesses agreed on the disc's jerking motion when it hovered, and on its "terrific" acceleration.

AF Investigator teams from Hill AFB questioned all observers, and a spokesman concluded it was the "best report from this area." No explanation was given for the sighting.

Unusual interest also was shown by the Navy. A separate investigation was made by Lieut. John Lee, Naval Intelligence.

Capt. Harris, revealing he had previously made fun of people who saw flying saucers, now released a public statement:

"I am sure from its performance that what I saw was a controlled craft. I now definitely believe these objects come from other planets."

[illegible section at bottom of page]