The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a series of investigations conducted by the United States Air Force regarding unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED

REPORT NO: IR-1-61
IDENTIFICATION: CASE # 50-4-101
DIVISION: HQ USAF, Washington, D.C.  
DATE: 2 May 1961
LOCATION: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

INFORMATION:
1. The observer, a civilian employee, appeared to be an emotionally stable person and gave a consistent and co-operative account of the sighting. He stated that before it moved off, the stated object was almost directly over Project Blue Book.
2. Information on observer - The observer reported that at 1200Z, 8 April 1961, he was alerted by a consistent and co-erected account of the sighting. He stated that the object was directly overhead and he observed it for several minutes before it moved off.
1sg(1) Weather and winds - Stated the weather was clear or all quadrants, with wind from 270 degrees at 10 knots.
2. Following is the balance of information forwarded in compliance with AFR 200-2:

1sg(2) Weather and winds - The US Weather Bureau at the Salt Lake City Airport reported the wind at 1500Z as 280 degrees at 15 knots, with visibility 40 miles.
1sg(3) Ceiling - Weather Bureau reported ceiling clear.
1sg(4) Visibility - Reported 40 miles.
1sg(5) Cloud Cover - None.
1sg(6) Thunderstorms - None reported by Weather Bureau.
1sg(7) Temperature Gradient - 61 degrees F. Dew Point, 21 degrees F.

No Unusual activity or activity - None.

An interrogation of the observers interviewed the next day. There were 5 observers within 3-5 miles of the sighting, all of whom reported the same sighting simultaneously. The object was stated to be a flattened sphere, slightly luminous, and no exhaust or propulsion system was observed. The object maintained a steady position and course, and no movement was indicated other than the initial pick up and final disappearance. The duration of the scientific apparatus was approximately ten minutes after the initial sighting.

Two balloon releases were reported from the Salt Lake Airport at 1300Z. These were observed to take a southerly course and would not account for the object sighted.

This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112a which is not available.

UNCLASSIFIED