The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing "Inflatable Structures in Space". The text describes issues with inflatable structures for vehicles in space, investigations into the problem, and considerations for power systems and other technical aspects of inflatable structures in space applications.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

Guided by conventional designs, progress in providing decreased problem areas in all the vehicle's subsystems. Investigations are now being made of the feasibility of utilizing these less conventional methods and suggesting cures. 
Vehicles which can operate from existing hangars - typical re-entry vehicles - is now with consideration being given to the utilization of inflatable structures for lifting cylindrical structures recentery vehicles which can operate from existing hangers.
The requirement for power systems in space with consideration of the Sun has a number of factors. Research has shown the necessity of a large sunlight sensitive surface.
These structures for space application require a large sunlight sensitive surface to concentrate the Sun's energy into an absorber sufficient to make collections of high pad and expanded in space - a means has already been developed for rigidizing these structures so that they can be compacted to a small package and re-expanded in space. These structures are extremely light in weight.
This type of structure lends itself ideally to all types of large space assembly and re-entry vehicles. It is shown in an attached photograph.
The use of lightweight structures for space applications requires fundamental studies and a large technology program which is planned by NASA and the Air Force. However, engineering feasibility studies and tests indicate that these large structures can be developed with relatively minimum effort and the application of this technology new should not only provide space capability but in the near future will have additional uses.

(Whereupon, at 12:10 P.M., the committee adjourned, to meet again on Tuesday, May 23, 1961 on another subject.)