The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AFR 200-2
and charts, and other required data, whic
can reasonably be expected to reveal the
Air Force activity that made the initial re
port. When communication is authorized
tween ATIC and the public the details of
the sighting will be furnished to the indi
vidual concerned. In this event, the ATIC
Information Services will provide such re
lease.

SECTION B - PUBLIC RELATIONS
INFORMATION SERVICES
7. Maintaining Public Relations. The Office
of Information Services is responsible for
maintaining all liaison and coordination
with the press, radio, television, and other
media, and for releasing information on
UFO sightings and investigation findings to
the public, subject to the general policy...

8. Releasing Information. All information
conceDnhng UFO sightings and investigation
findings will be released only by the Office
of Information Services. Information re
quested by the public, press, radio, or tele
vision concerning UFO sightings or investi
gations will be referred directly to ATIC and
other Air Force activities by the Office of In
formation Services. No other Air Force per
sonnel or agency will release any information
on the subject of UFO sightings.

9. Responses. In response to local inquiries
or letters, any UFO reports in the files of an
Air Force base, information regarding Air
Force experience with UFO phenomena, or
reactions to statements regarding UFO sight
ings, the response will be limited to a state
ment that the information has been forwarded
to the Office of Information Services, ATIC
for appropriate action. Care should be exer
cised that to reveal any details of the sighting
or to comment on the reality of the sighting
would be in conflict with the provisions of
this regulation.

10. Release By Non-AF Persons. When indi
viduals, such as publishers, writers, or radio
and television commentators, request infor
mation or interviews on the subject of UFOs,
the response will be that all such inquiries
and allegations of these individuals will be
referred to the Office of Information Services,
ATIC, Brooks AFB, Texas. No Air Force per
sonnel other than the Director of Information
Services, or a designated representative, will
comment on UFO sightings or investigations,
except on a "need-to-know" basis.

SECTION C - REPORTING REQUIREMENTS
12. General Information. Reports of UFO
sightings and the results of investigations
will be submitted in accordance with the pro
visions of this regulation. The format will be
as prescribed in Attachment 1, and guidance
for reporting will be as contained in para
graphs 13 through 18. The details of reports
of aerial objects and phenomena, and the
results of investigations, will not be made
available to the public by any Air Force per
sonnel other than the Director of Information
Services or a designated representative.