There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, the following space is write out a short description of the event that you observed. Please include any pertinent information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further statements, or details that you believe are important. This is present the details in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be used if they are needed.

NAME: [REDACTED]

SIGNATURE: [REDACTED] 

DATE: January 20, 1961

At about 7:45 p.m. and location as Occoquan, Virginia, stated that while I was driving along Route 1, just north of Woodbridge, I noticed a strong light or bright glow in the sky to my right and moving toward me. I realized it was not an automobile headlight, as it was much larger and brighter. As it came closer, I could see that it was shaped like a disc or oval, with intense amber colored lights around the rim. The lights appeared to be rotating, and the entire object was completely silent.

As the object passed overhead, it was only about 100 to 150 feet above my car, and I could clearly see its shape and the rotating lights. The object moved at a very rapid rate of speed, slowing slightly as it passed directly overhead. As it did so, the lights seemed to dim slightly. It then accelerated rapidly and disappeared to the north. The entire sighting lasted about 20-30 seconds.

The object was absolutely no more than 50-75 feet in diameter, and its shape was that of a disc or oval. The color of the lights was a very intense amber. I am quite certain that this was not an airplane, helicopter, or any other known type of aircraft. I immediately pulled over to the side of the road and watched the object until it disappeared. The weather was clear, there was no wind, and visibility was excellent.