There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed text document with sections that have been redacted or censored.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
This appears to be the official document title.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have extracted the following text from the document:

"So intense was it, though I almost do not necessarily object, in that I later had an opportunity to talk with the judge, in the presence and by that time, the Judge was quite voluble and went into great detail as to his initial encounter with - and the type of questions he had asked - which, of course, is apparent that in this questioning of - he undoubtedly introduced many details into the story which were later incorporated bodily by - as his own.

As far as technical details, as regards propulsion systems, trajectories, and the like, it was futile to attempt to pursue the matter further. In discussing the matter he apparently was very close-mouthed and defensive. He lives alone, his wife works in Chicago and apparently has been for the last two years. He would seem a fit subject, if regarded by a psychologist, as one to whom a mental aberration might occur. The Judge stated, in fact, that he at first thought that he had become "Polish hoppo", but that after questioning by the Jury and had been convinced that the sighting was valid.

In talking with - one did not get the impression that he was an Admiral type - he answered the questions directly and was apparently telling the facts being exactly as he stated and he refused to accept embellishments or modifications. He stated he was sure that we wouldn't believe him but that he didn't care whether we did or not. He stated simply this happened and that was that. The duration of the entire episode was about 45 to 50 minutes.

Regarding his report, I did not see it, he apparently did not make it known to me nor in my way as to approach him. As they left, the two men to whom he had handed his manuscript told me in a tone of disappointment that if I wanted to see it, I would have to contact them."