The image appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page discusses "inflatable structures in space" and mentions some photographs of a small model that was fully inflated and then folded up into a small package. However, the text states that these photographs are unfortunately not large enough to include in the document.

Text extracted from the document:

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
To give you an idea of what I am talking about, I again have some photographs.
This is a small model that we made, which shows it fully inflated, and then we various sequences that you through in finally folding it up into a small package.
When we get this rather large structure, this is the kind of work which we will be doing with it.
There are also some other questions of internal arrangement, and so on.
To summarize our feeling on this, I think we can say something like this:
So far as we know, so far as we have gone at the present time, we don't see that there is required any fundamental scientific breakthroughs that are required in order to design one of these things.
However, we have not undertaken any fundamental engineering on this Langley Center just in order to prove that such a thing could be undertaken. 
If such a thing were undertaken, you might run into some problems that we haven't been smart enough to think about that that you would, but you could.
In such a design considering design, this is a long-term proposition, and I think this is about the status of our feeling on it at this time.
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: What I have to say about the actual experience we have had in developing actual inflatable satellites, two of which we have flown in the past, and the Chairman. To save time, we will hear from you at this time.
STATEMENT OF WILLIAM J. O'SULLIVAN, SPACE VEHICLE GROUP, LANGLEY RESEARCH CENTER, NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: I, too, must apologize for not having time to what I consider adequately prepare for this hearing, because yesterday I was in a meeting. I've just participated in it, and I've had no opportunity to assemble the kind of visual aids and prototype of an operational version, rigid ized operational version of a long communications satellite that came by the laboratory and I picked up some samples yesterday to illustrate some of the problems that we are encountering in this rigid ized version of the communications satellite, because they illustrate some of the problems that we are encountering in this rigid ized version of the communications satellite.
I have here some photographs which unfortunately are not large enough to include in the document, but I will pass them around showing the test of the Echo II satellite.