There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image contains only text and no visual images.

OCR output:

usually small. The moon was approaching its first quarter and only 23% 
of the surface visible from the earth was illuminated. The semidia meter 
on this date was 15' 36.5".

6. When a ray of light consisting of vibrations of the same wave length 
(monochromatic) passes through a transparent medium such as water or
glass, it will be bent into two rays or beams. When the ray passes from a 
rarer medium, like air, to a denser medium, like glass or water, the angle
of refraction is different from the angle of incidence. Under these con-
ditions, the shorter the wave length the greater the angle of refraction. 
This causes the violet and blue components of white light to be refracted 
differently under the same conditions, the shorter the wave length the 
greater the angle of refraction. As the blue light is refracted more than
the red, the object viewed through the medium will show fringes of blue
and red light and so on. This "dispersion" (separation) of white light into
its component colors is the basis for the rainbow. This decomposition of 
a ray of white light into its constituent colors is called "dispersion". 
This dispersion of a ray of light into its constituent colors is called
diffraction. The immediate consequences of this dispersion are to occur
in a large number of layers resulting in a curved path rather than one bend as when
the one component only is refracted. As the viewer's eye changes position,
the color fringes also change in a characteristic manner.
However, on certain occasions we have an increase in temperature with at-
titude which causes the color dispersion to change more density with
altitude.

7. When the moon is just rising or setting it often assumes an elliptical
shape instead of the normal circular disc. This is caused by the
refraction raising the lower edge more than the upper and therefore
apparently shortening the diameter perpendicular to the horizon. In the
northern hemisphere this distortion appears to be greatest at the time due
to the "approach of the first quarter". Added to the effects created by the 
refraction, haze is perceptible which gradually increases until the
horizon is obscured. This is not unusual to observe, it is a normal
happening as the moonSits just above the horizon. It continues moving
higher in the sky until it assumes its normal circular shape once again.

8. It is concluded AERO that the object viewed by the witness in
Akron, Ohio, on 21 January 1961 was the setting moon distorted by atmos-
pheric conditions. The phenomena was undoubtedly caused by the same prin-
ciples of optics that affect the human eye's identification of the moon.
This conclusion is substantiated by the facts that the moon
was located just north of west on 21 January 1961, the direction reported
by the witness, and the time of the observation corresponded to the time of 
moonset with none occurring after 2305 which is only one minute after the 
official moonset time for Akron, Ohio, on 21 January 1961.