The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract the text from the document:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14

TYNDALL AIR FORCE BASE
FLORIDA

Mr. Claud E. Barnes 8 May 1961

This report concerns the investigation and disposition of a reported Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) sighting on 8 May 1961, in the vicinity of Tyndall Air Force Base, Florida.

The facts in the case are as follows:

At about 0030 hours, 8 May 1961, an airman on duty at the Main Gate at Tyndall Air Force Base observed an unidentified light source in the sky approximately 30 degrees above the horizon in an easterly direction. The light appeared to be stationary at first but then began moving in an erratic manner. The airman reported the sighting to the Bluebird control tower at Tyndall Air Force Base. The tower advised him to keep the light under observation and to obtain a better description of it.

The airman continued to observe the light for approximately 10 minutes. During this time, the light appeared to change color from white to red and blue. It also appeared to change intensity, dimming at times and then increasing in brightness. The light finally disappeared from view behind some trees.

After the light disappeared, the airman notified the Bluebird control tower again. The tower advised him to report the incident to the Base Operations Officer, which he did.

The Base Operations Officer then notified the Commanding Officer of the 498th Air Police Squadron, who, in turn, notified the Detachment Commander of the 1375th Photo Mapping Squadron. The Detachment Commander then dispatched a photographer to the scene to attempt to obtain photographs of the UFO. However, by the time the photographer arrived, the light had disappeared and no photographs were obtained.

This concluded the investigation of this particular UFO incident. The incident was classified as "Unidentified" since there was no explanation for the light source observed by the airman on duty at the Main Gate.