The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of text from a Project Blue Book report.

Transcription of the text:

14 INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
extent on Earth. It would be nice to go up in the environment you 
are going to have to be in to do your experiments.
Mr. KARTH. Are we proceeding with the actual construction of a 
vehicle?
Mr. LOFTIN. No, sir.
Mr. KARTH. Do you have any plans?
Mr. LOFTIN. We at Langley have been studying this particular con­
cept as a necessary preliminary to see what the problems are. If a 
space station is a thing that is desired, then I think this concept as 
well as others should be considered.
Mr. KARTH. The evaluation to determine whether you can or cannot 
do this job. This is one way of doing it.
Mr. KARTH. Could it have any communications capability?
Mr. LOFTIN. Yes. I suppose scientific observations of some sort, 
perhaps an telescope or something of this nature. There are various 
techniques that you use. You could conceivably use it as an orbital 
orbit around the Earth. The question of how you build this station, 
whether you have an inflatable technique or use some other 
technique, depends on what you want the station to do, how big it is 
going to be, and a detailed engineering study of the things. You 
can't just, on the basis of some research explorations of particular 
problems, say what is really the thing that may be useful. It has to be 
subjected to a rather detailed engineering analysis.
Mr. KARTH. We are talking about something that is in its very 
infancy of research.
Mr. LOFTIN. It has only been in the past two years that we have 
worked on this concept. I believe the kind of thing that Mr. O'Shili- 
ganeously mentioned, of going back maybe five years, something 
like this, is that right?
Mr. O'SHILGANEOUSLY. Yes.
Mr. KARTH. Let's talk about this big inflatable balloon that you 
passed the picture around on.
This would be a passive communications satellite, is that correct?
Mr. LOFTIN. That is correct. This would be capable of broadcasting 
and receiving communications. It is designed to withstand the space 
environment for a period of 5 to 10 years. I might suggest we 
determined could
apply techniques that we develop under this kind of research to a 
comparison between passive and active communications satellites. 
It is quite readily shown if you can present that the tubes and all 
the components of a receiver and of a transmitter could continue 
to operate for a period of 5 or 10 years without attendance, then it 
would be very desirable to have an active type of communications 
satellite.
It would like to recall that I believe us 20 years of research was 
required before it was possible to have amplifiers of sufficient relia­
bility that it was practical to put them in trans-Atlantic cables where 
they couldn't be readily hauled up and serviced. This is somewhat 
the situation that we are in at the present moment with respect to 
communications satellites. I think that you can show that definitely 
there would be great advantages to an active type of satellite, that is, 
the kind that receives the signal and re-transmit it.