Based on the provided image, there does not appear to be any photograph or image present. The image appears to be a page from a document or report, containing only text.

Transcribed text from the document:

PROJECT MERCURY
At this point the manned capsule, or space craft, will be ejected from the launched booster vehicle. This vehicle will be traveling at a velocity of approximately 17,500 miles per hour and will then rotate the capsule to orient it in the desired direction in space. This is will be the final single-stage fire involved and with the necessary - feet pointing toward Earth. The manned spacecraft will then continue to fall toward the earth's atmosphere, descending from an altitude of approximately 215 miles and is traveling overhead between the islands of Hawaii and the California coast. A retrograde rocket will be fired to slow the capsule slightly below orbital velocity. This deceleration from an orbital velocity of approximately 17,500 miles per hour, will cause the capsule to descend into the earth's atmosphere.
As the capsule reenters the atmosphere, dynamic drag forces in the atmosphere will rapidly slow the capsule further until it is at a subsonic velocity of approximately 350 miles per hour over the Atlantic Ocean not far from the island of Puerto Rico. At this point a small drogue parachute will be deployed: later, at a lower altitude, the main cargo parachute will take place and the capsule will be gently lowered to the surface of the ocean.
While the capsule is circling the Earth, near-continuous radio communication will be maintained with the ground. As the capsule is lowered to the ocean, location aides such as flashing lights, beacons, and dye marker will indicate the exact landing point. Upon impact with the water, the escape rocket system will be jettisoned and the maneuverable recovery raft will then home on the direction-finding signals. A recovery ship will then guide the maneuverable recovery vessels to the scene of capsule impact.
At this point, a normal mission has been considered, with the assumption of a manned aircraft with ejection seats and pilot parachutes, provision must be made to handle such emergencies as might occur will be considered. First, should the capsule fail to separate properly from the launch vehicle, an escape system, called an escape or abort system, is provided. This will be energized automatically or by ground control, or by emergency manual control, should an abort be necessary. It is apparent that the escape capsule will land in the planned recovery area. If the emergency should occur while the capsule is in the upper atmosphere the escape rocket system would land the capsule within a short distance of the planned impact point. Should an emergency condition occur fairly early in the flight, while the vehicle is well below orbital velocity, the flight will be covered with aircraft and surface vessels for possible emergency recovery.