The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document, which discusses various aspects of the project such as flight tests, development programs, and the support provided by the Department of Defense. The text on the image has been extracted and is as follows:

PROJECT MERCURY
for all flight tests. As is always the case in a complex research and development program, setbacks in the flight test qualification program have become apparent. All of the major missile and aircraft programs have experienced them. These setbacks will result of the development which go into the makeup of the project. The proof of the design is in the flight test program. The proposed duties are not predicated upon failure, but upon success.
Therefore the most important fact date in the overall Mercury schedule is that for achievement of manned orbital flight, i.e. May 1963. During the latter part of 1961, a manned ballistic missile vehicle was successfully launched something in
1961. If no setbacks are encountered during the flight qualification program, it is possible that this first actual flight datum may be met. However, as stated earlier in this report, the critical period in the flight test program is just now upon us, and 1962 and 1963 will be the most critical years for this program, and not based statement of fact.
The Department of Defense provides a very broad range of support to Project Mercury. The Air Force Ballistic Missile Division supplies and launches Atlas vehicles. The Air Force also provides air recovery service, aircraft for capsule locating and recovery operations, radar control center facilities, medical support at Cape Canaveral and remote stations, and man power at several Mercury network stations. The Space Medical Agency of the Air Force has also given assistance in training the astronauts.
The NAVY has loaned tracking equipment to NASA, has made White Sands Missile Range ground facilities available for network use, and will provide a substantial part of recovery medical support to Project Mercury; has supplied communications equipment and shipment of necessary launch site equipment required for manned ballistic flights.
The Navy has been given and accepted the responsibility for the Mercury spacecraft recovery operations. The Navy recovery commands destroyers, landing ships, dock, miscellaneous service vessels, Marine helicopters, patrol aircraft and early warning aircraft will all be utilized for search and recovery operations.
The Navy is also providing assistance in the construction of the
Canton Island network station, has loaned commander transmitter equipment to NASA, and has given a number of tracking radars to NASA.