This image does not appear to contain any photographs or images. It is a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that describes a sighting that occurred on October 2, 1961 in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Outputting the text found in the document:

One of the most recent sightings of this type occurred on October 2, 1961. A civilian pilot near noon (11:45 A.M.) reported a bright silvery disk in the air ahead of his plane. He supposed it to be some object crossing his course. When he was off course, the object still appeared in the same position where he had first seen it, and he could not get the plane closer to it. Puzzled, he radided the control tower and reported the UFO. Looking south as directed by the pilot, the tower operator could find no object, a bright spot in the sky was spotted about 35 degrees above the horizon and apparently hovering over the town of Provo, forty miles to the south.

Descending, the investigator found the pilot's left the traffic pattern and was attempting to get closer to the object. As he approached, the object suddenly shot up vertically, with a little rocking motion, at an altitude estimated to some feet He seemed to have approached within three to five miles when the UFO suddenly shot up "like an elevator" and disappeared rapidly, as though, according to the pilot, the UFO had been fired from a rocket, but there was no vapor trail and no sound. It just disappeared gradually. If just faded out, I can give no great speed. I wanted to see how long it would take and it was just a second or two, until it had faded completely. And I was conscious of the time lapse all the time, you know. Returning to base, the speed of departure, the pilot said, have been thousands of miles per hour.

Alerted by the pilot's message to the control tower, several persons on the ground in the Salt Lake City airport reported to the control tower that they were watching the UFO. Ground observers at the Provo airport, also alerted, were not able to locate the object though the pilot, as he gained altitude, reported that it was almost directly at the zenith.

Investigators from a nearby Air Force Base interviewed the witness who were obviously competent and reliable. All agreed that the unknown had been a bright, silvery, metallic-looking object that seemed to glisten or flicker in the sun, that it was roughly oval or indeterminate in shape, that it was solid and tangible. But not a conventional aircraft or balloon, that it made no sound, showed no vapor trail.