The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

STATEMENT OF ROBERT W. RICHARDSON, VICE PRESIDENT OF GOODYEAR AIRCRAFT CORP., AKRON, OHIO, ACCOMPANIED BY DR. ROBERT S. ROSS AND ROBERT T. MADDEN, OF GOODYEAR AIRCRAFT CORP.

Mr. RICHARDSON. We are very pleased to be here today. (While in this introduction of topics we will mention the same thing. So, when you hear the difference in words, we are all telling the same thing.)

We would like to discuss with you matters that you might small or large as you get into orbit.

We are not only delighted to be here, primarily to acquaint you with NASA's satellites to carry the discussion into some other areas that have a military application or a satellite program.

It is obvious, as pointed out by Mr. Loftin, that in an expendable structure your bulk can find it in the launch pad. It basically has light weight, and through that utilizes only medium size or smaller versions to put large structures in space.

The Goodyear Aircraft we have been interested in this subject and have done some research work for a number of years.

The state of the art is coming along well. We don't know all the answers as yet, but it is not too difficult. There is a big world ahead of us in this country in the use of expendable structures for launching larger spacecraft.

We should get ahead with our presentation.

We are going to have to ask you, Mr. Chairman, to bear with us. We have some slides and motion pictures. We have a black-and-white presentation. We are going to show these to you as quickly as we can.

The CHAIRMAN. We will help you with the lights. We will help you until noon. That is all we can give you.

Mr. RICHARDSON. We will do the best we can to be finished by noon.

There are two gentlemen with me from our organization, Dr. R. S. Ross and Mr. T. Madden, who are going to participate in our presentation. We will find it very interesting.

We will be most happy to answer any questions when we are through.

With your permission, I would like to turn our presentation over to Dr. R. S. Ross.