There does not appear to be a photograph in this document. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report regarding a UFO sighting in Eagle River, Wisconsin on 13 April 1961.

The text in the document is as follows:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

ATCH_10

UFO Sighting, Eagle River, Wisconsin, 13 April 1961 - 2 June 1961

SAFOI-3C (Major Colman)

1. U.S. Air Force investigators that at 1000 on 13 April 1961, investigated the sighting of a bright object reported to have been seen in the sky over Eagle River, Wisconsin. The witness, one James Thomas, reported that he watched the object from his backyard for over 20 minutes and that it hovered near his house and then disappeared to the northeast. The witness provided additional information to the investigators and stated he had contact with the object using a flashlight.  

2. This case was brought to the attention of the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center on 26 April 1961 by the British Air Defense Squadron. The Project Consultant, Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University, was requested to interview the witness and conduct an investigation. This investigation was also independently conducted by personnel of the 4602nd Radar Squadron, Antigo, Wisconsin. Findings of these investigations were included in the correspondence.

3. Major Coleman reported that on 13 April 1961 at 1000 hours he was called to an Eagle River residence where the witness, Mr. Thomas, stated he had sighted a strange object hovering near his house, but much louder than an aircraft. He looked out of his kitchen window and saw the object to the northeast of his house and estimated the object to be the size of a small car. The witness said he was not frightened and went out of doors until he lost sight of the object. The Project Consultant, Dr. J. Allen Hynek, subsequently conducted an investigation of this sighting. After its departure he assures it was hovering.  

4. A further case reported to have appeared in the doorway. The occupant was described as being about five feet tall, 120-135 pounds, dressed in a black suit with a helmet or hood and no visible arms or legs. He went back into the doorway and disappeared. Two men described as wearing black crash helmets with white stripes down each side appeared on the scene. They said nothing and disappeared around the corner. The witness could not see their legs. The conclusion of the Project Consultant based on the correspondence is that this case is loose and unconfirmed. 

RTC