The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document discussing "Inflatable Structures in Space". The text on the page talks about the development of various inflatable structures for use in space, including spheres, cylinders, and other shapes. It discusses the advantages and challenges of using these inflatable structures, such as their ability to be packaged efficiently for transport, their potential to be used for a variety of functions, and the need to ensure they can withstand the rigors of the space environment.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
deflated and packaged into a canister for efficient handling as a ground trans-
port. Typical such structures are spheres, ellipsoids, parabaloids, cylinders, and other bodies
of revolution. The solution lies in designing structures which will maintain their
desired shape under the stresses encountered in space. These structures may assume
deflated or partially inflated shapes during launch but they are inflated to their full
dimensions when required for operational use. If properly designed, the inflatable
structure has proved to be a highly successful solution from the process of expanding
and stowing such structures as the two halves of these structures meet together
this technique. It is possible to create almost any desired shape in
the form of an approximately spherical structure. During development, considerable
attention must be given to achieving an optimum geometric shape that will withstand
the loading forces and stresses which result in structures capable of withstanding the heating of
re-entry environment.
inflatable structures are a logical choice for large-volume space payloads. The concept
in the development of boosters which are mechanically impossible to carry
such payloads. Methods of inflating these structures are now under development.
A review of airship capabilities for handling large missile boosters indicates this this technique is not applicable to the handling of large missile boosters.
The airship's ability to operate from extremely small areas and to travel
at some of the speeds found in modern airships is of practical interest for certain
non-inflatable types of space structures. However, it is possible to utilize airships for performing mobility function of an
associated inflatable structure.
The need for developing a lightweight structure of high structural integrity
expanding that would utilize the potentialities of inflation techniques offers
exploitation of the ability of these structures to be packaged compactly.
Here it is necessary to provide a large volume in the space environment while
the weight of the entire structure with an inflating mechanism will determine the weight
of the overall vehicle. As the overall dimensions of the inflated structure permits the utilization of current boosters to place a manned space station and
re-occupy vehicles, the possibilities of such structures must be fully explored.
will move at will from his recovery vehicle into the station and back again. This
arrangement eliminates the need for personnel transfer between the two vehicles
after performing a mission in space, the man would utilize his re-entry capsule
to return to Earth, leaving the inflated structure in orbit. Possibilities of structures
within structurally sound as in the design of a reusable inflating and re-entry
expandable forms type space station which would permit the performance of a
series of missions under controlled environment.
Methods for constructing the expandable portions of the space station are now
being explored by research and development groups. An example of this inflatable
litter type structure which have been investigated as re-entry vehicles, both for
landing on the ground and for the lifting type which would permit a controlled
entry into the atmosphere and touchdown. Research on expandable and inflatable
structures of various types is now generating extensive development programs, generally
known as Ballute which utilizes a large lightweight inflated balloon for developing
the drag forces needed for stabilization and deceleration. This concept of developing
structures from the basic principles of inflation techniques has resulted in the high
speeds of March 5.5 and programs are now underway which will evaluate its use at
sub-sonic speeds for landing.
The possibility of lifting type re-entry vehicles utilizing expandable structures
is now being investigated and it appears that the installation of this principle will
in time enable the manned space station to enter the earth's atmosphere at very
high concentrations and maneuver to a predetermined landing site.
This type of reentry vehicle would encounter the high temperature re-