The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or form with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object, including the location, direction of the object, and other details. The form seems to be asking for information to help investigate and document the sighting.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would output it:

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Studying and working in the laboratory when I noticed a bright light through the window. I went outside to investigate and saw the bright object moving slowly in the sky.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. East  c. South  d. West
e. Northeast  f. Southeast  g. Southwest  h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving?  16 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
Yes (No)

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  b. East  c. South  d. Southwest  e. West  f. Northwest  g. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  b. East  c. South  d. Southwest  e. West  f. Northwest  g. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing forms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (elevation):
31.1 When it first appeared: 45-55 degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: 25-35 degrees from the horizon.