The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Mercury, which was part of the United States' early human spaceflight program.

The text reads as follows:

PROJECT MERCURY

The validity of the Mercury design concept was demonstrated in the full of this capsule, during an atmospheric test flight. This flight was directed toward simulating the conditions that the Earth-orbiting Mercury capsule would encounter after being accelerated to nearly orbital speed. The Big Joe capsule, which survived the aerodynamic test of recovery, was later recovered many hundreds of miles from Cape Canaveral.

To date more than 100 individual tests of the Mercury capsule systems have been conducted from airplanes in the parachute development program. The escape system tests for the capsule vehicle tested four times in simulated escapes of the pad abort maneuvers, and seven more escape system tests were performed in connection with the Redstone and Atlas flights when booster performance was abnormal. Many of these tested specifically served to increase the confidence in the Mercury escape system.

Small monkeys were flown in a Redstone flight to exercise the life-support system and gain further information on the effects of space flight. These capsules simulate the shape and weight of the Mercury capsule and subsystems that will be required for manned operation. Boilerplate capsules have been used effectively in research and development effort, the design of which considered the requirements of the Mercury Redstone and Atlas launch vehicles. Continuing cooperation between NASA and the military services has been required to assure "compatibility" between the Mercury capsules and the launch vehicles.

Four Atlas flights have been launched. Two of these flights provided verification that capsule recovery operations was sufficient for the most severe reentry heating conditions. Although the remaining two flights did not achieve the planned objectives, capsule performance on these flights was fully satisfactory, and the spacecraft escape system was successfully demonstrated on one flight, and the spacecraft escape system was successfully demonstrated.

Four Mercury-Redstone boosters were successfully launched. Three of the flights involved production spacecraft and one was a booster development test with a dummy spacecraft. Astronaut Alan Shepard flew the first manned Mercury-Redstone mission.