This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an excerpt from a Project Mercury document discussing the program management and support organization.

PROJECT MERCURY
These vibrations were caused by aerodynamic turbulence which should reduce the turbulence and resultant vibrations.  Subsequent damped tethering from the capsule to adapter clamp ring. Subsequent dampened tethering or spring damping which should reduce the turbulence and resultant vibrations. Data from monitoring was very similar to that observed during his training session. His heart rate, respiration, and body temperature did not exceed 125 and his respiration was not difficult. The 5-minute duration of weightlessness was hardly noticeable because his vibrations were dampened with proper tethering and some external observations through the periscope and windows.  Results of the MR-I final pilot qualification that the pilot performed as expected from results of his training.  The capsule maintained full stability and control through the critical mission.

The Program Management and Support Organization
The major management structure for Project Mercury is shown in figure 22. The Space Task Group (fig. 32), at Langley Field, Va., has this responsibility for the overall project direction.
The Space Task Group is under the direction of Mr. Robert R. Gilruth, Chief of the Space Task Group, and Mr. Walter C. Williams.
Assisting the NASA organization, Project support is provided by the McDonnell Aircraft Corp. The Marshall Space Flight Center of NASA has the responsibility for providing the launching installation and associated equipment. The McDonnell Aircraft Corp. provides personnel services for preparation and launch of the Mercury capsules as selected contractors. McDonnell Aircraft Corp. provides Mercury capsules, and associated subcontractors provide the subsystems. McDonnell Aircraft Corp. provides personnel services for preparation and launch of the Mercury capsules, research, and development of support equipment, flight simulators, and other training equipment.
Major subcontractors to McDonnell are as follows:
Minneapolis-Honey well Co.: Environmental control system.
Bell Aircraft Corp.: Hydrogen-peroxide control system. Food Machinery Corp.: Escape tower-rocket controls.
Eagle-Picher Co.: Batteries.
Collins Radio Co.: Radio-communications system. 
Continental Testing Laboratories: Ablation heat shield.
Brush Beryllium: Beryllium heat shield.
Radiation Inc.: Division of North-Atlantic Logging system.
Grand Central Rocket Co.: Escape rocket.
Douglas Aircraft Corp.: Retro-rockets and pergrade rockets.
Barnes Instrument Co.: Horizon scanner.
The Atlas launch vehicle for Project Mercury are produced by Convair Astronautics and associated contractors under the management of the Air Force Ballistic Missiles Division and its associated management contractors (Aerospace) for launch of the Atlas vehicle.