The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

COMMANDER
Wright Patterson AFB, OHIO
Dear Sir:
May I pardon this intrusion upon your time, as goodness knows, you are probably a very busy man. But I must write to you and to friends witnessed a phenomenon which I cannot explain, or call the CD at the base, he too called the Object, it was called the Object Blu, which I had a good view of, about 130 ft. in diameter, low in the sky, in the Naval Air Corp, and was the first to hold tongue in cheeks, in reading of strange sightings reported by different observers the last few months, of this or prankish letters.
At 10:30 sharp nite, after viewing our Echo Satellite, and were in the back yard talking, my wife noticed a red lite coming from a Southerly direction, in immediately materialized about 30-40 feet above the tree tops over our house, the sky in a Northern direction, and about 3 or 4 times the size of a U.S. quarter. The object remained stationery for several seconds, then moved silently across the sky in a Northerly direction. If it was as high as the Echo Satellite, then I'd must have been going at the tremendous speed, and shortly across the sky. The object appeared to be as large, or larger than a U-2 plane, which I understand, has a ceiling of around 70,000 ft.
Could understand if the red lite was blinking off and one it would have indicated an intricate maneuvering, or a control of light rays, however, this was not the case, as the red lite remained constant. I assumed that even if it were a plane of the U-2 type, which some no doubt could assume, those could not travel at such tremendous air pressure, and be at stationary for any length of time as was this object, as no sound at all.
It moved across the sky approximately 3 to 4 seconds, and was absolutely no sound at all. It moved across the sky at a tremendous rate of speed.
I did not intend to over-whelm you with a lengthy letter, but would appreciate an answer when you have time.

Very truly yours,
[Signature]
Dayton 29, Ohio