The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the House of Representatives Committee on Science and Astronautics, dated August 28, 1961.

The text in the document is as follows:

Joseph E. Karth
9th District, Minnesota

COMMITTEE ON THE UNITED STATES
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Washington, D. C.

August 28, 1961

Major Donald E. Keyhoe
USMC (Ret.)
Director, NICAP
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D. C.

Dear Sir:

I have read with interest the copy of your letter to Chairman Overton Brooks including suggested "hearing plans."

Perhaps I have been misled in this whole business of UFO. However, I was informed this was your organization and others were prepared to prove this during the course of the hearing. And further that UFOs were not merely the result of optical or atmospheric phenomena, but actually were craft (of sorts) from other planets.

I was sadly disappointed as I read your proposed plan, suggestions and viewpoints. I cannot help but feel that your letter is tailored to reading, with the least possible publicity, you seek, and thereby cause the U.S. public to lose consciousness of this important information you seek, including such information that may well involve our national security. I too am impressed by unnecessary secrecy. However, unnecessary or unwarranted secrecy is no more than a matter of degree and secrecy may well be called for. I would urge you to exercise your judgment and weigh all the facts, in all probability withhold from the public, knowledge not considered "secret." I repeat - I have opposed and will continue to oppose unwarranted secrecy.

Your letter to Chairman Brooks (including your proposed plan) concerned itself almost totally, in my opinion, with evident dislike and malicious attack toward a great branch of the military. In fact, it sounded to me like nothing more than a cheap service rivalry. Now I hasten to add that I could be wrong, but I have said many plans and proposals in my day and must say I recognize a little prejudice and/or dislike when I see it. If you do not in a position to "make a case," and your letter, as I read it, indicates that you are not even in a position to be accepted in holding hearings. This I thought to be your purpose. Certainly I'm