The image appears to contain a detailed star chart or map of the night sky, with various constellations and celestial objects labeled. However, the image does not contain any photographs or human faces, so I will not attempt to identify or name any individuals.

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR output:

ASTRONOMY

Impressive Stellar Display

Brilliant winter constellations shining on December evenings include Orion, Canis Major, Jupiter and Saturn are visible early, James Stokley reports.

WITH THE ARRIVAL of December the brilliant constellations of the winter sky are now rising in the east in the early evening, and becoming visible to the neighbors, which occupy a region of the sky that once hours bright than any other part of the firma ment, as shown on the accompanying map.

The three bright stars known as Orion's Belt are the most prominent feature of the winter sky, and appear at the first of December, an hour after the middle of the night, and continue to be prominent throughout the winter months.

A good place to start is with the three stars of Orion's Belt, exactly vertical, placed in the sky so that the line formed by them points up ward to Aldebaran, the red star in Taurus, and downward to Sirius, the brightest star in the sky, situated in the constellation Canis Major, the great dog.

Directly below Orion is Sirius, it is the brightest star we can see in the nighttime sky. Even though it is higher on the horizon, it does not appear as bright as Sirius because of the general absorption in the atmosphere. Sirius still shines with great splendor.

Canis Minor Sends in the East

Over toward the east, a little higher than Sirius, is found the small constellation Canis Minor, with its bright star Procyon. And above this group is the constellation Gemini, the Twins, which are two fairly bright stars, about equally well-known stars per on the map of the northern sky.

Above Orion is Taurus, the Bull, and just to the left of the point of the Bull's horn is the Pleiades, or the Seven Sisters, of which six are visible to the naked eye of most people. To the left of Taurus (also to the southeast, a little) is Auriga, the Charioteer, with its brilliant star Capella.

In the northwest is Vega, about all that is now visible of the constellation of Lyra, the Lyre, which is much lower in the sky and less prominent now--the brightest--but in low altitude rises scarcely to a sufficient height in the evening to be seen with good effect. Similarly above is Altair, the brightest star of the Eagle, which is part of Aquila, the Eagle, but lower in altitude and less prominent now.

Jupiter and Saturn are visible early in the evening, the former being the bright "star" in the southeast, while Saturn may be seen farther west, and is a little dimmer. Both are in the southern part of the sky, and can be observed through much of the early part of the evening.

Southern Hemisphere is at the beginning of summer, while the northern hemisphere is at the beginning of winter. The sun is seen far to the south of the Eastern point of the horizon. It is then south about 30 degrees west. Consequently it has a long curve bow, which means that the hours of daylight are long, and the sun stays high in the sky.

The reason the northern sun is low in the sky is that the sun's path in the northern sky, at this season of the year, is as far south as it ever gets. So that when the sun is on the meridian, or due south, it would be, to an observer on the central meridian of your time zone, (That is, at 5 p. m. local time, which is 90 degrees for Central, 105 degrees for Mountain, and 120 degrees for Pacific.) To the east and west, the sun would be later, to the east earlier. On Dec. 21, the sun sets at 4:55 p.m. and rises at 7:32 a.m.

The latest rising, at 7:22 a.m., comes from PCS 10 on the 11th. This means from 0 to 55 minutes, while the earliest sunsets come several days before the 21st. While these sunrises come a day or two later.

The reason lies in the fact that the sun's path around the celestial poles is not a perfect circle. It is a little elliptical, which causes the variation in the time of the earliest sunrises and the latest sunsets. Noon came when the sun was highest in the sky, aiming due north, with the length of the day the shortest.