The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an "ASK ACTIVITY REPORT" related to an incident that occurred in the Akron, Ohio area on January 21-22, 1961.

Here is the full text extracted from the document:

PBT NO.:
COMPANY, Akron. Inquired if any power line trouble had occurred in the area of Nemith Lake on 21-22 Jan 61. None was recorded, and if any trouble had occurred, Mr. Nemith should have been notified. It was confirmed that there was no trouble of any kind. Also from the reported behavior and location of the UFO it could be deduced that it should have caused power line trouble which was not reported.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS:
Conducted a personal interview with Mr. and recorded the incident.
Conducted a complete photo-reconnaissance of the area in which the incident of 21 January occurred.
Established a friendly working relationship with Mr. , Director of the UFO Research Committee, Akron.
Established working support of Akron Civilian Defense Office, Mrs. .
Became area orientated in case future incidents dictate repeated trips.

PERSONAL OBSERVATIONS:
All people contacted were very eager to cooperate and gave freely of their time.
Relating their stories, they appeared with the incident and contacted gave very little false information - all were very sincere and from many personal debriefing experiences.
I feel, whatever his motivations, is in very eager and capable of honestly and unbiasly assisting in UFO investigations.
Local Akron Civilian Defense Offices can and should be utilized while conducting UFO investigations.

RECOMMENDATIONS:
Utilize local area Civilian Defense Organizations during UFO investigations. Utilize various Civilian UFO Organizations (However, make it understood that the organizations do not represent the USAF during organizational activities).
Conduct on the spot taped interviews plus photo reconnaissance.
Perform finished studies of each factually backed up incident.
Perform a study of compounded background UFO reports.

Reminiscation to the various UFO organizations could be accomplished by utilizing special which as the evidence from the organization as evidence.