The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document titled "PROJECT MERCURY" which describes the landing system and environmental control system used in the Mercury spacecraft. The text on the page provides technical details about the various components and their functions during the spacecraft's flight and landing.

PROJECT MERCURY
21

After opening, The reserve parachute is identical to the main parachute. The reserve parachute is packed in the canister-type pilot parachute. The main and reserve parachutes are deployed independently by attitude sensing devices, however, and they should function automatically to provide the pilot with a redundant parachute.

The flight test program of the landing system was completed April 13, 1960. The final qualification program consisted of 25 drops of a boilerplate capsule, equipped with the landing system components.  Altitude drops were made from as high as 42,000 feet in order to simulate off-the-pad abort conditions.

Environmental control system:
The environmental control system shown schematically in figure 6 provides an acceptable atmosphere for the period of capsule occupancy. The system is designed to provide a suit ply of oxygen for 40 hours and to maintain proper temperature, oxygen partial pressure, gas composition, and humidity are maintained within very high pressures.

The weightless flight is used to dissipate the heat generated by electronic equipment and the astronaut. A activated charcoal and lithium hydroxide canister are included for the removal of carbon dioxide and water vapor.

The environmental control system has been completed. Manned test of the system were begun on June 29, 1960. These tests, under a simulated altitude of 40,000 feet, demonstrated the system operation in all modes including simulation of system failures. On July 25, 1960, maximum heat dissipation and pressure cycling test of the environmental control system were installed during spacecraft testing at ATIC II in October 1960.

These components operated very satisfactorily under the simulated fight conditions of the redstone launched.

Attitude control system:
The attitude control system must provide for automatic or manual attitude sensing and control of the capsule throughout the flight. Attitude sensing is accomplished through a combination of horizon scanners, sun sensors, and a gyro package which senses pitch, roll, and yaw planes is controlled by a reaction jet system which uses hydrogen peroxide. While in orbit, the control forces required are very small and a low thrust mode of operation can be used. During reentry, a high-level thrust is required. In order to produce this high level thrust a monopropellant hydrazine system has been installed. A third set of reaction jets, a periscope and window are used for visual attitude reference by the astronaut. A periscope and window are used for visual attitude reference by the astronaut. A third set of reaction jets, a horizon scanner, periscope, automatic stabilization and control system.