This image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from a document or publication called "Science News Letter" dated September 23, 1961. The text on the page discusses various topics related to science and technology, including some information about electronic computers, "disease seen replacing rugs and products of computers," and "Cesium-137 in Diet Determined by Urine Test."

FIELDS
THE ONLY KNOWN surgical operation for the treatment of pulmonary emphysema is that performed by Dr. William S. Longmire Jr. of the Veterans Administration Hospital, Ormand Beach, Fla., Dr. Longmire removed some of the diseased lungs in 15 patients and reported in the New England Journal of Medicine, 265:453, 1961. One patient died from complicatons but in the remainder the function of the large air sacs was improved and the type of fungus that causes emphysema was eliminated.
Since 1913, 75 cases of pulmonary emphysema have been operated on using this procedure at the Veterans Administration Hospital. This is the only operation known to partially remove the destroyed lung tissue. 

NUMBERS
- As ELECTRONIC COMPUTERS take over more and more the number of brain workers will be replaced by machines, a sociologist reports. The ultimate in such a system would be a self-directing computer that can repair and maintain itself in place of human workers.

BIOCHEMISTRY 
Some Mental Diseases Linked to Abnormal Brain Chemistry
- MENTAL DISEASES may possibly be caused by chemical changes in the brain.
There has been a growing suspicion that chemicals derived from amino acids and abnormal behavior patterns are linked. The chemicals derived from amino acids could affect the brain and bring about abnormal behavior. The chemicals could be causing certain mental diseases if they are not well-balanced. 

PUBLIC HEALTH
Cesium-137 In Diet Determined by Urine Test
- CESIUM-137, a radioactive fission product from nuclear explosions is showing up in humans through food and water supplies. It has been detected in urine, providing a simple method for determining how much a person has in his diet. P.A. Morken and Glenn T. Seaborg of the Atomic Energy Commission tested this method and said that it compares favorably with the more time-consuming radiochemical analysis. The level of Cesium-137 in the body depends on the amount ingested from the environment.