The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document related to a Congressional Investigation of the UFO Program.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:	TD-E

SUBJECT:	Congressional Investigation of the UFO Program

TO:	General Pierce
	TDG

1. Reference our memo dated 14 July (copy attached) information was received on 1 August 1961 from Lt Colonel Joseph S. Boland, Legislative Liaison Officer, to the effect that a Congressional investigation of the UFO program is definitely on the books. Mr. Richard Hines has expressed to WFAFB 3005 on 14 August. Mr. Hines is the Technical Assistant for the House Committee on Science and Astronautics. Congressmen John McCormick (Mass.) , George P. Miller (Calif.), and Joseph Karth (Minn.) are behind the investigation.

2. I have alerted the Director of the UFO Program, who is presently on leave, to report back to WFAFB in time to meet with least one day in advance of the Committee's visit. I have also alerted the contractor, Dr. Hynek, to be prepared to report to WFAFB on the selected date of reported investigation.

3. I propose to receive Mr. Hines and, provided you agree, bring him to your office for introduction, and then conduct the discussions in my office.

4. I propose to conduct the investigation along the following lines:

a. FTD explores all reports and incidents concerning UFO items. Our objective is to get the facts, to analyze these facts, and to explain as clearly as possible the results of the analyses.

b. We seek no publicity on our activities nor embarrassment of any individuals involved in reporting UFO incidents. As a matter of fact we try to protect, to the maximum, the individuals concerned.

c. We have funds and personnel to investigate, on the spot, all incidents which appear to warrant such investigation. We utilize our own facilities and those of AFSC to make investigations and analyses.

d. We call upon the entire resources of the USAF to assist in the investigations of UFO incidents. Where a satisfactory explanation can be found by the local organization or units of the USAF these organizations are utilized to the fullest.