UNCLASSIFIED                           REPORT NO: 13-1-61
                                                PAGE 12 OF 12 PAGES
                                                FROM: Sec & Law Enforcement
                                                      Div, Hill AFB, Utah

15k    The preparing officer is a Security Specialist, GS-9, Security and Law
Enforcement Division, Hill AFB, Utah. Preliminary analysis indicates that each of
the six observers interviewed were logical, mature persons, five of whom had some
connection with aviation, and each person was convinced that he had observed
some tangible object not identifiable as a balloon or conventional type aircraft.
The observer who attached the interception and reported closing within three to
five miles of the object and within one thousand feet of its altitude gave a
definite and coherent description of the size and shape of the reported object, and
emphatically and consistently described the maneuvers and flight path of the object.
No leads or clues were developed which would lead to the identity of the object or
explain the sighting. The hypothesis that the object was a weather balloon launched
from some other geographical location was explored and discarded on the basis of the
descriptions of size and shape by most of the observers and their account of the
weird flight with erratic lateral speed of the object. No winds aloft were present at
the time of sighting with sufficient velocity to account for the reported speed, and
there was no terrain demand able of causing an updraft which would cause a balloon
to rise is the manner generally described. The theory that the object was a manned
aircraft was abandoned for the same reasons and the reports that the object seemed to
hover over farm aroused for considerable periods of time without movement. The complete
absence of cloud cover in the area precluded the possibility that the sighting was due
to the see-tion on clouds of in the on the ground. No unusual meteorological or
astronomical conditions were present which would furnish an ex lanation for the
sighting. Specifically since this was a daytime sighting and generally agreed that the
object was below 9,000 feet altitude. There are no known manufacturers or operators of
experimental type aircraft in this area, and no missile or test firings are conducted
in the area other than static tests. With the completion of this initial investigation,
it is believed that all local efforts to explain the sighting and identify the object
have been exhausted.

[handwritten: Douglas V. Dauch]
DOUGLAS V. DAUCH                                1 Atch
Security Specialist, GS-9                      Tape recording of interviews
Internal Security Branch                       of observers

APPROVED:

[handwritten signature]
CHARLES W. ERION
Major, USAF
Chief, Security & Law
Enforcement Division

[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]

This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112 which is not available.