There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document related to Project Mercury, which was a NASA program in the 1950s and 1960s to develop human spaceflight capabilities.

PROJECT MERCURY                                                               9

In September 1958, a joint NASA-ARPA Manned Satellite Panel was established, detailed studies by staff of the three military services, and the advice and assistance of the military services, formulated specific plans for a program of research leading to manned space flight. The specific plans derived by the Manned Satellite Panel were presented to the Director of the Air Force Research and Development Command, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and to the Department of Defense for coordination.

In January 1959, the McDonnell Aircraft Corp. was selected as the prime contractor. The selection was based on an industry-wide competition; 12 firms submitted proposals based on NASA specifications for the satellite capsule. After a thorough evaluation of these proposals, the contract was awarded to McDonnell.

The compressed time-phasing of the project, between contract and first launching, required exceptional coordination, design, manufacture, and development efforts. While the McDonnell Aircraft Corp. was implementing the initial design phases of the Project Mercury spacecraft, a parallel research and development program was being carried out. The program included such as dynamic investigations of the impact of abort conditions on the structure of the capsule.

Following these investigations, a flight program was initiated to develop and qualify the various components of the capsule. This included test flights of scale models which full-scale capsule would be fired by means of a Moyhawk-E-24 rocket to simulate operational recovery conditions. The test vehicles were used to develop a highly reliable parachute system and other tests, vehicles were released from fighter aircraft at supersonic speeds to develop the escape system. The escape system was perfected by launching full-scale capsules with the ablative heat shield for land and water recovery. A solid propellent rocket booster, designed and fabricated especially for Project Mercury, was used to provide the necessary lift-off thrust.