There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CEMER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO
APSIS~ by/nada

UFO SIGHTING (Ir) 22 May 1961
NEAR BEDFORD, MASSACHUSETTS
ORIGINAL DATA: ADC 32-55 (MAJ Winkleman)
T DATE: 29 MAY 1961

1. Intelligence has reported to my of a director of the Boston Red Sox baseball club which observed a UFO on 22 May 1961 at approximately 10:45 PM EST over Bedford, Massachusetts. A copy of the director's letter is attached indicating a request not to disclose his identity.

2. Initial object sightning and description: The witness observed a luminous object in the sky which was circular in shape, about the size of a basketball at arm's length, and which emitted a steady glow. The object hovered motionless for 1-2 minutes, then made an abrupt 90 degree turn and accelerated rapidly out of sight in an straight-line path at a steep angle, disappearing in 10-15 seconds. The object gave the appearance of a single solid structure and no protrusions were observed.

3. The conclusion that this was probably an extremely unusual aerial phenomena is supported by: The apparent ability to hover motionless, make an abrupt right-angle turn, and accelerate at a high rate of speed out of sight within 10-15 seconds. These characteristics are not consistent with known aircraft performance. As the sighting occurred at night, the witness was unable to detect any exhaust or propulsion system. The witness is reported to be a mature and intelligent individual whose occupation would not normally lead to imaginative reports of this nature.

4. Report Information: For the consideration of your headquarters, I concur with the conclusion that this sighting appears to represent an extremely unusual aerial phenomena. As the sighting was of brief duration, no further investigative data is available.

WILLIS G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Release
and Consultation