This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which was a program by the U.S. Air Force to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text of the document is as follows:

SUBJECT: Project BLUE BOOK (Close Book)
TO: APCIN-DE (Colonel Wyatt)

1. Project BLUE BOOK (Unidentified Flying Objects) program which was established and designated as 'Closed' following a much publicized place in view change in the objectives of the project.

a. To determine if unidentified flying objects constitute a threat to the security of the United States.
b. To determine if any scientific and/or technical information can be gained through the sighting of UFOs.
c. To identify and/or explain all UFO sightings.

In February 1949 the code name of the project was changed to 'GRUDGE' which was later changed to 'BLUE BOOK' in March 1952.

2. The directives which are applicable to this program are JANAP 146 and AFR 200-2 which require the collection, reporting and evaluation of the reports of sightings. The program is under the command and control of the Director of Information Services at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base who is responsible for releasing information on sightings and for coordinating with various agencies regarding the UFO program.

3. From June 1947 to date, December 1960, the Air Force has received a total of approximately 12,618 reports of which 10,147 have been explained and 2,471 remain unidentified or without explanation.

4. Allen Hynek, Project BLUE BOOK's Scientific Consultant and Head of the Astronomy Department, Northwestern University, stated that in his opinion the percentage of unexplained sightings, approximately 20% (2,471 out of 12,618), indicates that there is still a basis for continued scientific concern and that he is of the opinion that some of the reports received do contain substantive information which merits continued investigation.

The text appears to be a summary of the Project Blue Book program and its findings regarding unidentified flying objects.