The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a technical document or report related to "Inflatable Structures in Space".

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
At the present time, the Schejdahl Co. is working with the Goddard Space Flight Center on a study of inflatable metallic spheres for rebounding signals from one satellite to another. Some of the proposed Rebound techniques being considered for communications satellites require "milking" out a pattern of circular "windows" from the aluminum, leaving the membrane inflated. The aluminum spheres remaining will be approximately 30 feet in diameter and will be inflated to about 30 percent.

SPECIAL BALLOONS IN ONE ROCKET VEHICLE
Project Rebound will concentrate on placing three inflatable satellites in a circular orbit from one rocket vehicle. These satellites will be spaced at predetermined intervals in order to test their effectiveness in rebounding radio signals from one satellite to another. The launching of the first three Rebound satellites is scheduled during the first quarter of 1962. 

[...] 

INFLATABLES TO AID ACTIVE SATELLITES
The role of inflatables is to mean confined to passive satellites. They are designed to be inflated immediately after launch to form inflatable coatings on the active satellite's surface, providing rigid members for a "surprise" propagation of the active satellite's signal. 

NEW MATERIALS BEING DEVELOPED
A vigorous research program is underway to develop new materials to withstand the space environment for prolonged periods. These include combinations that produce de-adhesion under solar radiation and abrasion, and materials that will not burn even in the ongoing blast of a plasma torch. We believe that inflatables will assume a consistently increasing role in space as these new materials become available and their ratio of strength to weight continues to improve.

Leonard Jaffe, chief of NASA's communications-satellite program, emphasizes that inflatables can be of service. However, he warns, "Unlimited number of missions can be costly."