There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I have produced the following text from the document:

air of secrecy imposed in the early years of UFO reports), had an electrifying effect on the imagination and emotions of a surprising fraction of the population. It led to an inordinate interest in UFO's. Indeed, a logical, albeit scientifically unsupported "theory" of UFO's arose. This concept was abetted by the possibility of life elsewhere in the universe which modern astronomy envisions, and by a strong, often unconscious, desire on the part of many people to believe in the possibility of visitors from outer space, and, unfortunately, to confuse possibility with probability. 

This theory of UFO's, mainly because of its strong emotional appeal, sometimes bordering on religious conviction, deserves mention: It is logical to assume that we on earth are not the only intelligences in the universe; so it follows that those civilizations on other planets, perhaps planets in other solar systems, far more advanced than ours, might express an interest in visiting this planet periodically, as we might make periodic checks on the social progress of a tribe of aborigines. The earth has been visited many times in the past by explorers from other worlds (attested to, the theory continues, by historical accounts, long before 1947, of strange apparitions in the sky) but such visits have been greatly increased since the advent of the A- and H-bombs, a "tampering" with nature that has caused concern to other intelligence in space. This increase in visitation was signalled by the wave of incidents that started in June 1947, one of which was the famous Arnold incident.

It is for the psychologist and the sociologist more than for the physical scientist to comment on the widespread emotional appeal of this concept, and the persistent attempts to link reported UFO sightings with visitations from space in the face of the continued lack of scientific evidence for such.

It is amply evident that UFO's and "flying saucers" exist as reports. This has led to the serious quip that "a flying saucer is any aerial sighting or air of secrecy imposed in the early years of UFO reports), had an electrifying effect on the imagination and emotions of a surprising fraction of the population. It led to an inordinate interest in UFO's. Indeed, a logical, albeit scientifically unsupported "theory" of UFO's arose. This concept was abetted by the possibility of life elsewhere in the universe which modern astronomy envisions, and by a strong, often unconscious, desire on the part of many people to believe in the possibility of visitors from outer space, and, unfortunately, to confuse possibility with probability.