The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old document discussing the appearance of Jupiter in the evening sky during November 1961.

Text from the document:

ASTRONOMY

Look for Jupiter Early

Jupiter can still be seen in the evening sky during November in the constellation Capricornus. The winter constellations are making their appearance, James Stokley reports.

THE PLANET Jupiter is still prominent in the evening sky during November, but it is becoming less conspicuous. Only two months ago it was visible until midnight, and even showing the early risers in the morning before sunrise. Now you can't see it until about 10:00 p.m. Your own kind of starlight seems a little earlier this month, and Jupiter arrives on the western horizon too. But if you look early enough, you will find it still shining brightly after evening has fallen.

It is still a little brighter than any other planet or star in the sky (excepting only the moon), and it casts a definite shadow - you can see that shadow if you hold your hand out a little ahead of Jupiter, toward the right. It stands solvent and stately near the horizontal line, and just a little ahead of the fainter first-magnitude star Diphda. It shines with a pale, almost steadylight, equal to a first magnitude star.

Before it gets dark enough to see the stars, you will notice that Jupiter shines slightly ahead of the overhead line of stars that make up the 'W' of Cassiopeia - the famous queen who was turned into a constellation. And still higher stands Capella, the queen's brightest star, known as the 'Lady of the Northern Night.'

In addition to Jupiter and Saturn there are other interesting objects that can be seen in the evening sky during November before sunrise. Venus appears low in the southwest about an hour after the sun goes down. Look for it, if you can, to left of Jupiter, to try to see if - but Venus is so low in the sky it will be hard to pick it up clearly enough.

Mid-November is the time of one of the important 'meteor showers,' the Leonids. On a clear, dark night try to watch the sky for a while, and you will see a 'shooting star' now and then, one of the small cosmic debris that enter the earth's atmosphere from outer space. This shower is named for the constellation of Leo, the Lion, because the meteors seem to come from that direction.

During any month with a new moon, the dark of the moon, you will see many more meteors per hour than you will around the full moon. This is especially true in the early morning hours before dawn, when there is less light from the moon. In the early morning hours before daybreak on November 13 and 14, you'll have a good chance to see some of the Leonids, if the sky is clear enough to make them out.

These periodic meteor showers may seem to come from the same place in the sky, but that is just an effect of perspective - the meteors are actually arriving from all directions. They are bits of debris that hit the earth's atmosphere and glow for a brief instant as they burn up.