The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

Text extracted from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for March 25, 1961

E FIELDS
MEDICINE

Deaths From Abortion
Remain High in Britain

LONDON, ENGLAND - Abortions continue
to rank third highest on the list of causes of
death among women in England and Wales.
Only heart disease and cancer cause more
deaths among women, Doctors still are credited
with saving many lives, but deaths from
criminal and self-induced abortions remain
high. In 1957, deaths of women who had
undergone abortions, legal or illegal, were
115 deaths per one million live births. At Walton
Women's Hospital, Liverpool, England, 100
women were admitted last year for treatment after
abortions performed outside the hospital, some of
which could have been prevented if proper
medical attention had been given.
The Medical Research Council's Committee on
the health of women in relation to the practice of
abortion has just published its report. Dr. Percy
Stocks said he has now stopped advising
doctors concerned with abortion policy.

Underground Nuclear
Test Study Planned

WASHINGTON, D.C. - The U.S. Atomic Energy
Commission is considering conducting an
experiment to test the effects of an underground
nuclear explosion on the water table, in determining
the feasibility of underground nuclear test
ban verification.
The tests, which have been highly publicized by
ABC, would be designed to determine the
possibility of detecting underground nuclear
explosions from the tremors they produce.
AEC has stated that while such test would be
helpful in underground test ban verification, dangers
of radioactive contamination are involved and the
experiment is still only under consideration. A final
decision has not been made.

MATHEMATICS

Elementary Math
Training Urged

WASHINGTON, D.C. - Mathematical training
must be upgraded to keep ahead of the demands
of the modern technology, according to Dr. H. (J.
Poliak of Bell Telephone Laboratories, speaking at
a meeting of the American Mathematical Society and
the Mathematical Association of America.
Dr. Poliak said some changes must be made in the
elementary math courses to give students a better
grasp of fundamental mathematical concepts. He
emphasized the need for more emphasis on basic
training in arithmetic, measurement, and
intuitive geometry, rather than on advanced and
specialized topics. The changes should be based
on the increasing need for a "qualitative" rather than
a "quantitative" mathematical background among
scientists and engineers.

Extensive Study of
Extreme Causes Tornadoes

THE U.S. Weather Bureau will in the
near future, conduct more intensive studies of
tornadoes and other sever local storms in an
attempt to determine the factors necessary for their
development. The study will analyze the
atmosphere before, during and after tornado
development, to establish relationships between the
synoptic-scale weather patterns and the local
conditions that may produce tornadoes.
The National Severe Storms Project at
Norman, Okla., will play a key role in the proposed
studies. The factors causing tornadoes are not well
understood and the ability to predict them is still
poor. Similar studies have been made of hurricanes,
but tornadoes are much harder to track and
study. Plans call for mobile radar and observation
teams to study the structure of tornadoes and the
atmosphere around them. March 22, 1961.