There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to "Project Mercury" and contains text discussing various agreements and arrangements between the government of Spain and the United States.

PROJECT MERCURY
"11. (a) The Government of Spain shall take the necessary steps to facilitate admission to the Island of Grand Canary of such United States personnel as may be required for the facility or participation construction and effective use of the station. Their names and other pertinent information shall be promptly communicated to the Government of Spain.
(b) Personal and household effects of United States personnel (including personnel of NASA contractors and subcontractors) may be imported into Spain duty free of taxes, customs duties or other charges or restrictions. In addition, United States military or civil personnel with the facility shall not constitute a taxable basis under conditions approved by the Government of Spain.
12. (a) The Government of the United States anticipates that the facility will be required for use until July 1, 1963. The Government of Spain agrees that during this period the operation of the facility shall be authorized and that it shall have the right to continue its use of the facility by giving ninety days' advance notice to the Government of the United States.
(b) Subject to the foregoing conditions, the Government of the United States for the facility prior to July 1, 1963, shall have the right to determine its use of the facility by giving ninety days' advance notice to the Government of Spain. 
13. Supplementary arrangements between NASA and INTA shall be made from time to time regarding the carrying out of the purposes and provisions of this Agreement.
All funds used in the implementation of this Agreement by the Congress of the United States, it is subject to the availability of such funds.
If the foregoing general and procedures are acceptable to your Excellency's Government, I have the honor to propose that this effect shall constitute an Agreement between our two Governments on this matter which shall enter into force on the date on which you indicate your concurrence.
For your consideration. I request, Sir, that you accept the assurance of my high consideration.
(Signed) FERNANDO CASTIELLA.