The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

On the evening of January 15, 1961, a large fireball was seen traveling from north to south according to reports from people in the vicinity. An effort was made to secure accurate, detailed reports from the Manston area. The Jamestown Observatory offered assistance, and the Ohio State University Observatory rendered active assistance. Subsequently, Mrs. Manston, personally interviewed nearby observers.

Mrs. [redacted], who lives on a farm near Camp Douglas, 12.3 miles northwest of Manston, reported the course of the fireball as "straight down" to the north. This suggests that the object passed directly over Camp Douglas, although it did not become visible until it had traveled some distance.

Mrs. [redacted], about 3 miles southeast of Luverne, says the fireball from an automobile about half a mile southeastward appeared to be "as large, if not twice as large, as the moon." She contended her estimates put the object's center at 650 F.M. (Central Standard Time).

Mr. [redacted] was in the living room of his home at the Castle and described the fireball as "larger than the full moon" and resembling an airplane coming down in flames.

None of these observers heard any sound which they connected with the passage of the fireball.

About a week later, a letter was received from Mrs. [redacted] that the fireball had been seen in that area. The object was estimated to have been approximately 100 feet in diameter and exhibiting a "blue flash" as it passed over Manston. The letter reports additional details, including several ground observations with witnesses corroborating the Manston Times and International Falls radio station KGHS reports.

Two Minooque, Minnesota residents were in a car about 8 miles west of Minooque. They reported the fireball to be about half the size of the full moon and "flaming out" as it passed over. Twenty seconds later, they heard "rumbling or cracking" sounds.