The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

In view of the fact that it is not our practice to investigate cases in which there is only one observer (being such cases as this), this case should not be given too much weight and certainly one cannot expect any sort of a definite solution. From the appearance of the case, his habit of life and his actions indicated, it would appear to be a mental aberration. The presence of the HIGAP made in this picture probably accounts in large part for the unbelievable character of the story and this multiplicity is has attained.

It would be the advice and opinion of your consultant that the Air Force in discussing this case should hold fast to the advisability of the general public not under no circumstances contacting or making any requests from a flying saucer observation which is observed, and to state that this case was investigated solely because of its possible nuisance value and because there will undoubtedly be an attempt made to induce this individual under an official production. The judge already informed us that it will descends this siting and answer questions and this, of course, means undoubtedly there will be public interest and possibly with said evidence. There seems to be some indication that since Eagle River is a tourist town, that it will be a definite attraction this summer, and the like.

As I have already received many letters which he kindly acknowledged me to the General Counsel's officer, he had hoped to give to be privileged individual to divulging any information or particularly of giving them any additional evidence. For that reason, he asked that the Air Force do not provide any additional information lest it be used to again promote this or give this to the individual public meetings in which he would never give it them. I must express again that I thought this incident was approaching to a conclusion to go to a particular.