The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with handwritten notes and responses to various questions.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar? The handwritten response indicates "1 mile x 1/4 mile" in size, compared to a football field.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or aren't's length in line with the object. How much of the object is covered by the width of the match? If you have performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? The handwritten response mentions "just about 1/2 size of wid" in relation to the object's size compared to the match.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The handwritten response states "yes, just hovered then took off."

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance. The handwritten response describes the object as "at night - going - head light set, but lots of dusty glow."

OCR Output:
20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or aren't's length in line with the object. How much of the object is covered by the width of the match? If you have performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance.