There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a document titled "INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE" containing text discussing various aspects of space stations and long-distance space travel.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
It doesn't really affect the materials except perhaps in this way:
If the man in some way propels himself from one side of the station to the other, he collides with himself hard enough to stop. Then he has to push himself and go out on the other side.
The CHAIRMAN. He still has momentum?
MR. LOFTUS. Yes, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. To offset the momentum, you have to have a material sturdy enough to resist it.
MR. LOFTUS. That is correct. This would substitute for the gravity the use of centrifugal force.
MR. LOGSDON. This is a possibility. We don't really know whether this is necessary. If in future manned space operations it is found desirable to have some form of gravity, the centrifugal force might be a possibility. You would have to be careful about this. There are some effects—as I understand it—that come into play if the radius of the space station is too small and it aggravates too much high gravity or something like that. The CHAIRMAN. Like sickness?
MR. LOFTUS. Yes, I am certainly not a medical expert, so I don't think I can speak with authority on this.
The CHAIRMAN. Any questions?
MR. KARTH. What would the primary function of this so-called "space station" be? We are not really proposing a space station. What we are doing here is saying if you had a place which people could live in, work in, and what not, if you were to enclose them, there are a few ideas that come to mind. For example, if you wanted to send a man on a long space journey that takes weeks at a time, such as journeys of such a nature that once he is committed to this, once the rocket is fired, he has gone around to where he is going to go and then he is going to have a space station in orbit where he could put men, materials, at a time and see if there are any undesirable effects that we have to be concerned with. If these effects occur, you may possibly find out whether you can handle it. Also, this gives us a chance to look into things in which you could use this.
MR. KARTH. You are talking about long-distance space flights then, much longer than from here to the Moon?
MR. LOFTUS. Yes.
Suppose you wanted to know the effect of long-term space exposure on certain kinds of materials. We can simulate if only to a certain degree.