The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, discussing inflatable structures in space.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
contract with the Hughes Aircraft Co. to investigate approximately a dozen concepts of predicting rigidized structures in space that could be compactly folded, transported into orbit and there caused, after erection, to become rigid.
This exploratory work has resulted in some very promising, although not yet ready for use materials, and this gives us great hopes in the future.
In this field further work is required.
I think that Mr. Loftin is quite correct in stating that we have not as yet encountered any fundamental barrier to the ability to produce long lifetime satellites. In space, stations and such, however, there is a considerable amount of engineering work required in order to transfer the exploratory research that has been done in this field into the actual design and fabrication of materials that would be suitable for employment in space stations.
I think you gentlemen.
If I could answer any questions that may have come to your mind, I would be delighted to do so.
I think we all have a good many questions. I would like to ask, How does a man in one of these stations go up in the capsule, doesn't he? How do you get him from the capsule to that circular station? What way is there of passing him, a really inflatable passage way, that would lead from the capsule into the terminal portion of the space vehicle. I didn't make this clear. The toroidal space station does not reenter the atmosphere. When the crew gets ready to come home, they go back through the passageway into the capsule, close up to the capsule, disconnect from this and leave the station in orbit. Then the station is for a recent entry vehicle.
The CHAIRMAN: You are just going to allow that to float around in space? Mr. LOFTIN: This is one possibility.
Mr. LOFTIN: This thing you might do, depending on what size of operation you are talking about, is to develop the capability of rendezvous and that you might call a space ferry - a recovery-type vehicle, with the space vehicles, so that as one capsule left to take one crew home, another one capsule come in, perform a rendezvous maneuver and transfer a new crew in. This is a much more sophisticated-type operation. Ultimately, something like this could be developed in space that will not have weight; that they will not have mass. What effect will the mass have on the materials which you use for the station? I think the thing we have to worry about, with regard to mass, as I pointed out, is the dynamics of the situation, that is, you are changing the center of gravity - this is a bad word to use because we don't talk about gravity up there - you are changing the center of mass of the station so it will tend perhaps to rotate around a new center or oscillate in some way. I think this is the contest in which we need to talk about mass.