This page from the Project Blue Book report does not appear to contain a photograph. Based on the text of the document, it seems to be a descriptive narrative of a reported UFO sighting near Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin in 1961.

The text of the document is as follows:

It all started about four weeks ago. We were watching a thing in the sky which happened to be a star and it started to move from below a near star to the side and then go over the top and fall down the other side. Today it had the same thing happen but the motion was reversed. It seemed to start from the bottom and go over the top to the other side. We then got no answer. Finally I got an explanation from the local civilian defense director, who came out there, that it was an experimental rocket or guided missile test from the Twin Cities. Last night was the same thing but apparently it was a different location. I don't think of any city in that direction large enough to do it, but I left it go at that.

About three weeks later we saw the same thing in the same direction, about the same time and it looked the same as before. While we were looking around, somebody said they had heard about some unusual objects down in that direction about six weeks before over the airport. After watching still for about six minutes, it suddenly disappeared from our view as though it had been moved straight up or else the curvature of the earth had hidden it from us. It was a long way and was still moving when we left for home to call somewhere to tell them what we had seen. While talking on the phone in town, my son-in-law called to let me know that it had reappeared again. By this time it had gotten quite a distance off, and when I told him what I thought it might be, a weather balloon too, he said that it only went up and down and not across the sky. No other explanation developed, as he had to make a weather broadcast. We felt that someone on the first night might have listened in to the civil defense unit in Minneapolis, or else the Minneapolis Weather Bureau. My father-in-law mentioned they had seen something unusual in that area four different times over the period of about two hours after the clouds began breaking up. We didn't do anything.

Tonight is the clincher. I looked up to see if there were any such objects, and made another check there were none. Suddenly whatever it was appeared, this time very bright and clear, and started to move very rapidly past the airpark. This led me to get the number of the nearest civil defense unit from the East Claire Police Department. A police officer came out and I told him what we had seen. The officer suggested that I call the civil defense police dept. and described in detail what we had seen. The officer suggested that I call back later to see if they had received any other reports of the object in the north area. I went back out to see if the object was still visible, and by this time it had disappeared, although it probably would have been visible to you. Non-the-less, this is what happened.

I should add that on the first occasion when the object was sighted, it appeared very bright, about 75 feet wide, elliptical in shape and traveled very rapidly eastward across the sky. I thought it was a plane. It seemed to be closer than 1000 feet as it passed. It made no sound. If it had been a plane, it would have made some noise, but there was none. Later that night, the same object was seen for about two hours after the clouds began breaking up. We didn't do anything.