The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this page. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and transcribe the text found in the document:

18 miles north of Minocqua, she was outdoors watching a snowplow clear-
ing the driveway. The fireball was observed from this location to north.

Mr. Walkers, which is about 21 miles southwest of Minocqua, he thought 
it landed within a thousand feet to the east of him. Although he heard
no sound, he noticed a strong odor of burning sulfur in the area.

Mrs. was in a car about two miles southeast of 
Minocqua. The fireball seemed to pass almost directly overhead. As 
it did so, the car radio faded out and she heard a distinct humming"
sound. The fireball disintegrated after passing over the car and ex-
plodes in a burst of greenish light and shoot fragments in all directions.

The fragments of the fireball as inferred from observations in the Houston and Ft. William
areas, some others, suggest were traveling at a velocity of about 500 miles per hour. This 
compares to the velocity of normal meteorites or because one or more other fireballs (possible fragments of the main one) were observed simultaneously in various parts of the area.

For example, Miss was driving south on Highway 77 and
saw a fireball which was about 160 yards southeast of Minocqua. Accord-
ing to Miss Wainick, the fireball seemed to come from overhead and fell
in front of her car-to the southeast.

Mrs. saw the fireball through the open door of the Enchanted
Forestry establishment, at a distance of about 2 miles (in testimony). Ap-
parently it was visible to her and they also witnessed the fireball. According
to her statement to troopers, the fireball was from west to east, and the
cloud remained for sometime.

Another observer who saw a fireball apparently falling toward the
southeast was Mrs. She was driving north
on Highway 51 and was about 14 miles north of Tomahawk - roughly 35 miles
south of Minocqua. The fireball seemed to come from almost directly overhead
and illuminated the surrounding countryside for miles. She described it as 
"like lightning".

Mr. saw no fireball, but as he was walking along a
road 4 miles south of Three Lakes, noticed a peculiar blue-green illumina-
tion of the sky 4 which lasted for several seconds. One or two seconds
after this the illumination ceased and he simultaneously felt a distinct
ground tremor. Three Lakes is about 27 miles

Another report, although it introduces an additional complication in
the matter of direction, is interesting in that it lends support for the
theory that the main fireball may have been accompanied by one or more
smaller fireballs or fragments.