There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document discussing flight simulation, equipment and familiarization, and operational procedures.

PROJECT MERCURY
Flight simulation
An important phase in the checkout of the equipment and in the familiarization for the flight controllers is the simulation training program. This program utilizes a capsule and launching procedures, and the Goddard contact center, to provide advance operational experience.
Figure 25 is a photograph of simulation consoles used during this phase, as displayed in the simulation room at the control center. It shows the Goddard console and various other equipment used in conjunction with the simulation training.
Operational procedures and mission planning
During the prelaunch phase, flight control is delegated to the launch headquarters. At lift-off, the Mercury operations director at the control center takes charge. The pilot determines the capsule time with ground elapsed time. During the launch, the pilot insures that all events occur at the proper times. As the capsule reaches the desired altitude, a different pressure regulator will maintain the capsule pressure at an altitude commensurate with pressure in the surrounding atmosphere. The pilot notes that the cabin pressure will maintain the normal atmospheric control. When a guidance command shuts the engine down, the pilot manually takes over attitude control. The attitude indicators display predetermined values. If the capsule should have drifted excessively during launch, the automatic control system will be inaccurate and he will manually control the capsule during the prereturnto-earth maneuver. The capsule should be either automatically or manually turned to the retro-fire position in order to initiate retrorocket firing.
Operational procedures near orbit insertion
One of the most critical points in the Mercury orbital mission is at orbital insertion, that is, the moment the sustainer rocket is cut off. Whether the mission should be aborted or the capsule should be reoriented for the retrograde sequence will largely be established by the conditions existing at the cutoff. An acceptable orbit is considered to be one which will insure that the retropackets will maintain a sufficiently long lifetime so that the retrograde can be accomplished at the proper time. In addition, the heating conditions must fall within acceptable limits in the region of perigee, and the recovery loads must be within acceptable limits.