There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
3,000 miles, then it would definitely say in quite sure, 5 to 10 years as a good reflector of radio signals. 
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: Going f it is longer than you anticipated it
would, Mr. O'SULLIVAN ?
That is true, I think. But I do not think it
will stay in orbit. I think, approximately according to the results of radio signals
that it was when we first put it up. 
Mrs. WERS: Is it useful at all?
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: Yes, it is still quite useful. We are very happy
about it. It has been much better than we really anticipated.
Mrs. WERS: If it would have degenerated quite badly, but it seems
to be withstanding the space rather better than we had anticipated.
Mrs. WERS: That was my impression that it had functioned better. 
I this purely reflecting operation? As it simply the globe?
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: It is intended as reflecting operation, just like a communications satellite is, that the mirror does not care how many signals
bounce off it, what those frequencies are, what languages is employed, 
or what the band width is. It reflects them all just as well. There
is no attenuation.
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: That is right. The only instrumentation that is
aboard it satellite were two radio tracking beacons. These 
had nothing to do with communications. They did not receive
any signals and return them in any way. They were merely markers because, so that we could track the satellite by means of the Minitrack
system so we would know where it is.
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: They are mounted on the skin of the satellite. 
Mrs. WERS: I was interested in this display. The CHAIRMAN: That is the Goodyear. That is what I am going to
your instrumentation, in any of these things, the man and instruments
 are to come in by these comes, there is nothing but pressure in what is
being inflated?
Mr. LOPIN: The men say in the reentry capsule or the command 
module, whatever you want to call it, until it is inflated, and then they
enter. It is like a balloon instrument would be and it, of course, in
the deflation as it is folded.
Mrs. WERS: You could put some 
How in fact you put it together.
The CHAIRMAN: Before I recognize the next member for questioning, I present a written presentation require. We have three witnesses from Goodyear.
Your CHAIRMAN: I will recognize Mr. King, and then if there is no 
objection -
Mr. ICING: I yield to Mr. Hechler on the ground of seniority.