The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

As an OCR system, I have extracted all the text from the document:

Usually small. The moon was approaching its first quarter and only 22% of the surface visible from the earth was illuminated. The semiameter on this date was 15' 13.9".

6. When a ray of light consisting of vibrations of the same wave length encounters  a surface sloping at an angle with the ray, a portion of the light is reflected from the surface and the remainder is refracted, when the ray passes from a denser to a rarer medium. This bending of the light rays is directly affected by differences in the velocities of the waves of different wave lengths. The shorter the wave length the more the ray is bent under the same conditions. The colors of the spectrum are affected by this phenomena - the rays of shorter wave lengths such as violet and blue light are more bent than the longer rays of the red end of the spectrum. If a ray of light should, therefore, be composed of waves of varying frequencies, the refracted rays would be separated into their component colors, as in a prism. This decomposition of a ray into its constituent colors is called dispersion. The number of layers resulting in a curved path rather than one band as when the light is of uniform frequency.

However, variations we have an increase in temperature with altitude, and  density of the atmosphere which causes a bending of the rays as a function of density with altitude.

7. When the moon is just rising or setting it often assumes an elliptical shape rather than the circular shape familiar to us. This is caused by the refraction of the upper and lower edges of the moon's disk by the atmosphere. The refraction is greater at the lower edge than the upper, due to the denser atmosphere near the horizon, and tends to flatten the upper portion and bulge the lower. This gives the illusion that the moon is larger when it is just rising or setting.

8. It was concluded by the investigators that the object viewed by the witnesses in Akron, Ohio, on 21 January 1961 was the settling moon distorted by atmospheric refraction. This conclusion is substantiated by the facts that the moon at this time of the morning of 21 January 1961 was in the conditions described - i.e. the illusion of an object remaining stationary to the southeast and with some occuring after 0305 which is only one minute after the moon's setting on 21 January 1961.