The image contains a photograph showing a star map of the southern sky in April. The map depicts the locations of constellations such as Leo, Gemini, and Canis Minor. No human faces or identities are present in the image.

ASTRONOMY
SCIENCE NEWS LETTER FOR MARCH 25, 1961

Lion Shines High in South
Leo, the lion, roams the southern sky in April. Gemini, 
the twins (with Orion hunting) wil set toward mornings 
and Canis Minor, in the west, James Stokley reports.

A brighter in the south on April 1. Little Dipper" and Cassiopeia areseentothe north. 
Venus is the con-spicuous object in the western evening sky. 
Mars appears low in the northeast and Jupiter in the south.

As April progresses, Leo, the lion, will move across the sky ahead of the sun. By the time the lion reaches the western horizon, it will be near the time of sunset. Jupiter is also a con-spicuous object in the southern sky and will be seen most of the night.

Venus and Mercury (which is not visible at all in the south-ern evening sky) reach their greatest brilliance about mid-April. The disk of Venus is about 60 per cent full. We get a good view of it at this time as the planet is then at its nearest to the earth and summer-brightest.

Mars is Only Evening Planet
Mars is now seen in the west and will be visible in the evening sky through April. This planet is much fainter than Venus and cannot be observed as readily after sunset.

The only other planet visible is Jupiter, which can be seen in the south after dark. This giant of the solar system reached opposition last December, when it came within 413,000,000 miles of the earth. It has been growing larger and brighter in our skies, and now shines as a brilliant star low in the south at evening.

The twin stars of the constellation Gemini, Castor and Pollux, set before midnight, and the famous "Dog Star," Sirius in Canis Major, also sets in the west before the end of the night.

This is the season when the celestial spectacle of Orion the Hunter is seen best in the south after dark. He is retiring to the southwest and will soon be lost from view. The constellation Ursa Major, the Big Dipper, is high in the northeast at nightfall, while the Little Dipper and Cassiopeia are seen to the north.