The image does not contain any photograph. However, it is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
MR. HECHLER: A number of advantages have been cited for inflatable structures. I think one advantage of inflatable structures is their smaller cost. Mr. O'Sullivan, I am surprised that you would consider this as a disadvantage rather than an advantage. This would be our obligation, of course, to make sure we expand the economy that supports them rather more necessary.
I think one advantage of inflatable structures is their smaller cost. It would seem to me that we could present any comparable figures that will serve as a basis for comparison.
MR. O'SULLIVAN: I am sorry that I am ill-prepared to quote any comparable costs figures. I have to say that I was concerned with the cost analysis of the Echo I and the Echo II satellites and also the Explorer satellites, which we conclude to be rather large as compared to the cost of which we had a clear idea of how to proceed. This is one way that costs can be cut down.
MR. HECKLER: If I may understand a second, I am surprised that you are of the opinion that the inflatable structure would considerably less than that of a different type. Will you confirm that I cannot answer your question with regard to the numbers.
One thing that I want you to keep in mind:
The CHAIRMAN: Could you talk a little louder?
MR. KARFS: Yes, the question as to the comparative costs. I would make this comment, that in the development of any new system, whether it be an inflatable space station or a recovery vehicle or what have you, a very large part of the cost is in the R & D that has to go into the development.
I would guess this is relatively large as compared to the cost of the actual metal or fabric or whatever you have to use to make the thing off.
MR. HECHLER: I would suggest maybe that Goodyear might want to help you on the R & D. 
The CHAIRMAN. Mr. King, I recognized you.
I don't want to interrupt you.
The CHAIRMAN: Unless there is an urgent question, let's ask these two witnesses for a while Goodyear an opportunity to put on its case.
GOODYER REPRESENTATIVE: From the witnesses in the communications industry who were here, they estimated all the way from $500 million to $800 million for a 25 to activation satellite communication system. Could you estimate the cost for approximately that many passive systems where the duration would be from 5 to 10 years; could you give me a figure on that or could you not?
MR. O'SULLIVAN: I am sorry that I am not in a position to try to give you a figure on that.
MR. KARFS: Would you try to prepare one and give it to the committee for the minutes?
MR. O'SULLIVAN: I think we could do that.