There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Mercury report document.

PROJECT MERCURY
26 qualification test program: Qualifications have included the general requirements for performance, humidity, salt spray, fungus, immersion, sand and dust settling, shock vibration, radio noise, overboard capability, electrical rupture, endurance, operating force mechanism, short-circuiting characteristics, and retention forces as applied to the specific device. Special testing such as air leakage through bulkhead connectors, overvoltage, insulation resistance, operating pressure, and insulation resistances under environmental conditions, input requirements, electrical efficiency, system environment, etc., are also conducted in accordance with the specific Mercury conditions.
Capsule deliveries: The first McDonnell capsule was delivered to NASA on January 27, 1960, less than a year after the contract with McDonnell was signed. This capsule was essentially only an external shell; however, and did not contain most of the internal systems that would be required for manned flight. 
The second MC capsule (17-1) was delivered to NASA on March 14, 1960, and the third and fourth were delivered in the last week of July. The first capsule that contains most of the systems and subsystems that will be necessary for manned flight is the first Redstone capsule. This capsule had been delivered by the end of April 1961.
The first MC capsule, completely outfitted with all systems and development subsystems, was first delivered for engineering inspection at the McDonnell factory. The purpose of this inspection was to ascertain that the capsule was safe for manned flight. Representatives of NASA, MAC, USAF, and the Department of Defense participated. This detailed engineering inspection was connected with advanced development programs. It focused the attention of a large group of specialists on capsule system details and operational procedures. Following this inspection, the functional checks at the McDonnell factory before being shipped to Cape Canaveral, Fla., for flight readiness activities. 
Success of the orbital flight test program in April 1961 will depend largely on results from orbital flight tests. Should major difficulties be encountered during testing, production of subsequent capsules will, of course, need to be interrupted for design changes and retrofitting. As has been described before, actions are inherent in high-priority advanced development programs which must undertake to compress the overall program timetable.
FLIGHT PROGRAM
The pocket-boosted Mercury flight program consists of a research and development phase and a qualification phase, as well as a manned orbital phase. For research and development, simplified unmanned flights to test and develop systems prior to manned flights began in 1959.