There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document containing text only.

PROJECT MERCURY
to command retrofjring, thus controlling the landing point, at any time during the last or the first complete orbit.
The problem is then reduced to finding as accurately as possible
the orbital conditions that will permit the capsule to complete one and
one-half orbits.
When these conditions are defined completely in the
regions of visibility, the pilot will receive the necessary orbital
information in order to decide whether the mission should be allowe
to proceed.
After a successful orbit has been achieved, the pilot will report to
the remote stations the variables overridden; telemetry signals will be
received, and tracking data will be recorded. The remote sites in
formation will be sent back to the Mercury control center.
All voice communication from the aircraft and ground stations are
in real time. The information is calculated at the Goddard Computing Center and is sent
out to the remote sites.
If conditions become unsatisfactory within the remote center
it is imperative that remote sites be kept up to date on these items.
As the time of recovery is approached, the control center will be supplied with tracking data from the computers at Goddard and the precise orbit determination will be made in real time.
recovery
The probability of capsule landing locale varies throughout the
stages of the recovery, the greater initial stages of establishing the recovery requirements.
The basic philosophy of recovery in the Mercury program is (1) in the normal landing area; (2) in those areas where landings would occur
on a chance on abort following the early stages of flight; and (3) some each orbit. Rapid recovery applies that location and retrieval indicators are in these areas.
The recovery time for a manned flight is estimated to be six hours.
All of the recovery areas resulting from this recovery philophy are located in the North Atlantic Ocean. The probability of containing all landing points within these areas is very high.
The planned recovery areas are shown in figure 26. In addition to
the nine areas depicted, a launch site recovery area exists at Cape
Canaveral in the event of abort during the final countdown.
The Air Force and Navy will furnished coordinated sea and air
recovery forces that will have the capability to effect recovery for a capsule on land or in the water.
Should an unsatisfactory condition develop during launch, a mission will be aborted so that building from such conditions will be confined in areas one through six. If the orbital parameters at insertion
are unsatisfactory and if the capsule systems are functioning properly at that time, the pilot will make his decision at orbital insertion, the abort procedures will be such that all landings will be confined in areas five or six.