The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with text describing inflatable structures in space.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
land on it. You might say, "I want to land on Island 9-A," and you would fly in as a conventional airplane. When it gets to the low altitude, it would begin to inflate and would become the size of the normal airplane that it would operate. 
If you were going to put it into orbit, Figure 26 is looking down on the top of the world. This is a cross-section of some place like Vanguard. You see, if this is the footprint of it as penetrating capability, it would be particularly large and smooth. This would have a very particular shape.
Now we have one thing that is inflated to a very large field light, wings, as don't know don't say particularly large field because of the light. When this thing is inflated, it would be something like this. It would normally cover and you can see the way it opens. This would normally cover the orbital shell that you put it in. When it opens, it opens to that shape and you now have a lifting type of vehicle that is designed and yet doesn't go to the aerodynamic shape to which it was fabricated.
When it can many any other type of vehicle. The work that needs to be done is to develop the materials that are needed to withstand the re-entry conditions that we will encounter on this kind of vehicle. We soon as that is done, we will be able to fly in from outer space.
More show ng the structure opening in tunnel.
You know, this is an example of what would happen in the sub-orbital show how those inflated things would move on and open wings in that atmosphere.
The shot is in a wind tunnel and trying to open the wings with air going by. You will find that this thing is going to be tested and a about to leave good wind air coming by encounter they can time.
There are four shots here. This thing opens in about a second.
The next one we put it at a high angle to see whether it would affect it. It looks like this is a very promising area. We should be able to go on look for re-entry vehicles or both the lifting and drag type.