There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of text from a document, which appears to be an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

I will now act as an OCR (optical character recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

I had both men trace out the apparent path and the path crossed the meridian at an elevation of about 30°. The path did not come any where near the zenith, as was originally indicated.
The lights apparently began their motion at the instant that the numerous lights appeared. The lights preserved their particular pattern and moved across the sky as a small, compact cluster that could easily have been covered by the thumbnail held at arm's length. Apparently the two lights may have seen like a single luminous sphere around the field, but he was not sure. Both men insisted that the six bright light was there and stationary at least three or four minutes before it was seen to break up into smaller lights.
The breakup apparently was not explosive as indicated earlier but they appeared in a sudden fashion. I asked the men to think calmly about how long it took the cluster of lights to fade to the disappearance point. The lights just faded out in the distance and then it was difficult to tell it down independent on seeing that I had provided them with.
When I opened the papers the results of the ballot was 3 minutes and 4 minutes. Both men, incidentally, confirmed the fact the cluster of lights was trailed by an "itty bitty a light" that differed from the others in color, apparently being more reddish, and which emitted sparks. Questioned about the sparks, he said that there was just an occasional spark from the light, perhaps about 2 an all during the interval.
The conclusion proceeded successively on the noise and no incident of coming back to the subject or attempting to knock them would shake them from the fact that the noise real and very easily audible after the tractors had been shut off. who had served with SACD as an engine mechanic, knows his planes and prided himself during his Air Force term of duty that he could recognize various types of planes at considerable distances by the sound of their motors. He did not concentrate on the lights but on the sound and was attempting to turn over in his mind during the entire sighting just what type of engine it might be. He could identify no single engine. The noise resembled that of a diesel, of a pulsating jet, and of the rumble of thunder; he said sound effects run might have produced it by shaking a large piece of tin.
The time of this sighting apparently is determined to plus or minus 5 minutes of 11:45 PM on November 20th (incidentally the date of the original report, November 15, is in error), the accuracy being ascribable to the fact that the boys had determined that they would not be home until their parents became uneasy and so noted the time.