The image contains a table titled "Table III - Personnel manning requirements, Mercury worldwide tracking and communications network." The table lists various sites and their personnel requirements, such as Cape Canaveral, Grand Bahama, Atlantic Ship, and others. There is no photograph present in this image.

TEXT OUTPUT:
PROJECT MERCURY
TABLE III.—Personnel manning requirements, Mercury worldwide tracking and communications network
Site	M and O	Organization
personnel	requirement
Cape Canaveral	34	DOD-AMIR
Grand Bahama	3	DOD -AMR
Antigua	19	DOD -AMR Contract
Atlantic Ship	14	DOD -AMR
Canary Islands	15	DOD -AMR
Ascension Island	20	DOD-AMR
Indian Ocean Ship	40	DOD-AMR
Kano, Nigeria	25	DOD -AMR
Muchea, Australia	20	DOD-AMR
Zanzibar	18	DOD-AMR
Corpus Christi	25	DOD-AMR
Guaymas, Mexico	20	DOD-AMR
Kodiak, Alaska	8	DOD-AMR
Point Arguello	25	DOD-AMR
Hawaii	25	DOD-AMR
Woomera, Australia	45	WRE (Weapons Research Establishment)
The project has now crossed the threshold of a major flight test program of short- and long-range ballistic flights, leading first to minimum flights and later on to manned orbital flights late in 1961 if all goes well.
This phase, Mercury is being pursued with the greatest sense of urgency. Problems, demands, and costs that the project will supply answers to many questions that must be answered before one can proceed with the next step in the manned space program. Before future pro grams can go very far downstream, much must be learned about man's capabilities in space and about the technology of manned space flight.
As mentioned previously, Mercury carries a national DO priority that the Department of Defense will move forward with great speed. The implementation of a project such as Mercury, demands on continuing basis, boundless energy, enthusiasm, and determination. Work on Project Mercury, both at the construction facilities in the US and the Mercury facilities ashore, has been continuous and intensive.
All members of the Mercury team, be they in NASA, DOD, or in private industry, are making every effort to meet the goals established for them. It must be recognized, however, that Project Mercury is a research and development program, and therefore, does not lend itself to the firm fixed-date production program. It is possible that such target dates must be changed as new knowledge is gained or more clearly defined and scheduled required to overcome them. After all, it is never easy to condition men to overcome time. There would be no reason, however, to believe that the target dates that have been established for Project Mercury, target dates for delivery of components, subsystems and complete capsules. Also included are target dates for respective preparation sequences and launch periods.