13

Right.

Do you recall what your altitude was at this time?

6000.

And what was the altitude of the object?

Between 6500 and 7000.

And at this time how close do you estimate you were?

I would guess between 3 and 5 miles.

During the complete observation, in regard to the flight path,--was it--did it travel from one side to the other--up or down?

Well, it was standing practically still in the sky. It seemed to be in a little rocking motion. There would be times when it would rock up so that the sun would reflect on it and there were other times when it would rock down flat to where it looked almost straight like a pencil. So I was looking at the side view of it. It seemed to be a little wobbling motion while it was standing almost still. When it began to move, it went straight up like an elevator for a little and then moved off toward the south, still climbing at a fairly steep angle, possibly a 30° angle, going up and then stopped again, or seemed to stand still, in the neighborhood of the Utah Lake Orem, almost directly over the position of the Utah Lake Orem as near as I could tell from where I was. It stayed in that position for possibly a minute or two, maybe a little longer than that, and then made a turn toward the west on a heading I would imagine about 245 or 250° heading and still climbing on an angle a little less sharp--possibly a 20° angle and disappeared out of sight in just a few seconds--a second or two.

At this time could you get an estimate of the speed, or was it too fast?

Way too fast. When it did decide to go, it really went; and it was clearly visible and disappeared going away from me in a period of a second or two at the very outside.

In relation to the speed of manned aircraft, say possibly 300 mph, would it be faster than that?

Oh, much faster. I would say probably up in the thousands. The acceleration was extremely fast. Almost like it was being fired by a rocket or something, except that there was no trail, no vapor, nothing visible in the way of our planes.

Was that the case both when it moved straight upward and then when it moved out of sight?

When it moved straight up it went much more slowly, and it seemed to move at a steady rate. It didn't seem to be accelerating greatly as it was moving straight up but as it began to move off on an angle it was moving quite rapidly. In fact I would say that it covered the area from the inside the point of the valley to