The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter from the Air Intelligence Office (ATIC-IX-3) regarding an unidentified flying object observation. The letter is addressed to Mr. [redacted] of North Plainfield, New Jersey and is dated May 8, 1961.

The text content of the document is as follows:

Air Intelligence Office (ATIC-IX-3)
Unidentified Flying Objects
8 May 1961

Mr. [redacted]
North Plainfield, New Jersey

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Your letter of 1 May 1961, regarding your sighting of a "flying object" on 30 April 1961, has been given to this office for appropriate action.

The information concerning the results of UFO investigations we have gathered over the years indicates that some of these reports do have a factual basis, and we have responsibility now to investigate them further. We hope you will soon receive helpful information directly from this investigation.

As for your report on your observation of 30 April, and your request for additional information, this letter presents the initial evaluation of the information you have provided. From an initial study, the object you saw appears to be a reliable classification of all aerial phenomena requiring careful scientific analysis. The object is said to have been observed by several persons and to have exhibited some unusual characteristics, such as unusual speed as well as optical instruments and other scientific equipment. Your attention is directed to the caution expressed in our letter as to the danger involved in attempting to approach or identify such objects, as the methods necessary for a reliable classification of the object that you saw could be hazardous.

However, we appreciate your cooperation in reporting your observations, and we can assure you that all reports of this kind, indicating the appearance of unidentified flying objects, are carefully considered. No suggestion as to the identification of the object you observed can be made at this time, as the investigation is considered to be warranted. Any further suggestion or information will be promptly supplied to you. This report, with the details obtained at that installation, will then be forwarded to the nearest Air Force installation.

Sincerely,

LES H. STRAHL
Deputy Chief
Air Intelligence Office