There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The image shows a typed Task Activity Report with textual information.

PPT NO.
ITEM V (Cont)
The family went out the family went outside during the observation of the incident. It was also stated that the daughter the daughter who is a business trip, both incidents occurred approximately 15 the same way from Akron, Ohio, Nov, 22, 1960. During the interview, Mr. showed us the location of the incident both from their sighting or observation/behavior. (Continued)

At the termination of the Interview, contact was made with Mr. of the UFO Research Committee, Akron, and an interview was established.

Mr. brought along to the interview his assistant, Mr. At first the two gentlemen were very unfriendly, due mainly to previous undue treatment directed to them due to their publicity, a great deal sensitive to the Dept of Defense.

During the 7 hours of interview Mr. shown us every consideration, took us to interview a Mrs. whose home is located in the neighborhood, and had a Mr. join us and related how he had also reported the sighting to the Committee. The committee has complied throughout the processing the great deal of UFO work he and his assistants.

While at the home we listened and recorded taped interviews of 8 other individuals made by Mr. 10:30 p.m., Mrs. age 31, & her 11 year old daughter, and Mr. age 30 p.m. - all of whom related of their sightings. NORAD did not report their sightings of a UFO officially except to Mr. who has had interviews with them recorded on tape.

During our interview with bought out the very irritating fact of the great amount of trouble he and other conscientious citizens have had dealing with various government officials, especially with the Dept. of Defense. Their attitude, he claimed, is unacceptable and ridiculous, and indicated that this official has treated him with childish discontent. 

We also had an interview with Akron's Civilian Defense Office. She was very cooperative and has offered to us (USAF representatives) the use of any/all of the city's services at any time even the use of her offices as our headquarters in the future should need arise.

ATIC FORM 46b This form supersedes ATIC Form 46 b, which is obsolete.