There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Mercury, which was a U.S. human spaceflight program. The text in the document outlines an agreement between the Chief of Naval Operations and the NASA Space Task Group, detailing the principles and procedures for reimbursement of various costs incurred in participation with recovery operations.

The text of the document is as follows:

PROJECT MERCURY

AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE CHIEF OF NAVAL OPERATIONS AND THE 
NASA SPACE TASK GROUP

Subject: Principles and procedures for reimbursement of costs incurred in participation with recovery operations.

Reference: (a) Discussion 2053(b)(6): National Aeronautics and Space
Act of 1958. 
(b) Agreement between the Department of Defense and
National Aeronautics and Space Administration, 
dated 21 JUN 1959.

1. Background: As outlined in reference (b), the National Aeronautics and Space Administration is authorized, with their consent, to utilize the personnel, services, equipment, facilities and other resources of the Department of Defense, with or without reimbursement, and requires such agencies to cooperate fully with the NASA in such regard. Reference (a) sets forth the general principles governing the reimbursement of the Department of Defense by NASA for the use of its services, personnel, equipment and supplies.

2. Purpose: It is the purpose of this agreement to-
a. Outline the elements of cost incident to NASA's participation
in recovery operations outside the normal NASA budgetary and accounting procedures.
b. Provide a sound basis for budgetary planning and to insure 
that such budgetary costs involved are adequately funded.

3. Definitions: Recovery operations include, but are not necessarily limited to: pickup and ships, craft, aircraft, training and tests of various types at predetermined bases or areas in relation to the particular mission, search and recovery of personnel and devices of recovery techniques.

4. Basis for reimbursement and allowable costs:
a. Ship days and aircraft hours utilized in direct support of Project Mercury operations, and therefore subject to reimbursement, are determined by the Chief, Force(s) in computing the ship days and aircraft hours subject to the provisions of this agreement. It is recognized that a portion of the total hours down-incident to direct support of Project Mercury may be unique Navy effort such as training and other activity, Navy readiness requirements such as squadron shakedown and sea trials. The determination thereof shall be made, as above, by the fleet commander or his designated representative(s).
b. Based upon prevailing Bureau of Ships and Bureau of Weapons cost factors, the following schedules shall be included in arriving at the total reimbursable cost.