There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page of text from a Project Blue Book document.

Transcribing the text:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

Handles and general overall contours are concerned, although the drawing that is made of the jug does not by any means bear a close-to-scale resemblance with the jug concerned.

In view of the fact that it is not our practice to investigate cases in which there is only one observer (since such cases are a priori suspect of mental aberration), this case should not be given too much weight and certainly one cannot expect any sort of a definite solution.

From the appearance of the man, his habits of life and his evident mental qualities, it would appear to be sure that the discussion was just an hallucination and a mental aberration. The presence of the NICAP judge in the picture probably accounts in large part for the embellishment of the story and the publicity it has attracted.

It would be the advice and opinion of your consultants that the Air Force in discussing this case should hold fast to the advisability of the general policy of not considering any such incidental or report from a single individual, and so state that this case was investigated solely because of its possible nuisance value and because there will undoubtedly be an attempt made to jackpot this incident into a full-fledged production.

The judge already intends to have public lectures in which he will describe this thing and answer questions and this, of course, means undoubtedly there will be public lectures with paid admission. There seems to be some indication that since such shows are a tourist attraction this summer, and the like, this place will be a tourist attraction this summer, and the like.

He has already received many letters which he has kindly allowed to be read. The general tenor was that this had been a privileged communication and that the Air Force in divulging any information or particularly, of giving this communication is a violation of his privileged position.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY