The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document containing text detailing the cost of a ship day and aircraft type vessel and aircraft, which are subject to reimbursement by NASA. The text covers various aspects such as non-scheduled repairs, fuel consumption, costs of overhauls, and various cost estimates related to Project Mercury.

PROJECT MERCURY
The cost of a ship day and aircraft type vessel and aircraft, 
which are subject to reimbursement by NASA:
(1) Ships:
(a) Non-scheduled repairs, based on current experience, by 
type calculated on a ship-day basis.
(b) Scheduled repairs and supplies, and spare parts.)
based on current consumption by ship type, calculated on a ship-
day basis.
(c) Fuel, based on average barrels consumed per hour under-
way X 24 hours = Navy stock fund price per barrel.
(2) Aircraft:
(a) Non-scheduled repairs, hourly cost, by type, to include:
(b) Lube oil.
(c) Consumable supplies and spare parts.
(d) Prorated cost of airframe rework and engine overhaul,
as authorized under current NASA contracts or supplemental
agreements, to be applied as a monthly fixed charge per aircraft.
(e) Costs on installability and removal of NASA furnished equipment.
7. Costs on installability and removal of NASA furnished equipment.
Travel, per diem, telephone costs, photography, and other incidental costs of Project expenditures.
For the administration and control of financial administration.--R. Estimates.--
Fiscal year 1960 and fiscal year 1961 budget estimates of the cost of 
support of Project Mercury will be submitted to NASA as required.  NASA will 
determine on an individual project basis the requirements, and will order and 
direct the contractor. Accordingly, both estimates and orders are subject
to such determinations. Charges: (1) Charges for actual ship days and aircraft hours, 
subject to limitation billings, billed monthly, will be billed quarterly. 
(2) Charges for costs incurred by a field activity of the Shore Establishment will be billed by the field activity concerned on a monthly 
or less frequent basis, as mutually agreed. (3) Billings on I-1050 will be submitted monthly to NASA-Space Task 
Group Budget and Finance Office, Langley Field, Virginia.

Dated March 30, 1960.

Roger B. Chauncey
Director of Project Mercury.

J. B. Whittaker
Vice Chief of Naval Operations.