The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from a document, specifically an account of an "abducted" woman describing her incredible experience.

Part Two: An "abducted" woman describes her incredible experience
BY JOHN G. FULLER

RETURNING FROM a brief vacation in Canada in September, 1961, Barney and Betty Hill had a deeply disturbing experience that they could remember only vaguely. They had sighted what may have been an Unidentified Flying Object that seemed to follow their car. Their anxiety about the incident led them to the office of Dr. Benjamin Simon, the distinguished Boston psychiatrist, on December 14, 1963. Because of the disclosure of the Hills' conscious recollection of the episode, Dr. Simon decided to question them under hypnosis in January and February 1964 in order to determine more clearly the nature of their experience. Under hypnosis, he was able to elicit from them recollections of an extremely unusual experience. It was later a study and reference.

During World War II, Dr. Simon as Chief of Neuropsychiatry and Executive Officer at Mason General Hospital, had extensive experience with hypnosis in the treatment of many psychological disorders among military personnel.

Barney Hill, who is a Negro, told of the journey from the Canadian border to their home in Portsmouth, N. H., and described a glowing orb that seemed to follow them during part of their trip. Under hypnosis, he re-created the scene in much greater detail, and added an incident he had not mentioned during the earlier interview. The low-flying UFO had descended. Hill said the objects and humanoid creatures had then blocked the road. They had "abducted" him and carried him aboard the UFO for a strange physical examination. After several sessions with Barney, Dr. Simon decided to question Betty Hill, who is white, under hypnosis as well.

Within the first minutes of her trance, Betty Hill recalled a story that was remarkably similar to the one Dr. Simon had heard from her husband. After she and Barney had a number of close encounters with these celestial creatures on the highway they came to a clearing - and there they were standing beside their car, and then came to themselves on the highway again. At that point, "a kind of daze 'overcame her," she said. "And the men took them both back into the car," she continued. "And I turn around, and I say: "Barney, Wake up!" - And he doesn't pay any attention. He keeps walking. 

One of the men walking beside Betty said: "Don't be afraid. We're not going to harm you." These men spoke good English. Betty. Only one spoke - "He had sort of a foreign accent. . . .We kept walking, and we came to a clearing. . .The object was on the ground. . .I think it was the same one I had been watching in the sky. . .and they're taking me up to the object. I didn't want to go on inside, but the man beside me says to go on. . So I go inside, and one of the others takes my arm. . . I go inside, and there's a corridor. I turn around, and I'm waiting for them to bring Barney in. But they just Barney right past the door where I'm standing, I said: "What are you doing with Barney?" The man said: "No, we only have equipment enough to examine one person at a time. And if we tried to do both in the same room, it would take too long. Another room comes in . . .I think he's a doctor. . .They put up the sleeve of my dress, and they look at my arm. . .and then they turn my arm over, and they look at the underside. . .And they rub, they have a machine. . .it's something like a microscope, only a microscope with a big lens. . .I had an idea they were taking a picture of my skin. . .And then they took something like a little paper opener - only it wasn't a - and they scraped my arm. . .And there was like little - you know - like little particles of skin? And they took a piece of cellophane or plastic or something, like little particles of skin? And they took a piece of cellophane or plastic or something.