There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Mercury, a space program conducted by the United States government.

PROJECT MERCURY
DEPARTMENT OF STATE
DIVISION OF LANGUAGE SERVICES
(Translation)

MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS
Madrid, March 18, 1960.

No. 191.
HIS EXCELLENCY W. PARK ARMSTRONG,
Charge d'Affaires ad interim of the United States of America, Madrid.

EXCELLENCY: I have the honor to refer to your note No. 397, dated March 11, the Spanish translation of which I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note. Excellency, I have the honor to refer to present discussions between our two Governments regarding the program of scientific non-military cooperation between Spain and the United States, as proposed by your Government, for scientific non-military purposes, a facility for which is required by the United States as part of a world-wide network of tracking stations assisting in connection with its manned satellite program, known as "Project Mercury", under which the United States is undertaking certain activities into orbital flight and other space exploration.

"The Government of Spain, desiring to cooperate with the United States in this scientific program and anxious to contribute to the knowledge of man's spatial environment and its properties, has authorized the establishment of a tracking and communications facility for such purposes on Grand Canary Island. Such a facility is required by the United States as part of a world-wide network of tracking stations assisting in connection with its manned satellite program, known as "Project Mercury", under which the United States is undertaking certain activities into orbital flight and other space exploration.

"The Government of the United States, for its part, shall consider this contribution as a useful one for the establishment and operation of the facility to be located at the southern end of the Grand Canary Island, the site of which has been concurrently approved by the two Governments. The United States Government shall be represented by the Instituto Nacional de Tecnica Aeronautica, hereinafter referred to as the 'INTA'.

"The Government of the United States, for its part, shall consider the establishment of this facility as a useful contribution to the program of scientific non-military cooperation between Spain and the United States. Accordingly, the Government of the United States accepts the offer of the Government of Spain to establish this facility and agrees to the following general principles and procedures:

..."