There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. 

Transcribing the text found in the document:

"Nesmith Lake Police Attitude on 'Flying Object' Rejected By Council

The council concerned tonight in UFO Action aries' reply was in the negative area of unidentified flying objects. 
The Council gave official attitude that any member of the public who reports an unidentified flying object should not be ridiculed or accused of being 'imaginative.'

It was pointed out that there is wide public interest in these phenomena which should be treated with fairness and without prejudice.

Council members referred to a recent case in the Nesmith Lake area in which local police were criticized for their attitude toward a report of an unidentified flying object.

That matter will be investigated further, the Council said.

Saucer Laws Needed
The UFO Action aries suggested that any citizen who wishes to complain about the treatment which Akron families received in the Nesmith Lake report on an unidentified flying object be permitted to make a report to the Council.

The flying saucer group says somebody at the police station received the report and then 'laughed it off' in a derogatory manner. The letter asks Council to uphold the rights of citizens to report such observations without fear of ridicule.

The Council's first reaction was to wonder if the Police Department staff had been fair in their treatment of the citizens making the report. Instead of taking the matter to Council, the listeners were told to take UFO reports seriously is only part of what is involved here.

Seeming to conduct of officers who may have scoffed at the report and the public made the Nesmith Lake report seriously. The Council stated it will investigate this matter further, and indicated it was not just in being polite to the public but in making official policy on the handling of such reports.

The Council also indicated it would consider any safeguards or laws needed to protect citizens from unnecessary ridicule or other improper treatment when making UFO reports in the Nesmith Lake area.

The Council resolved to look into the matter further."