The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with text describing a UFO sighting incident.

ORIGINATING AGENCY: OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS, Anti- Submarine Air Group, USARMY, ALEXANDRIA, WASHINGTON
When the hatch was closed, its outline could not be discerned. The intense yellow-green color returned to the normal 22 or 23 feet diameter and descended to the South. It disappeared in about 2 seconds. The observer said he withhold calling anyone until 20 April when he was here.
16. The disposition of the four pancakes received from the alleged UFO occupants is as follows:
a. One-half cake to NICAP, Washington, D. C.
b. One-half cake to Dr. J. A. Hynek, Dearborn University, Evanston, Illinois.
c. One-half cake to writer of this report (exhibit attached).
d. Remaining one and one-half cakes, less a sample nibble by Joe Simonton, in his possession.
17. A Judge was telephonically questioned in connection with the sighting and said that he has no further statement to make than the original report form. It is considered that no further investigation in this case is warranted at this time since the finding was apparently a result of being unidentified and not a result of any malfunction in aircraft or evasive aerial phenomena. Further inquiry locally concerning Judge and the witnesses were out that he shall examine the official case file and determine if any further explanation for the sighting can be corroborated. A negative review and final close-out of this case was recommended.
18. Mrs. Reid was interviewed because her name was signed to the original form. She said she was the first person to hear Judge laughing, but she did not observe the object. She pointed out that Judge said that he tossed the pancakes up to the craft, and said it tasted like sawdust. She concluded that Judge was not reacting over-excited and assured that he was not joking or making up the story.
19. A thorough investigation was carried out to ascertain complete background of the incident, however, that the Sheriff's Office of Eagle River, Wisconsin received a number of reported sightings and that the Air Force at the time investigated but concluded that the incident would be classified inconclusive due to lack of sufficient evidence to support the report.