The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a historical record of the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR output:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFOSR-3c                                                  5 JUNE 1961

SUBJECT:  UFO SIGHTING, EAGLE RIVER, WISCONSIN, 18 APRIL 1961

TO:  SAFOI-3c (Major Coleman)

1. The attached report was received from the U.S. Air Force Investigators that at 0100 on 18 April 1961, he witnessed a UFO sighting while on duty near Eagle River, Wisconsin. He was accompanied by four (4) other persons for providing the watch and the sighting was observed by all five (5) individuals.

2. This case was brought to the attention of the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC) on 25 April 1961 by the United States Air Force School of Aerospace Medicine. The request was made to evaluate the reported incident. Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Chief of Northwestern University Astronomical Observatory, has been contacted and further details are being obtained.

3. It is reported that, on 18 April 1961 at 0100 hours, the witness reported he observed a brilliant light which appeared to be hovering over his home, but much smaller. He looked out of his residence and observed the object ascend rapidly and disappear. The witness said he was not frightened and went out of doors until the object had disappeared. He then returned to his residence and reported the incident to the USAF.

4. It has been reported that there were two apparent trails in the object's path, one above and one below, and that the object appeared in the doorway of the witness's home. The occupant was described as being about five (5) feet in height, heavy in stature, with a heavy black or dark brown full beard, and was wearing a bright silver suit. However, the witness said he was not frightened and went out of doors until the object had disappeared. He then returned to his residence and reported the incident to the USAF.

5. It has been reported that there were two apparent trails in the object's path, one above and one below, and that the object appeared in the doorway of the witness's home. The occupant was described as being about five (5) feet in height, heavy in stature, with a heavy black or dark brown full beard, and was wearing a bright silver suit. However, the witness said he was not frightened and went out of doors until the object had disappeared. He then returned to his residence and reported the incident to the USAF.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY