The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text describing the major functions of each station.

PROJECT MERCURY
Major functions of each station
1. Functions of tracking and ground instrumentation system: The tracking and ground instrumentation systems will provide all phases of the flight. Thus, it will provide continuous prediction of the status of the vehicle and occupant; and will permit the exercise of the command functions.
2. Major Functions of stations: (a) Cape Canaveral, Grand Bahama Island, and Grand Turk Island: The functions to be performed at these stations, as discussed herein, involve ground instrumentation, telemetry, and vehicle communications. It is necessary to utilize equipment at these locations to track, telemeter, and vehicle communications.
From prelaunch through insertion, continuous telemetry, voice communications, and command capability will be provided to the control center. During this same period other data will be made available to the Mercury control center and will provide tracking data from the Atlas sustaining and FPS-16 radar for the computing center. These data are separate from the function of the station as discussed herein.
Telemetry instrumentation and data processing is also necessary in order to permit resetting the retrorocket programming events during reentry and landing.
(b) Bermuda: The Bermuda station will determine if the capsule has been placed into an acceptable orbit and effect an emergency landing in the event of failure to achieve orbit. It will also be provided with the capability to perform this function essentially independent of data from the launch site.
Other functions may be as follows:
(1) To command an abort as directed by the control center in the event of serious capsule equipment failure or pilot difficulty late in the launch phase.
(2) To command and monitor an abort as directed by the control center for impact in a major recovery area in the event of certain propulsion or guidance system malfunctions.
(3) If the flight is normal, tracking and data transmission to the computing center will be required.