There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Mercury report document.

PROJECT MERCURY
All members of the Mercury team, be they in USAF, in DOD, or in private industry, are making every effort to meet the goals established for them.
It must be recognized, however, that Project Mercury is a research and development program, and that this does not lead itself to the firm type of scheduling that can be maintained on a typical production item. Thus, instead, it is only possible to establish target dates with the understanding that these dates are a goal of knowledge is gained.
In Project Mercury, target dates have been established for every facet of the operation. These include target dates for deliveries of parts, components, assemblies, systems, and complete capsules; target dates for capsule environmental tests and pad tests; and target launch periods for all flight tests. As is always the case in a complex research and development program, some of these target dates have been met ahead of schedule, others on schedule, some behind schedule.
Yet, there is always sufficient flexibility in this type of program to allow for some adjustment of schedules. For example, if a certain subsystem evaluation is particularly time-consuming, the impact on the overall program can be minimized if the tests concerned with that subsystem can be slipped without affecting the target date for the systems flight test is missed, other tests might proceed ahead of schedule.
Perhaps the most important target date in the overall Mercury schedule is that for the achievement of manned orbital flight. This was applied that this mission could be accomplished sometime during 1961. It appears recounsered during the flight qualification program, it is likely that this target date will be met.

GENERAL DESCRIPTION
The Mercury program consists of a number of phases, the culminating phase being manned orbital flight for a period of 3-4 hours. Prior to this manned orbital flight, certain phases of the program must be pursued. The design phase of the program was largely completed during 1959; however, as a result of the continuing research and development program, many design refinements and design changes have been made in the basic configuration. The present part of the research and development phase will be completed and the remaining phases of the program will be achieved during 1960. The culmination of this event will be preceded by additional manned ballistic flights, using the Atlas launch vehicle. Let us now examine the mission currently planned for Bermuda. The capsule will be injected into a ballistic trajectory as shown in figure 1. The launch will take place at Cape Canaveral, Fla., and will be in a northeasterly direction towards the island of Bermuda. Initial flight path inclinations and, before the vehicle is over Bermuda, the flight path will be almost vertical; as the velocity increases, however, the flight path inclination will be traveling parallel to the surface of the Earth at orbital velocity.