The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a United States Air Force program established in 1952 to collect and analyze reports of unidentified flying objects.

Major Coleman was writing a letter to Dr. [redacted] on October 30th, 1961. The letter discusses a recent letter received from Major Wm. T. Coleman, Jr., Department of the Air Force, about an unidentified object that was seen. Major Coleman is inquiring if this object could be of importance to the United States government and requesting further information on the matter.

OCR text:

Major Coleman: I have just received a letter from Major Wm T.Coleman,Jr. Department of the Air Force,Office of the Secretary D-DB Project Information Director,in which he states that on October 9th at 10:15 PM Mrs [redacted] spotted an object in the sky over the [redacted] area in the [redacted] Bloc,and from this you told my wife that you have also seen this object at the Presidential Hunt Club.

Would you please let me know if this is important to the United States Government,and can we foreign citizens or civilians see this object in the field please or study it? As I am a captain and had been assigned to the Air Force in the field please do let me know if this is of any importance to carry out a careful and field measure as soon as possible.

What I have seen and I sure that evening,and as soon as I looked at the object I recognized it at once, and was in the field that night made a photo but camera ran out of film, and a long tail, and what as a brilliant light there, and a long tail, and can you also study this film to prove it field measure.

I see this object from above in any plane if you let it, as dusk it would disappear,the front of this object was red.Unless we take more time and look over the measure we may not catch the one we seen that night.Can first of all confirm to me your letter received that certain night and asked me to carry a message to the Presidential Hunt Club.

I see it now it could be Russian made project. Thank you for your party have seen this.Thank you for sending this letter, and it all.

I am enclosing a letter as to where you can send your reply that I am enclosing I request urgent reply and your address you sent some earlier.Kindly send your address.

Sincerely Yours,
[Redacted]