There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. The image shows a page from what looks like a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with handwritten text describing a sighting.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the output of all the text found in the document:

Unclassified (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
REPORTING UNIT: 16 CHICAGO ALDS
CHAD-IR-02-61
PAGE 3 OF 4

The following letter, dated 5 June 1961, was sent by writer to the 6th Group Carrier 98 (AF Reserve) at Grissom AFB, Indiana, and was forwarded to this headquarters.

To whom it may concern,
I have this address from my reporting UFOS.
Maybe this is nothing but June 1st at 9:05 to 9:10 while watching the set in the barn yard my attention was drawn to a large glow in the sky east over Lake Michigan. It was round and much larger than any star so obvious like a miniature moon - I wasn't aware of any movement on its part but later - I quickly called 6 others in my family and was very disappointed when they reached me the glow had died down and "it" was heading toward Chicago settling like an airplane with lights coming on and off on each side.
We watched it til it disappeared - another aircraft had passed it going nearly north - I didn't hear any motors and this was low from where I saw it. (As this point fire original philosophy which has no bearing on this report).
A request for more information was sent to Mr. [redacted] with the following reply:

Dear Sirs,
I hope I describe the side of the UFO right - compared to our brilliant star it was a monster so out of phase in the sky on account of its size. I can't find out if both was visible that night at 9:10 June 1 because I thought I saw some too - but now I'm wondering because this other light went in reverse to the course echo takes. It was much higher, dimmer, and had a faint blue light and also once had this burst of light going from south going West. I know this sighting's altitude, were dimmer and brighter, but I always saw it coming in the other direction.