There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. The image contains only newspaper text.

Transcript of the text in the document:

4-The Times Tuesday, Nov. 14, 1961 Southern Crossing Is Debated

MILLBRAE- A southern crossing of the Bay "should be delayed several" months, Frank Stallman, San Mateo county planning director, reported Wednesday to the advisory committee on a public hearing next month.

It is recommended that the north-south crossing should be delayed until that meeting when more information would be available, Stallman said. The crossing, known as Candlestick Park, has comments pro and con arose from various sections of the district. 

Assemblyman Carl Britschgi will appear before the group on Wednesday, November 22, and the committee on November 29, with the section members on November 29.

Center Plans Reviewed

City planners examined plans for the proposed $500,000 Hills-dale Professional center at 2135 Flores street, just south of Twenty-fifth avenue in Hillsborough, taken November 27.

The building will include a coffee shop, barber shop and meeting rooms. Originally the land was zoned for highrise apartment houses, but the revised applicant, property owner John Pasbrig, plans to use the land differently.

Belmont Reviews Plans

BELMONT - A report on the city would have to set up to fulfill the currant capital budget of the planned civil agency, considers property, recreational projects for land improvement projects, its population growth and a proposed urban renewal project was presented by Mayor Kenneth Dickerson and Councilman J. C. Rehsland at a public meeting in San Mateo here.

In answer to a recommendation some time ago by the Belmont Citizens for Better Government that the city council adopt a comprehensive plan, Dickerson said that the city is preparing for such a plan.

In the first place, Dickerson said, the city is operating as most other cities on the Peninsula by having a basic or general plan which would build future city development.

Recommendations and suggestions for improvements from various civic groups are now under consideration and study as to their feasibility, cost and projected needs by the people of Belmont, the mayor stated.

Councilman Rehsland reported that the recreation commission is planning a "quick program" for development of the 21 acres the city acquired in the Redwood Shores area for future use as a recreation center, with tennis courts to be installed first as an overpass.
Filling of the dump site is being done so rapidly, the council-man said, that he is proposing to the commission that they be asked to scout large for temporary use as a recreation center, with restroom facilities.

It was brought to the attention of the committee that improved public facilities, including buildings, are contemplated and planned. Property acquisition for the new library build-ing in Belmont Park, development of the marina and recreation areas adjacent to the main reservoir have been underway, the council was told.
With a total budget of $1,850,000 in the capital budget, Dickerson said that a report on the financing of these proposed improvements and their priorities will be made public soon. This could run into money, he added, however, that a rehabilitation program of improvement he estimated is possibly more than $600,000, which could run into more money.

Plans and suggested improvements that may by city officials still are under study in the process of securing information on the needs, probable costs and financing of the proposed program.