The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document detailing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting report.

Text extracted from the document:

How long was the object visible? - One hour and forty minutes (Airman Henson), one hour and forty minutes (Airman Elmore), one hour and thirty-five minutes (Sir Mallett), and one hour and thirty minutes (Airman Kelly)

Manner of Observation:
a. Ground-visual (all airmen) 
b. Ground-Electronic, air electronic and aircraft - A/1C Robert L. Donaldson, A/1C Dispatcher, LT. RAYBORN COLE J2-4330 hours Basic Operations. U.S.A.F.
c. USAF Order 13-1, RAPCON was painting a sighting that the Air Police at the ground launched site had called in.
(1) I notified Brush Off Control and they too were painting an object 8-12 miles west of PAM. The object was at first reported 2 miles west of the TACN, then abruptly shifted to 8-12 miles west.
(2) I notified MOADS and they in turn scrambled a Hot Fighter to run on this object. Fighter was airborne in two minutes. Radar was still tracking this object. Fighter didn't see a thing, even though he was getting a sporadic paint on his radar.
(3) Object was at first traveling 2-4 miles an hour, then up to 45 miles an hour. From all indications it was scrambled due to the slowness of it. Prob a F-4.
(4) At approximately 0810C Radar lost contact. I called the Navy Mine Defense Laboratory to see if they had any people on their stations that they have two miles and ten miles out in the bay. Stage #1 and 2 out. No sighting. Stage #2 ten miles out. No report as yet.
(5)contacted the Florida Highway Patrol, Bay County Sheriff, Gulf County Sheriff, Panama City Police. No reports of any sighting at all. Also called Fannin Field - no aircraft or ground reports.
(6) Four Air Policemen saw it - RAPCON. Brush-Off painted it on Radar.

Additional information: GCI - FPS 20, Height Finder - FPS-6, Target Paint - 2000 - 10,000 feet, RAPCON-CPS-18, Target Track consistently on MTT and last seen 9000 feet - NNW - 23 miles.