There is no photograph included in this page of the Project Blue Book document. The page appears to contain text discussing "Inflatable Structures in Space" and a conversation between individuals named Mr. Karth and Mr. O'Sullivan.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE  
Mr. KARTH. How much work has 
been done in the area of inflatable 
structures? The problem is that we 
do not yet know how to build structures that will be reliable - on complements and will be certain that
same that they will encounter in space.
A space station might be employed for 
the development of active communications satellites.
Mr. KARTH. From what NASA has made, shall 
we say the only steps in the direction of active communications satellites 
have been taken?
Mr. KARTH. You are very much in the state of fancy? The reason I ask is because some of the communizations industry 
who have been before the committee have indicated that they have
the capability to build structures and components an active communications
satellite in a matter of 3 or 4 years.
Mr. O'SULLIVAN. I think that is a very difficult question to answer, because we 
do not know what the problems are that we are going to face in trying to make one that is sufficiently reliable that it is worth 
putting that investment into a communications.
But that is the reason why we have pursued first the passive satellite, 
because in order to develop active communications satellites, we must 
first be able to put up there and put in a new tube - one of the reasons that it is quite important to do so is because, for 
example, if we wish to have television communications, then we must be 
able to transmit our pictures. This means technically, in order to be 
able to transmit pictures, we must have a passive satellite system, can it?
Mr. KARTH. This can not be done by a passive satellite system, can it? 
Mr. O'SULLIVAN. It could be done with a passive satellite system
where it is large enough in diameter and where the transmitter on the 
ground is sufficiently powerful and the receiver at the other end of the 
transmission line will be satisfactory.
Mr. KARTH. Is this a capability that you see in Echo II, for example?