14

over the Utah Lake Canal in a matter of one or two seconds. It was moving rapidly and seemed to come to a stop quite suddenly and yet there didn't seem to be any jerkiness to it at all. It was a very smooth controlled maneuver. I would say it was controlled by something or some one -- I don't know.

When this object disappeared, which direction would that be?

It was going toward the west. I would say a; about a 245 or 250 heading.

And did it disappear suddenly or just fade out of sight?

Just faded out. It didn't disappear suddenly. It just faded out. I kept my eye glued right on it, because it was--I mean I could see it was moving away at a great speed and I wanted to see just how long it would take and it was just a second or two until it had faded completely. And it was getting smaller all the time, you could see it was moving away.

It was climbing all the time?

Yes, it was climbing. At a less sharp angle than it went at first. It was probably no more than a 20° angle and maybe even less than that.

What do you estimate the length of time it was under observation?

5-7 minutes.

Was that from the time you first sighted it or when you saw it within 5 miles?

Well, that was from the time I first sighted. My eyes were on it practically all the time except for just a brief moment or two right after I looked when it was raising the gear and checking the instruments inside the ship. When I first sighted it, I didn't think it was anything more than an airplane crossing. I saw the sun reflecting on something up there and I made my takeoff run and when I got up to where I started to make my crosswind leg? I was planning on just coming toward one side in the pattern. I wasn't planning on flying out of the pattern at all. But when I started to make my turn I noticed it was in the same position and I thought this was a little odd for an airplane--it should have moved on. When I took another look at it, I realized it had no tail, no wing, or anything else and I was close enough by then that I should have been able to identify an aircraft. I mean eran to the make and model. So, I turned out of the pattern then and headed down south and I didn't call in until I got close enough to be sure that it wasn't an airplane and then I got on Unicom and called Utah Central and also called Provo Unicom and conversed with both of these groups on it. But Provo said that they couldn't see it from the ground but the Utah Central group could see it all right.

And as far as you know no one in Provo saw it?

They reported that they couldn't see it. They said they had the field glasses and were looking exactly where I told them it was but couldn't see anything. I don't know if the light was bad for them at that angle or what the score was, I don't know.

With regard to your own aircraft, what type is it?