The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
R 7C

REPORT-33
UFO Sighting, Eagle River, Wisconsin, 18 April 1961
2 June 1961

RAPOR-36 (Major Coleman)

1. Mr. AF___ who resides near Eagle River, Wisconsin, related to U.S. AF___ Investigator that on 18 April 1961, he witnessed the landing of a space craft and had contact with the occupants. Investigation of this case on the 27th April 1961 by the AF___ Investigator resulted in increased confirmation of the incident.

2. According to Mr. AF___, on 18 April 1961 at about 12:30 AM, he was awakened by unusual noises and observed from his kitchen window to the west and saw a large saucer shaped object hovering about 15-20 feet above the ground near the rear end of his driveway. He reported the object was about 40-45 feet in diameter and had a flashing light on the top and bottom. It made no sound and remained stationary for about 10 or 15 minutes. Suddenly, a small hatch opened and two beings emerged. He observed them through his kitchen window, the beings were about 4 1/2 - 5 feet tall, wearing tight fitting metallic-like uniforms and smooth helmets. They then re-entered the object, the hatch closed and the object immediately took off vertically with no sound and disappeared.

3. A search was reported to have opened and a man appeared at the door-like opening who was described as being about 5 feet tall, 150 pounds, dressed in a black skull cap, a heavy black turtle neck sweater, tight black pants, and black high-top shoes. The man had no visible features such as eyes, ears, nose or mouth. He appeared to be smooth-shaven. Mr. AF___ said he could not see through the man to the object. He was told by the man to go back into his house which he did. The object was then seen to rise vertically and depart the scene.

4. Investigation of this case was subsequently carried out by the 6720th Radio Squadron, ATIGO, Wausau, Wisconsin. Copies of reports or investigation of this case were furnished to the various intelligence agencies as per correspondence.