The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Mercury document discussing the requirements and agreements for the installation of telecommunication and telegraph facilities, construction of necessary supporting buildings and structures, and the arrangements with the Government of Spain.

SS
PROJECT MERCURY
requirements cannot be made local telephone and telegraph facilities:
and necessary supporting buildings and structures for offices, storage,
housing, sanitation, and personnel. Buildingsprovided necessary. Buildings
will generally be of a standard prefabricated type, transportable in
sections.
Equipment to be installed at the site by equip-
ment to be installed as a part of the facility.
Range, If any, shall be used by the United States and subject to Spain's
obligations under international conventions. The Government of Spain
shall authorize the use of radio frequencies required for the purposes
of the facility. However, the high frequency channels shall be determined by mutual agreement with Spain's Government which shall be
used. All radio operations and transmissions shall be conducted so as not to cause interference with Spanish
allocations.
By agreement of the two Governments, a United States con-
tractor has been assigned to construct the facility. The contractor
shall furnish all material necessary for the erection of the structures
employed and labor to perform the required work. Materials and supplies needed shall be exempt from Spanish customs duties. The Government of Spain shall, upon request of the contractor, assist him
in the local procurement of supplies and services required for the
performance of the work.
The special electronic equipment and related equipment required for the facility shall be United States-type equipment and shall
be installed by United States technicians.
The Government of Spain shall, upon request, take the necessary steps to facilitate the entry into Spain of the personnel, equipment, materials and other items of property furnished by the Government of the United States for the purposes of the facility. Spanish authorities shall be informed in advance through ICMA of the
contents of such shipments. No duty or charge shall be levied
or assessed, either by the Government of Spain or by any other
Spanish authorities, on materials, equipment, supplies, or other
items imported into Spain by the Government of the United States
for use in connection with the facility on the Island of Grand Canary.
No tax or other materials. equipment or other items of movable
property used in connection with the facility shall remain vested in
the Government of the United States. All such property shall become the property of Spain upon completion or earlier termination
of this agreement, unless the Government of the United States shall
otherwise direct.
Material, equipment and property of the Government of the
United States at the facility may be removed free of taxes or duties
by the Government of the United States at any time.
The facility shall be operated by NASA personnel either directly or by
contract with a United States firm. Operational personnel shall be of
United States nationality and shall be utilized in connection with the
operation of the facility. NASA and INTA, shall cooperate to ensure full access by
INTA to the facility in order to make possible a full exchange of
information concerning the technical data and the operations employed and the use
to which the facility is being put.