There is no photograph present in the provided image. However, the image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, titled "INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE".

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
11. Active Systems
A thorough analysis of 24-hour communication satellites will be undertaken. While several drawback under the present system, they represent a possible solution to the coming severe shortage of 30 May 1961. 
As noted in the special advisory report, by using a more advanced repeater design which is now planned in the Advent program, a different approach to the 24-hour system may be feasible. Further studies to determine the economic potential of such a large vehicle, as well as the requirements for its launch and supporting ground installations, will be made. Of particular interest is the investigation of inflatable structures as contrasted with a single big satellite. The behavior of materials in the space environment and considerations for their protection will be studied. 
Also, replacement considerations are different as are a number of other system parameters. Backup and supporting data will be needed as background information in varying the other parameters of 24-hour systems. This includes requirements for specialized procedures, useful lifetime in orbit for a specified payload and modules, possible improvements on the infrastructure for antennas and transmitters to enable interchangeability between existing components and useful lifetime in orbit for a specific payload and modules. Possible control requirements will include investigation of orbital perturbations, orbital control, and attitude control.
Analytical investigations, analysis, and studies for example, investigation of the perfurbations of the orbit due to gravitational effects of the Sun, Moon, and the Earth's tidal forces, determine the heating of the satellite and its components due to solar radiation, study the effect of disturbing forces due to radiation pressure from the Sun on orbital and attitude control processes.