There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

World Chronicle on 18 February concerning this UFO incident in the Republic of Poland (continuation) 1. Flying saucers in the Republic of Poland around Antonin and liions Warszawa (1961) originals text in the Polish.
At the end 1959, a weekly paper "Walka Mlodych" published a series of articles on Mysterious celestial objects, the OVNI in Poland. The director of the meteorological station of Piotrków Trybunalski (near Lodz) and inhabitants of the village of Helcza (near Piotrków) had observed four flying objects over the village. They were described as being in the shape of umbrellas, and some believed them to be spaceships. Others were against the idea.
A number of stories by eye witnesses were published. We will sight 2 of them. 
1. the Testimony of Mr. R. G.:
in the afternoon of January 1957, Mr. R.G. and his near i garden, afternoon of January 1957, Mr. R. G. near the garden. They were three closer balls. They were of the same size and symmetrically arranged. The three nearest balls, however, seemed to him to shift and alter in luminosity according to balance of seconds of their movement. It was very difficult to determine which of the two balls was passing behind the other. 
2. the testimony of Mrs. K:
All a sudden K. perceived a flying object, round and clear. It was flying towards the village in an oscillating motion and the silhouette appeared to the small but more distinct than at the beginning. She observed that it could be at an altititude of 500 metres, and have a diameter of about 2.5-3 metres. The object disappeared between two mountains and Mrs. K. watched out very carefully but it did not reappear.
2nd Modeling: Observation of Poland, called to the Attention of the Investigation of Unidentified Flying Object of January 7, 1961.
The witness had as a surprise of unidentified flying object January 7, 1961 at about 8 morning.