The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document discussing funding and the goals of the project.

PROJECT MERCURY
OOO for research and development, and 50,000,000 for construction and equipment.
Early in fiscal year 1960, Congress was advised that NASA intended to transfer $15 million from research and development appropriation to construction and equipment. For fiscal year 1961, the current allowation of funds is $120,531,000 for research and development, and 950,000,000 for construction and equipment. A request for $24,000,000 is currently contained in the NASA authorization request for fiscal year 1962.
In the past, man's scientific and technical knowledge was limited by the fact that he has observations were either from the Earth's surface, or from within the Earth's atmosphere. Now, man can send his instruments to various points in the Earth's environment on which scientific probes or which are proposed to be included in the national or international space programs. The benefits to man that have been derived from these initial explorations of space, in its broadest sense, will begin only when man is destined to play a vital and direct role in the exploration of space. The most immediate and direct role in the exploration of space is that of man himself as an astronaut and scientist. Certainly, much of the planning for manned flight of space vehicles concerns the selection, training, and care of man specialists whose talents would be needed. In all of these areas, man is finding himself exposed and the techniques involved, and the unexpected, of course, is the most interesting.
The search for extraterrestrial life, for instance, is a problem of formidable difficulty for pure instrumentation systems that is much more easily attacked when the capabilities of man are utilized. Even in more precise endeavors such as photography, it is desirable to have a human directly to assure adequate exposure, to recognize that his view is obstructed, or even to lose that this gives him heretofore unforeseen capabilities in orbiting space laboratories. Man's observations will then form direct contributions to the conduct of a range of meteorological, communications, broadcasting, and other special search activities in orbiting laboratories. Orbiting laboratories will also permit the investigation and proof testing of vehicles and missions. Of course, in this area are the additional communications and guidance systems required for spacecraft erection and construction. The investigation of rendezvous techniques will also be a significant program.