The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT MERCURY

under sudden velocity, the Earth's surface unless some corrective action is taken. Under such circumstances, the retrograde rockets of the capsule will be utilized to control the emergency landing point to within one of recovery areas in the Atlantic Ocean. These recovery areas will be thoroughly patrolled by aircraft and surface vessels. Recovery forces will also be provided within the landing areas.

Within the time period of Project Mercury activities, it is apparent that the reliability of large liquid rockets, such as the Atlas, cannot approach that of conventional aircraft systems. Hence, a major effort is going into the development and qualification of the emergency abort system.

THE MERCURY MANNED CAPSULE SYSTEM

A detailed description of the Mercury capsule or spacecraft and associated systems is presented in MEMO Report No. 12-59, published in January 1960. Hence, a brief description of each system will be presented in this report: in addition, recent developments and their particular implications will be discussed.

In considering the status of the capsule and its systems, it is important to remember the experience that has been gained on which the Mercury capsule development has proceeded. Concurrent design, development, and production have been undertaken in order to make the most rapid progress possible. Under such conditions, it was inevitable that certain deficiencies would be encountered and adjustments in design and development programs would be necessary. The most sophisticated of theoretical analyses and simulation designs had to be proved out and modified, wherever necessary.

The heat of reentry will be dissipated by a large rounded heat shield. Early retrograde-launched Mercury flights will utilize a beryl lum heat sink for this heat shield, whereas later orbital flights will use an ablation heat shield pattern.

As written, the heat sink approach was within the state of the art, while there was no extensive experience, the ablation approach was in the developmental state.