The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten text.

The text in the document reads as follows:

5. The man at the hatch held a thermos-like jug in his hand which was made of the same bright material as the UFO. Though there was no connection between the thermos and the UFO, it was studied by the witnesses and was seen to contain a glowing liquid. After the jug was dropped, the witnesses saw the man exiting the hatch and returning to the hatch as though he was given instructions by the occupants of the UFO. The hatch was closed and the UFO, with the same whining sound that was heard on take-off, disappeared rapidly to the northeast.

6. The witness reported that the space craft was about 12-15 feet high and 35-40 feet in diameter, and that it was bright silver in color and appeared to have a kind of flange or rim around the middle. No occupants could be discerned.

7. It is the opinion of the investigator that Mr. Hyne is a balanced person of good mental health and that he actually believes that he saw what he describes. However, there are indications that this was a hallucinatory experience following by delusion.

8. The investigator has examined samples of both P. Hynek's and this Squadron Investigator's samples of the cakes. These samples of the cakes were analyzed and found to be ordinary pound cake. The ASD conclusion is that the samples were prepared from a local bakery as per normal human practice.

9. This case was discussed with a psychologist of the Aeronautical Systems Division who stated, and it is his opinion, that the witness suffered from a hallucination and it is his contention that the case could be closed due to the witness's mental state. He pointed out that in cases of this type the witness may have had a temporary inability to evaluate his normal perceptions due to the possible danger or injury to the witness's mental health. Many persons who experience these hallucinations under stressful conditions are often reluctant to ever mention the experience again lest their credibility be doubted in their community. Many persons who experience these hallucinations undertake no further action to validate them and the experience can never again be presented to the individual. The psychologist pointed out that such individuals are usually treated as they would be for any neurosis or psychosis and are usually hospitalized for treatment for they are better off various the added concern over their normal condition.

FOR RIC