There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a text report.

CALIFORNIA FIREBALL OF 1961 JANUARY 16
C. P. OLIVIER, N. D. SPENCER and J. P. BAGBY
At 6:37 p.m. Pacific Standard Time on January 16, 1961, a spectacular fireboll was seen and reported in various parts of California. The object was seen travelling from east to west, and left a trail of sparks and flaming particles behind it.
E. Peterson, at once began to collect reports on this object. Many detailed reports were secured from various observers, both professional and amateur.
Meanwhile, totally unknown to Mr. E. Peterson, Mssrs. C. P. Olivier, N. D. Spencer and J. P. Bagby were also collecting reports on this object. His papers were later made available to the writers, and they have been combined with these to make a complete report on this object. His papers give an excellent account of the path and very near the end. In view of the writers further confirming the details, the reports are included here.
There have been approximately 65 reports secured on this object, from various parts of California, Nevada, and other areas. The path of the object was from about east northeast to west southwest, at an average altitude of from 50 to 60 miles. The luminosity was first observed at an estimated altitude of about 90 miles, and the object was followed down to about 40 miles, at which point it appears to have gone out of sight.
The luminosity was described as intense, and observers compared it to a magnesium flare, with a brilliant white color and a trail of sparks. The apparent angular size was about 5 degrees wide, and it appeared to be moving at a rapid velocity, estimated by some observers to be about 10,000 mph. The duration of the visible fireball was from 6 to 8 seconds.
There was a noticeable pulsation or flickering of the light, and the trail of sparks was also pulsating. According to some observers the object appeared to break up into several portions towards the end of its visible path.
The most interesting aspect of this incident is that the body appears to have been a meteor or meteorite, since no fragments or remains have been found. Usually, the very bright fireballs are associated with the descent of meteorites to earth, but in this case, nothing has been found of the object. We have searched the areas where it was last seen, and find no reports of anything striking the ground or falling into the ocean. The path was somewhat steeper than is usual for a meteor, and the intense luminosity was not typical of the usual bright meteor. However, in the absence of any other explanation, and the lack of any substantiation that it was anything other than a meteor, that is the conclusion that must be reached.
From the various reports, the following data have been compiled:
Altitude of first observation - about 90 miles
Altitude of last observation - about 40 miles 
Duration of visible path - 6 to 8 seconds
Velocity - estimated at about 10,000 mph
Length of path - about 200 miles
Direction - from east northeast to west southwest