The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report from the "Civilian U.F.O. Research" organization, discussing a UFO sighting incident.

The text of the document is as follows:

Transcript of article appearing in the American County (Nebraska) STAR 12 January 1961. Taken from transcript sent to Civilian UFO Research by a member living in the area.

The mysterious incident was well. And there was a mysterious object sighting by the boys together with a mysterious light phenomena. The boys were so excited that they told the incident to their parents immediately. Those who saw it reported it looked like a big round light globe standing in the sky with a dazzling color. It hovered over and remained there for some time and then suddenly disappeared. The witnesses were Harry, the boys who saw it and some description was given by Harry.

According to Harry, the object was about the size of the full moon and was traveling toward the west at a very fast speed and in a few minutes it was gone. The boys were so excited and terrified that they could not observe it properly. The object came very close to the ground and suddenly disappeared. The same night at about 11 o'clock, the object again appeared and the boys saw it for a few minutes and then it disappeared again. 

The object seemed to have some kind of an attraction for those boys and after appearing the second time, it did not appear again. The two boys who saw the object told the sheriff and the deputies about it, but as they speeded up to get close to it, it disappeared. It is understood to report it to the sheriff of his county.

After the sighting, the boys felt very sick, almost like object hit or attacked them and the two boys had to be taken to the hospital the next day. The doctor who examined them said the sickness might be something connecting with the incident, but could not confirm whether it was due to the effect of the UFO or not. He said it is possible they are trying to contact those boys as they are more prone to such kinds of incidents.

So, keep your eyes on the heavens, some little mystery might just fly by and may come to you just as it went to those boys.

I would appreciate comment on this incident.