The image contains a photograph depicting a person, presumably Joe Simonton, who is the subject of the article titled "Got 'Cakes' from Saucer Men Is Claim of Joe Simonton". The photograph shows a close-up view of the person's face.

VILAS COUNTY 

News-Review
THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 1961 TWO SECTIONS-30 PAGES EAGLE RIVER REVIEW-Established 1885

Got 'Cakes' from Saucer Men Is Claim of Joe Simonton
Report Stirs State, Then Much of U.S.

By a STAFF WRITER
The alleged "flying saucer" and two "saucer men" reported by Joe Simonton, 60-year-old chicken farmer, near Eagle River, Wis., Saturday, April 18, has stirred statewide, and then nationwide attention, since the incident.
Many residents of this community expressed amazement and curious interest in the report of the rural resident of this area.
Simonton claims he received "pancakes" from the silver-suited men aboard the craft, which hovered near his home for a few minutes before flying away. He handed the men a pitcher of water, which they accepted, and they in turn gave him four small pancake-like discs before departing.
Simonton appeared calm and collected when interviewed shortly after the incident by officials of the air force, the FBI and local law enforcement officers.
The national press services have been giving wide coverage to the "flying saucer" incident. Newspapers from Washington to Los Angeles have carried the story, and radio and television stations have featured it for the past few days, until this Friday.
The U.S. Air Force has sent a team of investigators to the Simonton farm to probe the incident. At the same time, officials of the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton, Ohio, have expressed interest in the case and requested that the "pancakes" be forwarded to them for examination.
The national press services describe the incident as follows:
"Simonton, 60, a part-time chicken farmer, said he was out walking about 12:07 p.m. last Saturday when he saw a shiny, circular object descend about 40 feet from his house. He said two men emerged from the craft and one of them handed him four small pancake-like discs which he accepted. He said he then offered them a pitcher of water, which they took and drank before re-entering the craft and flying off."
The case is now being investigated by the U.S. Air Force, the FBI, and local law enforcement agencies to determine the facts surrounding the incident.