There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page of an old Project Blue Book report document.

Using optical character recognition (OCR), the text found in the document is as follows:

3. The man at the hatch held a jar the size of a mason jars due to his hand which was hanging on the side of the hatch, but he was holding something that he was aware that the men wanted the jug filled with water. After he let go of the hatch he proceeded to get the jug filled with water. The witness reported that he stepped back and exchanged a salute with the occupant inside.

6. The witness reported that the space craft was about 15 feet high and 30 feet in diameter with saucer 6 or 7 inches in diameter protruding from the edge. When the hatch was closed its outline could not be distinguished.

7. It is the opinion of the investigators that Mr. [REDACTED] is telling the truth but that he was mistaken in certain details which he observed and which he believes he saw. There are some inconsistencies in the story which tend to indicate that this was a hallucination.

8. The witness, Mr. [REDACTED], gave both Dr. Hynek and the 97th Radar Systems Command and the Food and Drug Administration of the Department of Health, Education and Welfare, copies of the report. The AEC conclusion is that this appears to be a case of hallucination, probably due to the intense fatigue.

9. This case was discussed with a psychologist of the Aeronautical Systems Command. The witness suffered a hallucination and subsequent delusion concerning his experience. He pointed out that if cases of this type were to be classified and accepted as real, this would upset the witness considerably due to the experience. He pointed out that if cases of this type are accepted, the government would be faced with the problem of investigating the validity of the claims because of the possible danger of injuring the witnesses. Experiences followed by delusions, he feels, are not at all uncommon and should be regarded as psychological reactions, for which there may be reasonable explanations, rather than as evidence of visits from visitors from outer space.