The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

not interested in listening to headline making accusations (prompted it seems by past gripes) in open debate between you and the Air Force.

It was my every intention to have the Air Force and organizations of good repute assume the actual role in getting to the facts of this apparent incident in behalf of the public (and I might say - I'm not worried about public clamor - I'm much more concerned about considering and answering thoroughly any serious scientific questions which are WHAT COULDN'T BE ANSWERED BY ANYONE - the Air Force or NICAP.
It's exposive to continue out this line under you wouldn't be answering many questions if any - you'd just be asking them - Anyone can make somebody side look bad under those conditions and I am not a captive of charges unless.

As I have said, I suffered extreme disappointment as I read your plan. Talk about secrecy? In paragraph A of your letter to Chairman Brooks, you propose the Air Force representatives will be directed by the subcommittee to answer all of NICAP officials' questions in regard to specific Project Blue Book findings, reports and the business of the Air Force in this matter.

However, in paragraph B of the same letter you propose "...and the NICAP representatives will answer fully to you regarding names and certain details in their possession, (Emphasis added). That kind of secrecy - keeping from the public and from NICAP certain facts that may be in possession of the Air Force because it is confidential (secret)? Oh, my. I have also heard that the Air Force may withhold names similarly, where witnesses are concerned on this, and other relevant unimported points are in keeping with the main question before us as I apparently understand it.

Personally I don't feel I need to elaborate on the generosity you equivocated to your dealings in paragraph A, however, no one interested in justice could remain completely. First of all, what witness honestly interested in the security of this nation is going to insist to the Air Force he remain anonymous? (Or your organization for that matter). Secondly, you generously consider the Air Force the privilege of withholding evidence, facts, which may bear directly on the issue? Very generous indeed - as if you have information which the Air Force is keeping secret, but does not serve national security, I suggest you release it to the newspapers. They'll love it.

Honestly and sincerely, I take this confession (before I had received copies of your letter (and same) to Chairman Brooks, I was utterly astounded by the conviction you had on UFO's and the assistance you might give to the Committee. You dispelled any hopes I had relative thereto in the language heretofore.