There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document. The document contains only text, which I will output below:

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE 3
All these inflatable satellites have a common ancestor--the balloon. But while the balloon is destroyed or consumed up on re-entry within a very short period of time, the satellites are so constructed that it will remain in orbit for a considerable length of time, perhaps years.
The inflatable space structures developed by the Schejeldahl Co. must be precisely engineered and sealed by means of a higher adhesive than will withstand the rigors of cosmic voyage. The materials used and techniques involved in their construction have held Echo I together for nearly a year despite the ravages of extreme temperature variations.
AN EFFICIENT AND ECONOMICAL DEVICE
The inflatable space structure is an efficient and economical device that can be packed--uninflated--in a small canister, shot by rocket into space and then inflated to become a satellite, carrying its instrument package to gather solar, meteorological and other data--or to perform specific functions, such as reflecting electronic signals, gathering solar energy and firing engines for attitude control.
Up to the present time, inflatable space structures have been used mainly to reflect electronic signals. Man's first major venture in this field, launched on August 12, 1960, was the 100-foot Echo I (Research/Develop) reflector for ground radar tracking. Echo I was designed, developed and built by the Schejeldahl Co. to serve as an orbiting balloon, inflated and allowed to drift back to Earth. The radiant plate of their sphere reflector and its tenuous structure as wind direction, which provided a stable communication link.
PASSIVE SATELLITES
This is a simple type of "passive" communication satellite. Passive satellites carry no power source of their own to transmit or receive signals. This active satellite must carry its own power sources to produce the means of deriving power for its electronic package. Thus "active" satellites are much more complex in construction and of greater cost than passive ones.
The communications satellite, as its name implies, is in effect one of a series of electronic "mirrors" located in space to bounce radio signals from one point on the Earth's surface to another. This Earth's only orbiting passive communication satellite is Echo I, launched by NASA on August 12, 1960.
This material in Echo II is 50 times more rigid than the material used in Echo I. It is a laminate consisting of four layers of aluminum foil only 5 ten-thousandths of an inch thick. The rigidized spheres will weigh about 500 pounds and will be approximately 140 feet in diameter. The rigidized spheres will weigh about 500 pounds and will be approximately 140 feet in diameter.
When the sphere is punctured by meteorites, the rigidized spheres will not collapse. Instead, the punctures will be sealed immediately by the rigidized walls surrounding the hole. The rigidized areas, or "scabs," will provide a greater ratio of response to input signal.
ECHO II TO 50 TIMES STRONGER THAN ECHO I
This material in Echo II is 50 times more rigid than the material used in Echo I. It is a laminate consisting of four layers of aluminum foil only 5 ten-thousandths of an inch thick. The rigidized spheres will weigh about 500 pounds and will be approximately 140 feet in diameter. The rigidized spheres will weigh about 500 pounds and will be approximately 140 feet in diameter.