There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text.

Here is the text from the document:

Legislative Liaison will:
(1) Be responsible for coordination with the ATIC and/or the various agencies when necessary, insure that the inquiries for information or assistance are answered promptly.
(2) Forward these inquiries which are assigned to the ATIC for the information to be obtained and the ATIC will return the information to the Legislative Liaison.
(3) Insure that the sources in accordance with AFR 12-5 are checked and all available services will be utilized to obtain the necessary economic and prompt success of inquiries and eliminate delay in transportation and other assistance.

A. Guidances:
The thoroughness and quality of investigations and reports depend only by the skill and resourcefulness of the personnel handling the initial inquiries and/or any report or investigation. Following the receipt of an inquiry or a report, the subsequent action depends on the nature and seriousness of the situation.

A careful study of the logic, consistency, and probability of the observers' reports are especially valuable in determining the degree of validity that should be given to the observer's age, occupation, and education, and to condition under which the object was observed. Thoroughness and completeness of the interview with the observer and the history of the observer's reliability, when available, should be completely familiar with certain aspects of a sighting in this or her specific qualifications should be evaluated.

The theodolite measurements of changes of azimuth and elevation and similar astronomical data are extremely valuable, if appropriate and within the scope of the investigation.

Control and warning (AC&W) units, pilots and ground control agencies should be alerted at the time and place of the sighting and requested to carry out special observations. The ATIC may require additional narrative statements, photographs, or other visual, electronic, or other documentation.