6

Then as far as the actual observation, you couldn't determine a distinct shape?

Not myself. Now I took the shape from what the pilot was talking to me about over the Unicom.

From your own observation, could you determine any color?

Well, with the sun shining on it, it looked silver. The pilot described it from the air as being very reflective and having a dull gray color. And accelerating rapidly to the right after he pulled up to within 3-5 miles of it.

From your own observation, this silver color--Was it shimmering as if it were going back and forth, or was it solid silver?

It looked solid to me. He said it seemed to tilt. And I think maybe the sun shining on it, if it was very high reflective, it would--it looked solid color to me. It didn't seem to be shimmering any.

From your observation, was there any features such as you would find on manned aircraft such as a vapor trail?

No, from my observation there wasn't and from what he said there was no exhaust. There was no tail section; there was no wing. It was pencil shaped, according to his--

What would you say the angle or altitude would be?

Well, I would say that it was--the first time we sighted it, I would say that it was right at between 3 and 5,000--I mean it would be hard to say at that distance because it seemed to be about 30 miles out over this--west of this--Omni down here--what is it--Provo Omni. It was west of that. Now when he pulled up to within 3-5 miles of it he was at 6000 I believe--I mean he'll verify that when he--

And you say it appeared to be about 30 miles away?

Right.

Which direction would that be?

South. I was looking out the window when I saw it, talking on the phone, and at the same time trying to talk on the Unicom to him.

And it would be due South of the Central Aviation?

Right.

With regard to the flight path of the object--did you see it move at any time?

I saw it in this one position; the first time it was low on the horizon and the second time it was to the right and higher. I'd say maybe 8-10,000 ft variation. I mean it's hard to say at that distance.

How much time would there have been between the two sightings?