There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page of text from an old UFO report document.

work past midnight and had been watching their watches rather closely and were getting ready to call it a night. After the apparition the boys sat around in the field finishing their cigarettes and discussing what they would have done had the thing landed in the field and had they been invited to take a ride!
The next day, in the course of their official duties, they discussed it with their fellow airmen, getting a considerable amount of razzing, the story finally coming to the ears of Capt. Pilon. He had the men report this then through official channels. He personally was at first tempted to dismiss the whole thing but then felt that it was wiser to have the thing on record and officially recorded lest something should come of it later. (Good boy). On that very day, November 21, the same chap, a farmer, said that he had been lying in bed the previous night about that time and heard what he thought to be a diesel train coming up the track. It seemed to pass about 1/3 of a mile from his home. Both he and his wife apparently heard the noise, which puzzled them, because the train never seemed to arrive at the house and to pass by as is the wont of trains that travel on tracks that pass by people's houses. He did not get out of bed to investigate (serious lack of scientific curiosity). Also on November 21, another farmer who had been helping move one grain which procedure it is believed to have been moving, had taken his very fancy tractor to a farm during the course of the procedure. When the tractor started hovering over the tractor in an attempt to find out the trouble, the incident of the previous evening was apparently recalled just briefly,whereupon Dietrich exclaimed something about that he had seen the same thing, before the other two boys were able to go into any details. They did not discuss the matter further because they quickly turned to discussing the mechanical misbehavior of the tractor and to disassemble a portion thereof. Incidentally, asked is located six to eight miles from the field in question. Another piece of incidental intelligence, Capt. ____ is long-time employee of the Caterpillar Tractor Company and he knows personally the writer of the Alexander Botts stories of Earthworm Tractor fame in the Saturday Evening Post. Upon, I believe the name is, found writing the Alexander Botts stories so profitable that he quit his job at Caterpillar Tractor Company, and became a professional writer. When we had finished with the inspection of the field, we all called upon Mr. ______ who was the son-in-law of the owner of the farm. He was quite disturbed by the incident and felt that there had been some governmental intrusion upon his property, but his wife was more concerned about the boys who would be sure to have nightmares as a result of their experience. He said he intended to keep in touch with us and let us know if anything further developed.