The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a technical document related to Project Mercury, which was a NASA program focused on human spaceflight. The text describes details of the retrograde rocket system used in the Mercury capsule, as well as information about the escape system, parachutes, and other technical specifications.

PROJECT MERCURY

The retrograde rockets capsule from orbit is initiated by the firing of a retroflockset system which slows the capsule from orbital velocity to approximately 500 miles per hour. During initial veloCity, the reserve ignition system, so that almost reliability can be assured.
In an emergency any two of the three retrorockets would bring about reentry, although for expeditious recovery, all three are used.
Development of the retroroockets has been completed. During development of this system, 162 static firings of the 7 motors were fired under simulated space conditions at the U.S. Air Force Ballistic Missile Facility. Qualification tests of the retroroeket motors have also been completed.
The escape system mentioned previously, provision is made within the Mercury capsule system to accommodate the mission and escape from the danger of the launch vehicle failure. This is accomplished through the space of a booster cutoff. In order to provide rapid separation of the capsule from the launch vehicle, the escape rocket has a high level of thrust over a short period of time. Because of its location on the lower extremity of the capsule, the escape rocket motor is designed so that its exhaust flow does not impinge upon the capsule structure.
It is important that the magnitude and direction of the resultant thrust vector of the three nozzles be controlled to close limits and that the direction of motion be known precisely. In this way, the capsule can be separated cleanly from the launch vehicle and be made to have an escape maneuver, without setting up a tumbling notion.
Development and qualification tests for the escape motor have been completed. A total of 29 motor firings was performed during the development and qualification tests. In addition to tests performed by the manufacturer, one escape motor was vacuum-tested at the U.S. Air Force Ballistic Missile Facility. The complete operational cycle of booster separation and three-stage recovery operation was demonstrated, and two beach abort tests at Wallops Island were made, all successfully.
The Mercury capsule utilizes parachutes to achieve a safe descent and landing.
The drogue parachute has a 6-foot diameter, conic ribbon-type canopy with approximately 6,500-foot suspension lines, and is 30-foot diameter main parachute provides the final deceleration and displacement. The drogue parachute is packed in a protective bag and is ejected by a spring. This parachute provides a backup stabilization capability for the capsule in the event of failure of the reaction control and stabilization system, and also serves to slow the capsule to approximately 200 miles per hour before main parachute opening.
The main parachute is a 63-foot diameter ring-sail cargo-type parachute. Throughout the test program, this parachute has shown extremely favorable opening characteristics, as well as good stability.