The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Mercury program, which was part of the early U.S. human spaceflight program.

PROJECT MERCURY
The Atlas launch vehicles differ from standard missile launching vehicles in several important respects: the absence of the capsule, and in the provision of automatic in-flight failure sensing and cutoff. The vehicles for Project Mercury were produced by the Space American Aviation Co. and Douglas Chemical Co. to specifications consisting of little modification to existing test vehicles and beams. Short tests are the responsibility of Development Co. The MIT Lincoln Laboratories have provided technical assistance in the network planning and the West-ern Electric Co. has been given the principal responsibility for the planning and implementation of the Project Mercury ground tracking system. The MJT Lincoln Laboratories have provided technical assistance in the network planning and the Western Electric are listed on pages 51 and 52. In addition to planning and making contractual arrangements for the network construction, the Langley Research Center has arranged the provisions of tracking facilities and has participated in arrangements of instrumentation facilities and the assembly of tracking components. The Department of Defense provides a very broad range of support by the Air Force Ballistic Missiles Division in supplying and launching vehicles, the Army providing equipment and services of the Ordnance and other agencies, the Navy furnishing range and network support services. The Aerospace Medical Center of the Air Force has also supplied animal test packages for use during the Mercury flight test program. The Army Ballistic Missile Agency has made the MJT Lincoln Laboratories installation and facilities available, will provide a substantial share of DOD medical support to Project Mercury, and has supplied amphibious recovery vehicles for use in possible launch site recovery operations. The Army Ballistic Missile Agency facilities will be used for rehearsed and manned ballistic flights. The Agency has been given responsibility for the Mercury spacecraft recovery efforts of the Atlantic Fleet and Air Rescue Service at his command. JBPS services oceanologic vehicles, Marine helicopters, patrol aircraft and amphibians will be utilized for search and recovery operations. The Navy is also providing assistance in the construction of the Canaveral Island network stations, has leased command transmitter equipment to NASA, and has given a number of tracking radar to NASA.