This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a technical report or document, likely related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

The Air Force is the largest and includes such additional items as systems for weather forecasting and certain medical studies; operations and logistics studies conducted by R&D, and the technical information exchange represented by AFCIA. The advanced research work of ARDC and the fundamental research and testing programs of USAF are also included under this activity. USDA research because atomic weapon support agencies and the gross nuclear weapons tests and the weapons effects experiments.

R&D research and engineering effort is closely coordinated with the other research programs of the Federal government activities. The research is directed both to the defense forces and atomic energy communities. The effort is concentrated on all problems of fundamental research and technology, engineering, and testing concerned with application of atomic energy to military uses.

There is a constant liaison and coordination with the Department of State in the mutual working relationship with the Department of State, OSAF, ARDC, activities. There is a close working relationship with the Federal Aviation Agency on research and development pertaining to air navigation.

There is a close coordination between the medical research programs of the Department of Defense and the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare.

The Department of Defense is interested in the Maritime Administration programs of transportation logistics including ocean-research. Almost all areas of basic research conducted by the National Science Foundation are of interest to the Department of Defense and the Department of Defense has participated in many studies and programs conducted by the National Science Foundation, including of course, the information oceanography, for example.

There are other Government agencies doing or sponsoring work which relates in varying degrees to the defense efforts. Private industry is also spending increased sums for research and engineering in many fields where the results can be used for military as well as for civilian purposes.