The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document that does not contain any photograph. The text in the document has been transcribed as follows:

Frank Sullivan, of Eagle River, Wisconsin, reports the following:
On April 8, 1961, at approximately 9:25 p.m., he and his wife were outside their home and saw a bright light in the sky. He said the light was very round and appeared to be about 30 feet in diameter. It had a bright light around the outer edge and a darker center.
He said the light moved slowly and silently for a time, and then suddenly took off at a terrific speed, going out of sight in a matter of seconds.
He said one of the most amazing things was the absence of any sound from the machine. He said one of the most amazing things was the absence of any sound from the machine. He said the machine appeared to be metallic and reflected light very brightly. He estimated it was about 800 to 1,000 feet in altitude.
He said they watched the object for about 10 minutes. He said they were both very frightened and did not know what to make of the incident. He said they were unable to sleep for some time after this incident.
He DOES NOT recall hearing any motor sound, or any other noise from the object. He said the only sound was a slight humming, like the hum of a generator. 
The witness said the object was shaped like a "flattened oval" and appeared to be about the size of a car, or a medium sized household appliance. He estimated the diameter to be about 30 feet. 
The witness said a neighbor named Earl Benson, also of Eagle River, saw the object at the same time. The witness said the visit did not seem to last more than 10 minutes, and that it was traveling at tremendous speed when it left, going east.
He said the ship took off at a 45 degree angle and disappeared in a matter of seconds. He said it climbed at a tremendous rate of speed. 
The witness estimated the object was about 800 to 1,000 feet in altitude when he first saw it, and he said that as it left, the underside appeared to glow a bright orange color, about 6 or 7 inches in diameter.
He said he watched the object for about 10 minutes and estimated it traveled about 4 or 5 miles west of Eagle River for about 20 seconds.