This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Part 1: Sources:
Source A: Mr. [redacted], Missile Expert assigned to the General Atomic Division, Convair Atlas Plant, San Diego, California. Telephone [redacted] ext. [redacted]
Source B: Mr. [redacted], Convair Plant Nr 1. Telephone Nr: [redacted] ext. [redacted]
Source C: Mr. [redacted], FAA Contractor, San Diego Approach Control.

Part 2: On 3 occasions, 4, 6, and 7 Nov 61 Source A saw what he considered to be a missile trajectory. All observations were between the hours of 2000 and 2100 local time. Weather at the time of each sighting was CAVU. Source A stated that: all three sightings were approximately three seconds in duration and were the brightest things that he had ever seen. Each sighting appeared to be the same; that is an upside down missile trajectory which appeared to send smoke or falling parts in its lighted trail. He offers as a possibility some sort of collision on the recently vehicle.

Part 3: On the night of 6 Nov 61 Source A was standing in his back yard when he observed the UFO. Being a former artillery man he measured the trajectory in miles by use of his fingers. His estimate of the trajectory was that it was at least 500 miles in length and possibly 1 1/2 to 2 miles in width. He states that his line of vision was WSW and at an angle of approximately 22 1/2° to the horizon. He determined track by with respect to his home and the angle of sight by measuring the distance from where he stood at the time of observation; the height of his house and determining the angle by trigonometry.
(Note: Missile trail length could conceivably be greater than 500 miles as Source states that it disappeared from his line of sight behind the top of his home).

Part 4: On 7 Nov Source A [redacted] started asking and calling others to see if they had observed similar UFO's. As a result a contact with Source C revealed to Source A that Source C had seen a UFO on the night of 3 Nov 61 from Lindburgh [sic] Tower Municipal Field. An interview with Source C revealed the following information: