This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

"Sighting 1; Barbados, BWI Mar 7, 1962 Barbados, Barbados - Caribbean
This case relates to an unidentified flying object which was observed over Barbados, Barbados, West Indies on 7 March 1962.
Name: American Air Defense Command, Washington, D.C. - Defense Environmental.
Date: Last evening - September 14, 1962 (.5 year or incident)
Details: Telephonic information received from an unnamed source in Barbados, B.W.I. at approximately 2300Z on 7 March 1962 indicated that a strange object was observed in the sky over Barbados. The object was described as being approximately 30 feet in diameter, a vivid red-orange color, and was observed for a period of 3 to 5 minutes before disappearing from view. A number of persons were said to have observed the object, and it was reported that the object displayed erratic maneuvering characteristics and appeared to be under intelligent control.
I am beginning this to give a detailed account as I had made up my mind to report the matter and I feel that the 8-9 months delay should not preclude documenting this. I was obviously quite impressed at the time and feel it merits an official report, even if out of time.
I was vacationing in Barbados at the time and happen to be in the vicinity when the sighting occurred. Several neighbors and friends in the area also observed the object and we discussed it at some length the next day. I was able to obtain a fairly detailed description from them at that time. 
From the south and out of the island a red-orange object appeared to approach at a rather rapid rate, perhaps 600-800 mph. It appeared to be about 30 feet in diameter and had a vivid red-orange color. As it reached a point perhaps 5 miles from my location, it abruptly changed direction to the west and accelerated rapidly, disappearing from view in a matter of seconds. The maneuver was quite startling and impressive, unlike any conventional aircraft I have ever seen."