The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed document titled "ARGENTINA 1962 A massive UFO visitation" by Gordon W. Creighton.

ARGENTINA 1962
A massive UFO visitation
by Gordon W. Creighton

1962 was a year of remarkable UFO activity over the Argentine Republic; in fact, some have described the events as "sensational and unparalleled." Hundreds of UFO sightings were reported, particularly during June 1962, at Mar del Plata, Presidente Peron, and other places.

On January 19, 1962, at 4.45 a.m. a flight of 20 to 25 UFOs was seen over the Atlantic by the crew of a ship off the coast of Mar del Plata. They witnessed the UFOs for some 20 minutes. One of them was reported to have hovered directly over the ship.

On June 9, 1962, an enormous UFO was sighted over the town of Cordoba. It was egg-shaped, some 300 feet in diameter, and surrounded by a glowing orange light. It was observed for 20 minutes by hundreds of people.

The events of June 17, 1962 were described as "the most important sighting of the year" in Argentina. At 8.30 p.m. on that date, a large circular object, surrounded by a bright orange light and giving off colored rays, was sighted by thousands of people at Mar del Plata. It hovered for some time over the city and then sped away eastward across the Atlantic at terrific speed.

On June 21, 1962, several police posts in Buenos Aires province reported seeing a huge cigar-shaped object flying at high speed just above the treetops. It was also seen from the city of La Plata.

On June 24, from midnight until 4 a.m., people in several places, such as Cordoba (Cordoba Province) and Bolivar (Buenos Aires Province), witnessed the passage of a number of large, brilliant UFOs at close quarters. This was described as "a new era with regard to the UFO problem."

The many sightings during this period provoked considerable comment and speculation among the Argentine press and public. A number of the more important incidents were published in the Buenos Aires daily newspaper "La Prensa" on June 30.

The paper stated that the police and the armed forces had been called out on a number of occasions to investigate the UFO reports. It also mentioned that representatives of the Aeronautical Commission for the Investigation of Unidentified Flying Objects (CAIFOs) had been busy inquiring into the sightings.

The Buenos Aires newspaper "El Mundo" on July 1 reported that the Argentine Ministry of Defense and the Police in La Plata had summoned all eye-witnesses to a special lecture and gave instructions as to how they should conduct themselves when future sightings occurred.