The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

f. Patrolman NORMAN L. (Nick) HIENZ, age 41
Greenfield Police Department. Very reliable observer, retired
Air Force veteran, Master Sergeant, considerable experience as
an observer.
g. Constable JOHN E. HOLSTROM, age 63
Greenfield Police Department:
Reliable observer, long time resident of the area.
h. Patrolman JOSEPH B. MONTANA, age 34
Soledad Police Department.
Very reliable observer, no previous military experience.
9. The nearest weather station was the FAA Station located at the
Salinas Airport. William R. Rinder, who was the specialist on duty at 12:32
a.m., December 9, 1962, reported that the weather conditions at that time were
as follows:
09:52 3/10 cloudiness at 4,000 10 mile visibility
10:22 1/10 cloudiness at 4,000 10 mile visibility
10:55 clear no clouds 10 mile visibility
11:22 clear no clouds 10 mile visibility
11:52 clear no clouds 6 mile visibility
He also stated that at 12:12, 1/4 December, the Oakland Air Traffic Control Center at Fremont, received a call from a Pan-American Airlines
pilot who was 35 miles south of the Oakland Airport. The pilot reported that he
had seen a bright and fast moving light, which appeared stationary for a few
seconds, then disappeared. Its direction, and velocity were not available. Wind
direction was from the Northeast at 15 mph.
10. Weather balloons released either by the US Coast Guard weather
station at Monterey or the weather station at Point Pinos. Calif. could have
been responsible for the sighting.
11. An improvised balloon released by a private citizen or prankster,
could also account for the sighting. Such balloons could be made of transparent plastic material, which can be purchased at any dry cleaning establishment. Large dry cleaners or department stores generally sell the material. Evidence that plastic bag balloons have been made and used by
individuals was found in the California sightings. All the necessary equipment to assemble all the necessary elements for a balloon - i.e. a plastic bag, a
fitted with an improvised device which would burn through the plastic
and cause a bright flash as the gas ignited. It would be possible for
an individual to assemble all the necessary equipment and launch a
balloon without any assistance. Attachments 3, 1, and 2 are photographs