There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a report form with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One): Yes (35?) No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Appears to be written as "35" miles per hour.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One): Yes (1 / 2 mile) No 

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Appears to be written as "1 / 2 mile".

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building b. In a car c. In an open country side d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city b. In the residential section of a city c. In the open country side d. Flying over a city e. Flying over open country f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? Miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other Appears to be written as "Theodolite - Telescope".

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture of the object or objects which you saw, would you give the same appearance as to the object or objects which you saw, would you give the same appearance as to the size, shape, color, number, speed, etc., as nearly as you can recall them? (Use additional pages if necessary)
Appears to be written: "Appears legalistic white, round flight and stood still for brief moments, then about 3 seconds would turn red. Appeared to descend slightly when turning red and seemed darting, then going back up and standing still again."