On Aug. 12, Major White set a new altitude record in the X-15 and an Air Force developed filter boosted his NASA communications balloon, Echo.

On August 16, Capt. Joseph W. Kittinger, Jr. performed a record breaking parachute jump for which he received his second Distinguished Flying Cross.

The next day, a Bomarc missile sought out and destroyed a QB-47 drone aircraft.

The period of unprecedented success reached a climax on Aug. 19 when Maj. Harold E. Mitchell's C-119 crew made the first successful aerial catch of an object returning from space, the Recovery XIV capsule.

In addition to Major White, the people directly involved with the space capsule aerial recovery operations and Captain Schriever personally praised 12 individuals earlier out and presented them with inscribed plaques on Aug. 26, 1960.

The next which brought Primus Club membership to Captain Kittinger started with a first step dive followed by a 102,800 foot descent to earth. Stepping from the open gondola of a balloon high above the New Mexico desert, the stocky captain freefell 84,300 feet before his parachute opened. During the freefell period, 4 minutes 38 seconds, he reached a speed of 614 mph.

Captain Kittinger received his first AFC in 1957 when he rose to an altitude of 96,000 feet in an enclosed nose cone.

[NON-TEXT PAGE: black-and-white photographs showing military personnel, astronaut wings insignia, and parachute operations]

Astronaut wings represent flight at altitudes of 50 miles or more. Major Robert M. White became the fifth man to receive wings in Pentagon conducted ceremonies.

[handwritten caption under top right photograph: Major and Mrs. Robert M. White and Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Curtis E. LeMay chat informally after the astronaut wing ceremony.]

Icon gondola. His 1960 parachute descent shattered a jump and freefail record he had established in November 1959. For that accomplishment, he was awarded the 1959 Harmon Trophy.

The much publicized aerial catch of the NW capsule earned C-119 aircraft commander Captain Mitchell and his entire crew Primus Club honors. Colonel Alvan N. Moore, 6594th Test Wing commander, also became a charter member of the club for his part in directing aerial recovery operations.

Members of Captain Mitchell's "Pelican Spec" crew included Capt. Robert Raymond A. Apaka, co-pilot; Lt. Robert G. Coates, navigator; TSgt. Louis F. Bannicke; Syst. Alagene Harrison, Ssgt. Arthur P. Hurst, Ssgt. Wendell King.

Sergeants received Air Medals and the warm congratulations of Gen. Emmett O'Donnell Jr., CIC Pacific Air Forces, and Brig. Gen. Joseph A Cunningham, Air Rescue Service commander.

Also recognized at AMD ceremonies, TSgt. James A. Howell was the only command member among those recently selected. General Schriever presented Sergeant Howell's club plaque at an AFSC Commanders Conference which was being conducted at AMD.

Sergeant Howell made a test ejection from an F-106 aircraft flying at an altitude of 22,000 feet and at a speed of 535 mph on June 6, 1961. He was the first Air Force member to perform this operation. In addition to Primus Club recognition the feat earned him a D.F.C.

The fifth and final main of those recently selected for Primus Club membership, Air Force Capt. Virgil I. Grissom of NASA's astronaut team, has not yet been presented the distinctive club plaque.

Captain Grissom became the first Air Force member to achieve suborbital spaceflight on July 21, 1961. In a Project Mercury capsule flight he reached a height of 118 miles. From a Red stone rocket, Captain Grissom reached a maximum altitude of 5,300 miles and then lasted 16 minutes.

The suborbital flight down AFSC's Atlantic Missile Range enabled Captain Grissom for the first pair of astronaut wings awarded to an Air Force member.

Astronaut wings recently awarded to Major White were the second ones awarded to an Air Force member. To date, five pairs of astronaut wings have been awarded. Major White's wings represent a first for AFSC and for the Aerospace Primus Club.

[NON-TEXT PAGE: black-and-white photographs showing military personnel and paramedical operations]

[handwritten caption under bottom right photograph: Parachute scuba divers (from left) Msgt. William V. Vargas, Tsgt. Lenote M. Vigare and Ssgt. Ray E. McClure rest awhile and catch a breeze shortly before parachuting into the Pacific to retrieve Discoverer XXV.]

[stamp: AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962]