Air Force Systems C
NEWSREV

AUGUST 1962                                    Forging Military Spacepower

Record X-15 Flight Brings White Nei

Earns AFSC Major First
Astronaut Wings In Comd
And 2nd 'Primus' Honor

When Maj. Robert M. White, famed X-15 pilot, pushed his tiny rocket powered research craft to an altitude of 314,750 feet July 17, he scored more aerospace firsts than the casual observer would probably notice.

His more obvious accomplishments included becoming the first man to qualify as an astronaut in a winged aircraft and becoming the first Air Force Systems Command member to wear astronaut wings.

To earn the name and the wings of an astronaut, Major White had to reach an altitude of 50 miles. He bettered this mark by 6 miles in a flight which lasted only 11 minutes after the X-15 was released from the B-52 mother aircraft.

The historic flight shattered an earlier X-15 altitude record jointly held by Major White and National Aeronautics and Space Administration test pilot Joe Walker. That record was in the neighborhood of 246,700 feet.

As Major White figuratively gave the X-15 a 69,000 pounds of thrust a kick in the pants, he nosed the craft upward in the steepest angle of climb yet attempted in the X-15 program. The liquid cooled rocket engine burned 71 seconds and achieved a speed of 3,784 mph was attained at an altitude of 156,000 feet.

Last month's flight had been originally programmed for 282,000 feet with a maximum speed of 3,500 mph. The flight as planned would have reached an altitude of 53.4 miles, more than enough for the award of astronaut wings.

Shortly after the flight, Major White was flown to Washington, D. C., where he was presented astronaut wings by Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Curtis E. LeMay in a Pentagon ceremony on July 18. Mrs. White was present for the occasion and pinned on the major's new wings.

On the same day, President Kennedy presented the major and three other X-15 pilots, Scott Crossfield, Joe Walker, and Navy Comdr. Forrest Petersen, the coveted Collier Trophy for contributions to aviation through X-15 flights.

During the time of peak excitement
(Continued on page 4)

Major Robert M. White is met on Rogers Dry Lake by his sixty-year-old son, Gregory after his record altitude flight. The famed X-15 pilot, a charter member of the AFSC, won his astronaut wings in his record flight. The accomplishment came becoming the first man to earn astronaut wings in a completely pilot controlled vehi