The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Azimuth (3) Object disappeared about 8" above the horizon at 65° 
(4) Object was 900' to 1000' feet from house. The object 
was moving very slowly from right to left at 65° at approx 
imately 30 mph. The object was quite large and cast a red 
glow. As it continued to move from right to left, it began
decreasing and increasing in intensity. 
She said her husband standing near her became alarmed and 
called to her to look at the strange object. When she looked
thru the open bedroom window she saw a large round red object 
and having no sound. She said the object would stop perfectly
still then make a very slow movement. At this time the object
began to move slowly fas
ter and repeated this movement several times, then would stop
.
Then it began to move faster, moving from right to left and
from left to right, up and down, 1 observed that it would
stop just for an instant, then go straight down to the same
level that it began, stop just for an instant, then repeat
this many times. It looked almost as if it were making a
square pattern, but the square was not an exact square. 
After moving 20" to 25" in azimuth it was reversed and made
the same square movement back to the starting point and down.
It appeared to increase and decrease in brightness and change
direction 90°. After returning to approxi-mately the starting
point the object then began to move faster, from left to right
and back, then paused, all within one second. After this flash
back and forth, it continued to move to the right, moving
faster than entering. As it passed behind a pine tree, measured
600' from the house, the top portion could be seen thru the tree
. Since beginning to watch the object, it stayed rectangular to
her, but tilted away from her. She stated that the object looked
rectangular to her.
(5) When the object, moving to the left, came out from behind
the tree, it appeared much smaller. This time it had a red
glow and seemed almost transparent. As it came nearer, it
appeared as they became aware of the sound of the engines of
an airliner approaching from the west, which then overheadand droned on to the east. Before the sound of the engines
faded a jet passed overhead. The object did not reappear. 
(6) The object was visible for about ten minutes.
Manner of observation:
(1) Ground - visual, thru open window, window glass, and thru
screen wire.
(2) Binoculars were used by her husband and the (rectangular
almost oval) object just became more distinct and brighter.