The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Congressional House of Representatives, dated August 28, 1961, regarding the subject of UFOs.

Text extracted from the document:

CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
WASHINGTON, D. C.
August 28, 1961

Major Donald E. Keyhoe
U.S.M.C. (Ret.)
Director, NICAP
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D. C. 

Dear Sir:

I have read with interest the copy of your letter to Chairman Brooks concerning the suggested "security related" reasons for the government's UFO censorship.

Perhaps I have been misled in this whole business of UFO. However, it was my belief that your organization and others like it, actually had proof that UFO's did in fact exist and that you would be prepared to prove this during the hearings. And further, that you would produce evidence of actual landings, contacts with the occupants of these craft, and even possibly, bring forth physical specimens, but actually were craft (or sorts) from other planets.

I was sadly disappointed as I read your proposed plan, suggestions and views expressed. I could not help but feel, as I read your letter, that your primary objective is not sole objective to discover the real truth, as you say and thereby cause the U.S. and others, all information you seek, including such information that may well involve our national security. I too am opposed to unnecessary secrecy, however, unnecessary or unwarranted secrecy is nothing more than a matter of degree and one used to protect as well as conceal. To me this whole matter of UFO and the public's handling of same appears to be a disguise. Frankly, your judgment and knowing all the facts, in all probability withhold from the public, the details I would not consider "secret". I respect - I have opposed and will continue to oppose unwarranted secrecy.

At the same time I will not support a proposition entailing or compromising of our country's security. Your letter to Chairman Brooks (including your proposed plan) concerned itself almost totally, in my opinion, with evident dislike and malicious intent toward a certain branch of the military. In fact, I must hasten to add that I could be wrong, but I have seen many plans and proposals in my day and must say I recognize a little hostility and/or dislike when I see it. If you are not in a position to "make a good case", then UFO's are some kind of foreign craft, I'm not even interested in holding hearings. This I thought to be your purpose. Certainly I'm not.