The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Foreign Technology Division of the Air Force which discusses a proposed reply regarding the submission of a photograph. The document outlines their response on how to handle such submissions and provides guidance on the criteria for studying reported UFO sightings.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

Proposed Reply

1. The delay in replying to your letter of 2 March 1964 was due to the reproduction of the photograph you submitted. We can assure you that such delays in our evaluation of incoming photographic material are unavoidable, and that your case is receiving our earnest consideration and attention, as well as other agencies.

2. If these objects are to be studied scientifically they can only be GOOD QUALITY aerial photographs. Inferior fragmentary pictures and negative impressions, and optical phenomena such as ball lightning, are just that, and as such are not acceptable as fact. Photographs that show no familiar reference points, and which fail to contribute significantly to our knowledge of aerial phenomena, are not worthy of detailed analysis or lengthy correspondence.

3. In regard to your request of whether a sighting is of close range or not is questionable. Sightings from outside our own planet, with their attendant phenomenon of bizarre and unknown characteristics, are indeed interesting and undoubtedly real, but these cannot be explained by our air forces. Again, these are reports of something people have seen, and their opinions and interpretations may differ widely.

4. As to whether a sighting is of close range or not is questionable. There are many cases of sightings that are considered to be "close range" but which have subsequently been found to be distant objects. This point is made clear in the investigations and findings of Project BLUE BOOK. Reliable reports of close range sightings are rare, since an object sighted at close range reflects a very localized and transient phenomenon.