The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text only.

AFR 200-2

turn this information to the Office of Legisla- determine whether the sighting could have been
tive Liaison for reply to the inquiry. made with the knowledge of the Federal Aviation

(3) Proceed promptly, as appropriate, to Agency (FAA) as often of assistance in this
obtain cooperation from:

type of case.  
a. Cooperation. All Air Force activities will h. Contact with persons who may know of
cooperate with local Air Force (LO) investigators to or be connected with unusual configuration,
insure the economical and prompt success of in- unusual metallic sheen, or aerial trails related
vestigations and analyses. When feasible, this to the area.
cooperation will include furnishing air or ground i. Contact with photographic units or labora-
transportation and other assistance. tories. Usually these installations have several

4. Guidance. The thoroughness and quality of members available for specialized intelligence or
a report on investigation of UFO's are limited investigative work. Photography is an invaluable
only by the skill and resourcefulness of the per- tool for the descriptive and quantitative analysis
son who receives the initial information and/or of UFO sightings. (See paragraph 18.)
conducts the investigation. The usefulness and j. Whenever possible, selecting as a UFO
accuracy of any report or investigation depend on the ac- sighting investigator an individual with a scien-
curacy and completeness of its content. Fullowang tific or technical background as well as experi-
are guides which may aid in obtaining satisfac- ence as an investigator.
tory sightings: k. Submission of reports on all sightings even
a. Careful study of the logic, consistency, and though identification may have been made by the
coherence of the observer's report. An interview observer. Follow the guidance under paragraph 10 of this regu-
with the observer by personnel preparing the re- lation.
port is one method of verifying the observer's
source's reliability and the validity of the in- 5. Reporting UFO Information. Both the As-
formation given. Factors deserving particular sistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Headquarters
attention are the observer's age, occupation, and U.S. Air Defense Command, and the Air Technical
education, and whether his occupation involves Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force
him with aerial observation. Base, Ohio will have a direct and immediate interest in the facts per-
b. Theodoliie measurements of changes or taining to UFO's reported within the United
anomalies of angular size. States. All such information and facts about UFO's
c. Interception, identification, or air search, if will be made available to these two agencies and
appropriate and within the scope of air defense any other appropriate investigative bodies. Active
regulations. investigations to the extent necessary for their
d. When feasible, contact with local aircraft reporti~ng action (see paragraphs 14, 15, security will be conducted by these agencies. No ac-
control and warning (ACW) units, and with tivity should carry an investigation beyond the
pilots and crews of aircraft aloft at the time gathering of the information concerning the UFO
of the sighting to determine if they saw the phe- sighting magnitude influence (either significant
nomenon and to obtain any other information from or public relations aspects) of the case
other persons or organizations that may have without full coordination. The office having over-
factual data on the UFO or can corroborate all responsibility for AFSC (CLO-a/twarner 5-71)
rating evidence—visual, electronic, or other. ext 69216/66378) at Wright-Patterson Air Force
e. Consultation with military or civilian Base, Ohio, will obtain verbal authority for con-
weather stations, units for the release of data on tinued investigation.
balloons released in the area, and any other in-
vestigating on the UFO.
f. Consultation with navigators and astrono- SECTION" III—PUBLIC RELATIONS,
mers in the area to determine whether any as- INFORMATION CONTACTS, AND
tronomical body or phenomenon would account RELEASES
for the sighting.
g. Contact with military and civilian tower 6. Maintaining Public Relations. The Office of
operators, air operations units, and airlines to Legislative Liaison is responsible for:
a. In coordination with the AFSC (TID)
determine whether the sighting could have been
made with the knowledge of the Federal Aviation informing the public and the press on all aspects of the UFO
Agency (FAA) as often of assistance in this program and its related activities.
type of case.
h. Contact with persons who may know of b. Releasing information on UFO sightings
or be connected with unusual configuration, and results of investigations.
unusual metallic sheen, or aerial trails related c. Periodically releasing information on this
to the area. subject to the general public.
i. Contact with photographic units or labora-
tories. Usually these installations have several 3
members available for specialized intelligence or
investigative work. Photography is an invaluable
tool for the descriptive and quantitative analysis
of UFO sightings. (See paragraph 18.)
j. Whenever possible, selecting as a UFO
sighting investigator an individual with a scien-
tific or technical background as well as experi-
ence as an investigator.
k. Submission of reports on all sightings even
though identification may have been made by the
observer. Follow the guidance under paragraph 10 of this regu-
lation.

5. Reporting UFO Information. Both the As-
sistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Headquarters
U.S. Air Defense Command, and the Air Technical
Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base, Ohio will have a direct and immediate interest in the facts per-
taining to UFO's reported within the United
States. All such information and facts about UFO's
will be made available to these two agencies and
any other appropriate investigative bodies. Active
investigations to the extent necessary for their
reporti~ng action (see paragraphs 14, 15, 
security will be conducted by these agencies. No ac-
tivity should carry an investigation beyond the
gathering of the information concerning the UFO
sighting magnitude influence (either significant
from or public relations aspects) of the case
without full coordination. The office having over-
all responsibility for AFSC (CLO-a/twarner 5-71)
ext 69216/66378) at Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base, Ohio, will obtain verbal authority for con-
tinued investigation.

SECTION" III—PUBLIC RELATIONS,
INFORMATION CONTACTS, AND
RELEASES

6. Maintaining Public Relations. The Office of
Legislative Liaison is responsible for:

a. In coordination with the AFSC (TID)
informing the public and the press on all aspects of the UFO
program and its related activities. 

b. Releasing information on UFO sightings
and results of investigations.

c. Periodically releasing information on this
subject to the general public.