AFSWC Scouting Group, State Agencies Join
To Sponsor Aerospace Education Conference

Three hundred outstanding New Mexico high school science and math students have a better understanding of AFSC's educational requirements for the aerospace age, thanks to the Air Force Special Weapons Center.

Coming from cities and villages throughout the state which was the birthplace of nuclear weapons technology, the teenagers spent three days with AFSWC scientists and engineers in Albuquerque during Armed Forces Week. They were the guests of the Center and Boy Scout Explorer Science Post 91, co-sponsors of the first Aerospace Education Conference.

"Thousands of tests, I would say we have believed that objective."

The abort sensing system is designed to safeguard the astronaut in the event anything malfunctions during powered flight. When trouble is detected, AS-IS activates mechanisms that separate the spacecraft from the booster and parachutes the pilot to safety.

One system got an actual baptism by fire during an early Mercury shot when, although no man was aboard, the capsule was saved from damage when the Atlas malfunctioned and had to be destroyed. The capsule survived and was subsequently reflown.

At Cape Canaveral, birthwatchers of the Air Force's 6555th Aerospace Test Wing saw with the Atlas and, along with the contractor representatives on hand, oversaw the batteries of tests conducted on the site. Colonel Brundlm, Florida, Guntercut, Lt. Col. Robert R. Hill, is in charge of the blockhouse and a launch director for the countdown.

"We are sure all the tests and the preceding aspect on safety, at Atlas booster launched successfully will not come until an Air Force Flight Safety Review Board, chaired by flying officer, has reviewed all the problems and actions involved in the booster and when they had certified that it is ready to put a man in orbit.

The conference began with a keynote address by Dr. Knox Millsaps, chief scientist of the Office of Aerospace Research. He called science and engineering absolutely essential to the future of freedom, pointing out that today's work in laboratories and test facilities will determine events of tomorrow.

Following Dr. Millsaps' address, Donald Mills of the Arnold Engineering Development Center, moderated a panel discussion titled, "1967—Where Do We Go From Here?" New Mexico educators and Special Weapons Center scientists discussed research and development programs and opportunities expected in 1967 when most of the high school students will finish school and begin work in science, math or engineering.

The conference's first day was topped off by a banquet and an address by Maj. Gen. Charles M. McCorkle, AFSWC commander, who since has been assigned to Fifth Air Force in Japan. General McCorkle stressed that education is perhaps the most important key to the "magnificent possibilities" of careers in science and engineering.

Students spent the second day attending seminars on 33 different subjects, ranging from nuclear physics to computer programming, and on tours of AFSWC nuclear laboratories. The seminars were concluded by Special Weapons Center research and development officers. A conference dance was held that evening, with the music donated by the American Federation of Musicians.

Last day of the conference was devoted to tours of Armed Forces Day displays.

Idea for the conference originated with Boyant Science Post 91, an organization of high school boys sponsored by the New Mexico public and parochial school system. Sandia Base and the Air Force Association.

The Project Mercury crew of the 6555th Aerospace Test Wing are photographed with Astronauts John Glenn and Scott Carpenter outside the gate of Complex 14. The group picture was taken after Glenn's orbital flight had during the preparation for the MA-7 launch. From left, back row: D. R. Househouser, Maj. J. W. Vorans, A. J. M. Westenberger, Sgt. D. P. Parrish, Capt. J. S. Dostoch, Capt. J. A. Gaivin, and Capt. V. W. Shiever. Front row: Maj. J. R. Moffnugh, Lt. Col. John Glenn, Lt. Col. S. R. H. Hall, Lt. Cmir. Scott Carpenter and Capt. H. E. Rar.