There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old scientific document or report.

THE FIELDS
Space Agency Launches Satellites Program
A NEW PROGRAM has been announced which will involve the launching of 19 scientific satellites, primarily for the investigation of earth's radiation fields and atmospheric conditions, the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory announced today.
The program will be carried out by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in cooperation with the Naval Research Laboratory and the Atomic Energy Commission.
The program will be carried out by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in cooperation with the Naval Research Laboratory and the Atomic Energy Commission.
The first satellite will be launched this summer and another will follow shortly thereafter. The satellites will be used to study the earth's radiation fields, atmospheric conditions, and solar radiations.
The satellites will be carried into orbit by Thor-Able launch vehicles, the Navy announced.
It is emphasized that the program is NOT a weather satellite program as has been suggested in some reports, but rather will be directed toward fundamental scientific investigations of the earth's radiation fields and atmospheric conditions.

Birth Rate of Small Stars...
Birth Rate of Small Stars Slower Than Long Age
THE BIRTH RATE of stars smaller than our sun is only about one-tenth that of larger stars, astronomers have found after an exhaustive study of stellar data. 
The conclusions are based on a statistical analysis of observations of the 1,000 nearest stars, made over a 50-year period. This study, made by Dr. Gerard P. Kuiper of the University of Chicago, of the U.S. Naval Observatory and Dr. Olin J. Eggen, of the Mount Wilson and Palomar Observatories, California Institute of Technology, indicates that the birth rate of stars comparable in size to the sun or smaller is only about 10 per cent of that of the more massive and luminous stars.
This information is of crucial importance to theories of the origin and evolution of the universe.

Safety from Fallout Seen
For Breast-Fed Babies
SCIENTISTS HAVE NEW EVIDENCE that radioctive fallout is much less dangerous to breast-fed babies than to those fed from canned or powdered milk. (...)

Overall Cure Rate Now
One in Three for Cancer
LATEST STATISTICS show the overall cure rate for cancer has increased to about one in three, or 33 1/3 per cent, according to the American Cancer Society. 
This compares with a 25 per cent cure rate 10 years ago. 
The increased rate is attributed to earlier detection, new methods of treatment, and wider application of known effective treatments. 
However, an estimated 160,000 Americans will die from cancer this year, the society reports. 
Cancer is still second only to heart disease as the leading cause of death in the United States. 
During the past 10 years, the society says, research has led to the development of new techniques for the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of cancer.

Alaska Caribou Has High
Level of Radioactivity
RADIOACTIVITY IN CARIBOU from northern Alaska has been found to be 30 to 40 times higher than in caribou from other northern areas, the U.S. Public Health Service reported.
Caribou is a staple food of Alaskan natives and an important source of food and clothing for many residents of the state. Radioactive contamination of caribou meat is therefore of considerable concern.
The high radioactivity apparently results from fallout deposited on the lichens eaten by the caribou. The lichen apparently acts as a concentrator of radioactive materials.
Consumption of caribou meat by Alaskans could result in serious internal radiation exposure, the Public Health Service warned.