The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for June 23, 1962

FIELDS
NUTRITION
Location of Milk Taste 
in Store Changes
- THE TASTE of milk bought in grocery
stores can depend on where the carton is
placed. David Lindsay, food scientist at
the University of California Food Sciences
Inst tute, says three factors:
Light. - Changes in taste are more
obvious the closer the milk carton is kept
to the glass door of the refrigerator. The
light streaming through the glass "can
change the taste of milk even in protected
cartons," especially in summer. Milk near
the back of the case, sheltered from light,
will sometimes taste better.
Temperature. - Milk at the front of the
case, next to the door, may be several 
degrees warmer than milk at the back,
close to the lamp, and sometimes does not
develop as well.
Air movement. - A flow of cold air
can make some cartons taste worse than
others, says Walter Dunkley at the Food
Institute of the University of California. 
The milkfat globules are hard to pin down,
he says, and the flavor changes with other
factors. "Matters of flavor of milk, the cow's
diet and many other factors."
Walter Dunkley says the flavor changes
introduced by these variations in storage
conditions  often enough to create an occa-
sional milk-quality  problem.
Such problems are introduced by fluores-
cent lamps similar to those caused by
sunlight, when the light bleaches the car-
otenoid pigments in the milk fat. In sum-
mer, when milk consumption is highest and
fluorescent light exposure to the greatest,
the deterioration can be most severe.
H. R. Franklin and R. M. Pangborn, also
at the Food Institute of the University of
California, have done taste-test studies
with Mr. Dunkley in the milk-flavor studies.
Science News Letter, 81:293, June 23, 1962

SOCIOLOGY
Hey, Calif., Great Lakes 
Rival E. Coast in 1980

* THIS WEEK'S 50 urban areas will
challenge the Atlantic Seaboard region in
population gains 20 years from now
Some key new population figures are:
Green Bay, Wis. to Rochester, N. Y. with
an estimated 70,000 persons in 1960.
Other leaders: Pittsburgh will overtake
Washington, D.C.; Milwaukee will surpass
St. Petersburg, with 10,000,000 and
from the Mexican border to San Francisco. 
This urbanized corridor already accounts
for size of the East Coast strip.
The "island seacoast" is sometimes called 
the "sprawl along the seacoast" reaching from 
Portland, Me., to  Washington, D.C. This 
area now contains 20 percent of the 
nation's total population, but will have
only 16 percent by 1980 - new growth in 
Great Lake states and West will make this 
region less dominant.

AUTOMATION
Russia Hopes to Surpass 
U.S. via Automation
* THE SOVIET UNION'S main hope of
surpassing (U.S. industrial production lies
in the development of "automatic con
trol," a professor at Princeton University
told the annual meeting of the American 
Philosophical Society.
The USSR has made "very rapid strides"
in this most advanced type of automation
technology, with machinery which can "take
over" a greater part of industrial operations.
The Soviets believe this system is essential 
for further industrial growth and overtaking
U.S. production, Francis G. Gibson, a former
engineer who visited the Soviet's major auto-
mation research centers, said.
But the Russian's are necessarily putting more 
emphasis on it.

ASTRONOMY
Test Seen for Einstein's 
Theory of Gravity Waves

* A CHANCE TO TEST the part of
Einstein's theory of general relativity that
predicts the existence of gravitational waves
is afforded by the discovery of a star pair 
600 miles from the sun's system.
The object is known as Hercules X-1. Its
behavior is calculated to give evidence of the
known period of orbital motion—only 81
minutes—are required for one resolution 
around its center of orbit. The one star, 
while dead, the other is not observable.
The stars are believed to be rotating 
around a common center so fast—1,500,000 
miles an hour—that the motion is indicated 
to be producing gravitational waves. Their 
faint and astronomers have not been able 
to determine whether the object is a double 
star or a different kind of binary system.
Dr. Robert P. Kraft, of Lick Observatory, 
College of the Pacific, and Dr. John Craford,
at Pasadena, Calif., physics Division, report
these, California Institute of Technology,
findings in Nature, published in the April 21
issue of that journal.

Science News Letter, 81:393 June 23, 1962