AFSC OBSERVER

At Edwards AFB
Top Space Roles

the principles presented in the open as well as to maintain the proficiency of students in the various aspects of space vehicle that cannot be easily or economically demonstrated in flight are simulated. Students undergo extensive stimulation both at the school and missions away from the school. Aerospace Research Will Conduct out with a program of field and temporary duty away from the base. Various organizations, agencies, contractor facilities are visited.

[Multiple nations representing the air forces of Paraguay, Brazil, Republic of China, Thailand, Italy, Belgium, Peru, Argentina, Viet Nam, Norway, and Saudi Arabia, recently officers examine the X-15 unmanned research rocket plane of Edwards AFB, recently. The officers, who were in this country to attend a Flying Officer Course at the University of Southern California, visited the AFSC installation as a part of their orientation.]

Declaration Symposium

restoration and recovery symposium keyed to applied research in the field of aerodynamic declarations will be hosted by the Aeronautical System Division Nov. 13 and [illegible] sponsored by ASD's Flight Accessories Laboratory, it will be held at the Neil Hotel, Dayton, Ohio, for government, industry and university researchers. Observations may be made by writing to the Astronautical Systems Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, attention: Flight Accessories Laboratory (AFFD-23).

The symposium will feature some 15 presentations and discussions.

Declarations evaluation and recovery branch will host a few meetings. George Solf, branch chief; John Anthony M. Guerini is symposium project officer

[PHOTOGRAPH: Black and white portrait photograph of a woman in military uniform]

Made Wendy Capps, 16-year-old Desert High School senior, was recently named from 10 contestants to reign as Edwards AFB in 1962. The 5'7" will be 17 in August and she will some 10 other area community be the Air Cadet Valley. The winner will rule over the Antelope Valley, Calif., Fair at Palmdale and one of Alfalfa Festival. Wendy's father, Robert N. Capps, is assigned to Force Flight Test Center Headquarters.

Many Air Force Academy cadets have been figuratively, floating around at various AFSC installations in recent weeks but these three, participating in a training program at Aeronautical Systems Division, are literally floating. The future officers are getting their first taste of "zero gravity" conditions. They are among a group of more than 800 who received training at Wright-Patterson AFB last month.

Fifteen years ago, Col. Charles E. "Chuck" Yeager (left) was the first man in the world to fly faster than the speed of sound. Here, he and Maj. Gen. William L. Rogers, Arnold Engineering Development Center commander, look over that center's newest wind tunnel, capable of attaining velocities about 20 times the speed of sound.