The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

AFR 200-2
d. Processing, answering, and taking action on correspondence received from the general public pertaining to the public relations, interest, and informational aspects of the unidentified flying objects program will be forwarded to AFSC (AFSC-PRIC) for action and reply.

7. Releasing Information:
a. The Office of Information, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, will handle all public or unofficial releases concerning UFO's, regardless of origin or nature. This includes letters to correspondents (except congressional inquiries), authorities, and other Air Force activities by reason of status, investigation, or analysis of sightings.

8. Exceptions:
In response to local inquiries regarding any UFO reported in the vicinity of an Air Force base, the commander of the base concerned may release information to the general public within only a limited geographic area for local public interest. The commander must exercise care not to make any classified aspects of the sighting or event a matter of public discussion. (paragraph 17) If the sighting is inexplicable or difficult to identify, because of insufficient information or inconsistencies, the only statement to be released is the fact that the sighting is under investigation. No additional details will be available at a later date. After completion of investigation, the commander, unless directed otherwise, will provide the results of the investigation. He will not give any further informationto the local public or news media.

9. Releases by Non-Air Force Sources: If newsmen, writers, publishers, or private individuals desire to release unilaterally information concerning any UFO sighting, every effort to assure that the statements, descriptions, and allegations of these individuals or groups are not associated with or represented as official information.

10. Contacts: Private individuals or organizations desiring Air Force information concerning UFO's will be referred to the Office of Information, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force. Personnel other than those of the Office of Information, will not contact private individuals or groups, nor will they give out any information concerning UFO's unless so directed.

12. Methods for Transmitting Reports:
a. Together with any necessary supporting data and investigations preparatory to reporting, report all information on UFO's promptly. Electrical transcription of the reports will be made only if the situation is such that time is of the essence.
b. Submit written reports of sightings over 3 days old on AF Form 112, "Intelligence Report."