HEADQUARTERS
836TH AIR DIVISION (TAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
MACDILL AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF     DOA                                                    3 0 NOV 1962

SUBJECT     Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) Sighting

TO          AFSC (FTD)
             Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1.    In accordance with AFR 200-2 dated 20 July 1962 the ensuing report is
submitted. Preliminary analysis confirms that the observer - a mature,
stable college graduate of sound judgement, sighted some unusual phenomenon
which is beyond the scope of this headquarters to satisfactorily explain.

2.    Basis data in accordance with paragraph 14, AFR 200-2 follows:

      a.    Description of the Object(s): A cluster of three "second magnitude",
star-like lights which, on approach and during "hovering" maintained a
stable relative horizontal formation. Upon departure after hovering,
relative positions changed in a "bouncing" manner, as phenomenon increased
in distance with decreased intensity from the observer, to ultimately merge
into the starry environment of the sky.

             (1)   Although an unusually clear night, no specific shape configuration
could be established.

             (2)   UFO(s) graduated in subtended size from approximately that of
a pin head to the head of a match (at arms length) from initial sighting
20° above horizon, through approach and hovering (about 45° above horizon).
Departure variation was substantially similar; all references were corroborated
by observer's wife.

             (3)   Star-like light, of second magnitude order.

             (4)   Three distinct lights, to form a cluster (formation).

             (5)   Stable relative positions along horizontal plane at initial
sighting, during approach - with an apparent increase in size, and during
"fixed" period. Upon departure, relative positions changed in irregularly-
controlled manner.

             (6)   No other distinguishing features visible.

             (7)   No tail, trail, or exhaust visible.

      (d)   Relatively still night; but no sound or noise audible relative
to sighting.