Great Pains Taken To 'Prep'
Man-Orbiting Atlas Boosters

When Cdr. Walter M. Schirra lifts
off on a six-orbit space flight, sched-
uled for next month, his Project
Mercury capsule will be boosted by a
system that has withstood an Air Force
shakedown, thorough and exhaustive to
the limits of human and electronic
capability.

Such a shakedown is necessary to
provide maximum reliability in boosters
used for the National Aeronautic and
Space Administration's manned space
flight program.

Every item among the multi-thousand
components that made an Atlas func-
tion is checked, tested, retested, and
checked again. The some 100 "key"
components—those which, by a single
failure, could jeopardize the mission
and the safety of the astronaut—are
specially selected, specially handled, and
examined before the unique Mercury
seal is applied.

It's a safe bet that an Atlas rocket
wearing the Mercury decal has carried
that label, it's equally certain that the
U.S astronaut who gets a 360,000-pound
thrust into orbit can depend on the ma-
chines that generates and controls that
power to be as totally reliable as possi-
ble.

A conscientious, painstaking Air
Force-contractor team sees to that and
the Space Systems Division program
office stands ready to guarantee it.

The man behind the desk behind the
Atlas boosters for the Mercury program
is Lt. Col. Robert H Brundin, a West
Point grad and veteran of b-52 and H-21
D-2 research and development.

"The whole weight designed to boost
a man," he says, "To gain the reliabil-
ity we need, systems in an aircraft sys-
tem, for example, we'd have to go back
and redesign the Atlas, do a lot more
testing and probably provide for more
redundancy throughout the system.
There hasn't been time for any of that.

"We chose to stay with the existing
Atlas configuration as closely as pos-

sible," Colonel Brundin points out.
"That way, we could take advantage of
the testing already done to prove the
Atlas as an ICBM system.

"Intensive and extensive ICBM test-
ing has been, it hasn't measured up to
Mercury requirements—or to the Air
Force's satisfaction. A Mercury Atlas
not only takes twice as many man hours
to fabricate as an R&D or operational
missile, it also gets more than three
times the normal checkout time and
attention."

Broadly speaking, the cure lavished
on Mercury boosters averages 60 to 90
days of nit-picking scrutiny. An ordin-
ary Atlas, by comparison, undergoes
about 20 days of inspection.

Located at Cape Canaveral, the
Mercury test facility goes through
several weeks more of two and three
shift testing operations to sea level.

Blue suiters in the SSD Mercury di-
rectorate admit that there is a limit to
the degree of reliability that can be at-
tained in a system as complex as the
Atlas. Random failure, for example, is
unavoidable.

Because a margin between practical
reliability and absolute reliability does
exist, Air Force officers and contractors
imagine the booster portions of the
Mercury program have come up with
a computer "plus" designed to bridge
that area of marginal reliability. This is
the Mercury booster's automatic malp-
ractional system—"AS 15," in Air
Force parlance.

"We've been shooting for a 99.5 per
cent reliability in this system," Colonel
Brundin says. "On the basis of locally

AFSWC Scouting Group, S
To Sponsor Aerospace Edu.

Three hundred outstanding New
Mexico high school science and math
students have a better understanding of
AFSC's educational requirements for
the aerospace age, thanks to the Air
Force Special Weapons Center.

Coming from cities and villages
throughout the state which was the
birthplace of nuclear weapons tech-
nology, the teenagers spent three days
with AFSWC scientists and engineers
in Albuquerque during Armed Forces
Week. They were the guests of the Cen-
ter and Boy Scout Explorer Science
Post, co-sponsors of the first Aero-
space Education Conference.

thousands of tests, I would say we have
bettered that objective."

The short sensing system is designed
to safeguard the astronaut in the event
anything malfunctions during covered
flight. When trouble is detected, AS 15
activates mechanisms that separate the
spacecraft from the booster and para-
chutes the pilot to safety.

The system got an actual baptism by
fire during an early Mercury shot when,
although no man was aboard, the cap-
sule was saved from damage when the
Atlas malfunctioned and had to be
destroyed. The capsule survived and
was subsequently reflown.

At Cape Canaveral, birdwatchers of
the Air Force's 6555th Aerospace Test
Wing stay with the Atlas and, along
with the contractor representatives on
hand, oversee the batteries of tests con-
ducted on the site. Colonel Brundin's
Florida counterpart, Lt. Col. Robert R.
Hull, takes charge of the blockhouse
and is launch director for the count-
down.

But with all the tests and the unrelax-
ing ascent on safety, an Atlas booster is
never ignited in support of Mercury
until an Air Force Flight Safety Review
Board, chaired by a senior officer, has
reviewed all the problems and actions
pertinent to that booster and subse-
quently certified that it is ready to put a
man into orbit.

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962

[NON-TEXT PAGE: black-and-white photograph showing two military officers examining documents at a desk]

[NON-TEXT PAGE: black-and-white photograph showing a group of approximately eight people, including military personnel and civilians, posed together outdoors]

The Project Mercury crew meets with
graphed with Astronauts John Glenn and S.
Cooper (S. lower left), W. Schirra and M.
and during the preparation for the MA-7
D. K. Hanhaiser, Maj. J. Curtis, Lt. Col.
Parrish, Capt. J. S. Deutsch, Capt. J. A. G.
Forrest, Maj. J. Dockery, Lt. Col. Robert H.
Hull, Lt. Cdr., Scott Carpenter and Capt. H.