There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on this page discusses various UFO sightings and reports, including the "Ryan case" that occurred in New York in 1956, and the potential for scientists to be "fooled" by closely associated occurrences with their specialized fields, as evidenced by the experience of Dr. Donald H. Menzel of Harvard. The text suggests that there are sightings in the Air Force files that indicate ball lightning or other similar electromagnetic phenomena as the probable cause, due to their infrequent occurrence and transient nature.

-3-

nomens are anything other than as claimed by the Air Force. The
Air Force attempts to intercept any object which is unidentified
and has prescribed performance parameters.

In many instances the pilot, upon returning to the ground,
realizes that he has been attempting to close on some common
object such as a planet. The Ryan case which occurred in the
state of New York on 8 April 1956 was due to the misidentification
of the planet Venus. Our records reveal that Captain Ryan was
not directed by the Air Force to investigate the object and that,
according to his own statement, he did not deviate from course
for this or any other purpose. The fact that Captain Ryan arrived
at Schenectady, his destination, on schedule tends to substantiate
the claim that he did not deviate from course.

Scientists and engineers, though experts in their own field,
can temporarily misidentify some object or phenomena thus report-
ing it as an unidentified flying object. It is, in fact, possible
for a scientist to be fooled by an occurrence closely associated
with his specialized field as evidenced by the experience of Dr.
Donald H. Menzel of Harvard, a noted astronomer. Dr. Menzel was
fooled for a time by the refracted image of the star Sirius. This
experience is related in Chapter IV, page 60 of his forthcoming
book, THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS, published by Doubleday.

There are sightings in the Air Force files which indicate ball
lightning or some similar electromagnetic phenomena as the probable
cause. Due to the infrequent occurrence and the transient nature