The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document describes an incident that occurred on November 5, 1962 in Tucuman, Argentina. The text details the witness's account of seeing a bright light that illuminated the area and then disappeared. The document does not identify any individuals involved in the incident.

No Case (Information Only)  
5 November 1962  
Tucuman, Argentina

One of the most interesting cases of all occurred on the night of November 5, 1962, and is related in a long account in the Tucumán newspaper published in Tucumán, Argentina. The witnesses were two people who stopped their car on the highway for a rest stop because of a UFO which was blocking their way only 100 yards in front of them.

The witnesses saw the ground, which had been completely covered with a bright light, become suddenly dark. Just a few instants later, the light grew dimmer, and it was only after that that they could see the form of the UFO, which was about the size of a small automobile and seemed to be resting on the ground. The light from the object was so bright that it enabled them to see for a considerable distance around, and it seemed to illumine the whole countryside. The object itself appeared to be about 80 feet in diameter and was rounded on top. It gave off a bluish light which appeared to be evenly distributed over the entire surface. On the side facing the witnesses, there appeared to be a series of rectangular windows from which glowed a soft white light. From the bottom of the object came a beam of brilliant white light that swept the ground for a distance of about 150 yards. This beam of light appeared to be directing the object, as it moved up and down and from side to side in a scanning motion. The object remained in this position for several minutes and then, without any warning, the light grew suddenly brighter for an instant and then winked out completely, leaving the witnesses in total darkness. One of the witnesses said that he believed that he had seen a window or opening on the side of the object, and that through this he had caught a glimpse of a shadowy figure moving inside, but this was not certain. The witnesses were in a state of complete shock and astonishment at what they had seen, and neither one of them was able to drink a drink to fortify themselves.