Patrick AF3 Solves Problem
Of Holiday Road Hazards

Each year during Labor Day week-end a staggering number of Americans become accident fatalities as they hurry about to have one last summer fling.

Whether it's a trip to the beach for swimming or skiing, or a visit to relatives several hundred miles away, most families use the highways to come ex-tent during the weekend.

His increased traffic, fatigued drivers who try to travel too far and the holi-day spirit all add up to a deadly week-end. Statistics prove the statement.

Last year concerned officials at Air Force Missile Test Center came up with a plan to give assigned personnel an opportunity to really celebrate the long weekend without risking the dangers of extensive travel.

A Labor Day sports festival was con-ducted with competitions in fishing, ping-pong, tennis, horseshoes, swim-ming, diving, pram racing, bowling, golf, baseball, softball, and yes, even pig racing.

According to Col. Henry Dittman, Patrick AFB commander, the program

Rocket Club Announces
Annual Essay Competition

The National Rocket Club has an-nounced it is sponsoring an annual na-tional essay competition on the his-toric development of rocketry and space. The competition is called the Dr. Robert H. Goddard Historical Essay Competition, in honor of the famous American rocket pioneer.

This competition is the first project of the National Rocket Club. According to the History of Rocketry and Astronautics and, according to the committee, the only literary competition devoted to historical affairs in the field of rocketry and space.

Members of the committee will serve as judges.

Submitted essays may treat with any significant aspect of historical de-velopment of rocketry and astronautics, will be judged on originality and scholarship. They may bring new insight on and shed a new or different light on events in the individual history and technology in the U.S.

The Rocket Club said essays should be submitted by Nov. 1, 1963, to the "Goddard Historical Competi-tion," National Rocket Club, Suite 32, 1735 K Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. Winner of the competition will be announced at the Roleyn H. God-dard Memorial Dinner on March 15, 1963, and a prize of $500 and an appropriate trophy will be awarded.

Graduation Time

Commencement exercises for the 1962 class of resident and transfer students of the USAF Hospital at Lakeland AFB will be held in the hospital auditorium recently.

The class, consisting of 35 nurses, 13 dental interns and 34 medical in-terns, was the largest to complete train-ing at the Lakeland hospital since its inception as the Air Force's first teach-ing hospital in 1957.

could only be classified as an outstand-ing success. More than 3,500 partici-pated in the wide range of events.

During the long weekend, not a single traffic accident involving AFMTC personnel was reported and there were no injuries of any type.

[Photograph: A young child in light-colored clothing standing outdoors]

A water skiing show featured some of the big and young and old spectators. Making (from left) Jack Rowland, Sgt. Ed Daly, Penny Witt and Mary Pat Eschenbach.

[Photograph: Multiple children standing together outdoors]

A father-son golf tournament held the interest. Ready to tee off are (from left) Lt. Col. P. S. N. Dunn and son, Missic, TSgt. R. I. Pro, J. T. Holley and son, Jim.

[Photograph: Children playing outdoors]

One of the most enjoyed events—by specta-tors especially—was the "Egg Toss." Pictured is the big three contestants. They are (from l. to r.) Hafer, second, and Douglas Grant, third.

AFMTC Donates Surplus
to Florida Schools

More than a million dollars worth of electronic and related electrical equip-ment was recently donated to Florida educational institutions by the Air Force Missile Test Center.

Eight colleges and universities from all parts of the state benefited from the $1,163,000 worth of surplus property, most of which is earmarked for classroom and laboratory work.

Under a program directed by the De-partment of Health, Education, and Welfare, some Federal surplus property will be required by certain institutions for educational use. When such prop-erty becomes available state agencies are notified.

The Surplus Property Division of the Florida Development Commission coordinated with AFMTC's contribution and marketing section to obtain the large donation at Patrick AFB.

AFSS NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962