SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for May 26, 1962                335

SPACE

Glenn Effect Seen in 1954

New evidence from stereo pictures taken by rocket eight years ago backs up theory that the glowing particles seen by Astronaut Glenn were snow crystals, Tove Neville reports.

▶ A ROCKET shot into space eight years ago has yielded new evidence supporting particles Astronaut John H. Glenn Jr. and Cosmaut Gherman S. Titov saw in space may have been snow crystals. Stereo photographs taken from a Viking rocket launched in 1954 showed glowing particles similar to those described by the two space men. The particles appeared every time the particular rocket fire appeared and never during the flight of the space capsule, Dr. Siegfried Fred has observed.

The difference in size could be accounted for by the greater amount of water vapor ejected from the Viking control jets than from National Space vehicles. This explanation was given to Science News by Otto E. Berg, physicist at the Naval Research Laboratory in Goddard Space Flight Center.

To support observations made in the day sky experiment, Mr. Berg has observed that water droplets, when placed in a vacuum system that is pumped down to a high vacuum will freeze and remain as ice crystals for many minutes without evaporating or sublimating (turn to gas). This proves water can turn to ice and exist as ice in space.

When the stereo photographs were made, Mr. Berg was conducting an experiment in a Viking rocket to determine the brightness of the day sky at high altitudes and to determine if clouds of particles existed at those high altitudes as claimed by other rocket experiments.

The photographs were taken by two cameras, spaced 3 feet apart, using red, blue and polaroid filter. Some shots were also made without filters, he said. The brightness of the sky at 135 miles was less than 50,000 times dimmer than at sea level. Clouds of particles alleged to exist at this altitude were not detected.

Scientists agree that Glenn's observations of the glowing particles were accurate. Snow crystals would have appeared as bright yellowish-green when the sunlight shone through them. Glenn also believed the firefly-like particles were snowflakes. Some scientists working with particle effects failed to produce snowflakes by working the thrusters of the capsule's jets, he discarded the idea.

Astronaut Glenn related further that the particles looked white when close to the capsule windows in the shade away from the sun. He noted that the particles were

visible to Glenn in the darkness. Then, as the capsule emerged from the earth's shadow into the sunlight, the ice crystals became visible to the astronaut. Shortly after, some of them reportedly tumbled, or expected, the ice particles.

It is possible that the water vapor from which the particles would form could have been released from the vents of the capsule's fresh air-conditioning system of the space capsule.

Glenn might have been able to see the particles from around the capsule during the night part of his orbit and the light from the night sky reflected off them. Thus firefly-like particles could have made the other had fallen from his face.

By the time the capsule moved into the morning sunlight, Glenn was able to see the particles which had collected during the night until they had evaporated from the energy of the sunlight or moved back toward as they were not able to keep up with the spacecraft.

Another assumption that these particles were not ice, therefore some other compound of snow, but still about where to form a halo around the earth for some munications was obscured.

According, M. Scott Carpenter, the astronaut scheduled to repeat Astronaut Glenn's flight, will do try to discriminate among glowing particles.

► Science News Letter, 51:353 May 26, 1962