The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads as follows:

Location of occurrence: Iayovtsingersts Should Check With local observers, Where exact location of sighting is not definitely known. Any known occurrence could account for the sighting.
Secrecy and necessity of information on the project in the local weather station at the time of observation. Careful study of the local weather station will reveal the reasons of observation for the sighting.
UFO reports should contain the best possible weather data. This data should not be obtained from the witness, but rather from the weather station closest to the site of the sighting which could have recorded significant data.

IV. Major Causes of UFO's and How to Identify Them

The attached chart is a breakdown of the sightings for the year 1960. This chart is typical of the last few years.

1. Meteors
The first type is METEORS reported most frequently as a UFO in the meteor. You are all familiar with the classical shooting stars and some of you may have been fortunate enough to witness a fireball which is a much larger meteor. Some of you may have seen rare trails left in the atmosphere a "Fibreball".

Here are the characteristics of this type of sighting:
a. The duration is USUALLY extremely short. Varying from a fraction of a second to several seconds.
b. The color may be red, white, green, blue-almost any color depending upon the chemical composition of the meteor.
c. The flight path will almost always be straight. Reports where the position of initial observation and the final position are noted indicate a straight line trajectory.
d. The speed, of course, will be associated with the size of the meteor. AS a rule of thumb, the speed may vary from 43.8 miles per second, depending upon whether the meteor is overcoming the Earth's gravity or merely passing it by.