The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing text and a celestial time table for July.

under and 5 penumbra. The former has the shape of a cone it opens to a point at about the attance of the earth from the moon. At the phase of new moon it is always in the same direction from earth as the sun, but generally the shadow both in umbra and penumbra, passes either north or south of our planet and there is no total solar eclipse. However, sometimes the tip of the shadow does reach the earth. Then it causes a band, perhaps a hundred miles wide and several thousand miles long. where the total eclipse is visible. Around it is a much larger region, where the penumbra touches earth, in which people can see a partial eclipse of the sun, the upper parts of the inner shadow is painted toward the earth, but does not reach it, to other parts of the earth see only a crescent or partial eclipse.
And even though the moon may come in front of the sun, that does not completely cover up the surface, a thin ring of the sun's surface remains visible around the lunar disc. The Latin for this is "annulus", an annular eclipse.
On July 31, the path of the annular eclipse starts on the sun in dating in the interior of Brazil and the Guianas, the Atlantic Ocean, and Central Africa, rolling in fast off West Africa, and ending in the South Atlantic Ocean, off the coast of South America. Florida (where the sun will be only slightly obscured), the Atlantic Ocean, Sicily, part of Arabia, and the western Indian Ocean.

Celestial Time Table for July
Jul. 1st      6:42 a.m. Moon rises west of sun
        11:37 a.m. Moonset
July 7.      6:05 a.m. Moon rise  
        11:20 a.m. Moonset
July 14     2:00 a.m. Moon rises before sun
        10:07 a.m. Moon higher distance
July 21     6:41 a.m. Full moon (penumbral)
July 28     4:00 a.m. Moon rises distance
        9:35 p.m. Moon higher higher
July 29     11:59 p.m. Moon pass Jupiter
July 30     early a.m. Meteors, visibule radiating from constellation of Aquarius
Aug. 4      2:32 a.m. Moon in last quarter
Aug. 5      10:04 p.m. Moon dimmer, cutest star
Note: The total eclipse hours for MST Science News Letter, B1, 1962 June 23, 1962