This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO project report.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

No Case (Information Only) 28 November 1962 Edinburg, Scotland

A blue-and-white radar trace taken from the colour photograph and submitted to the REVIEW by David Budman.

A COLOUR PHOTOGRAPH

All witnesses remain silent and warn me that their identity must be kept secret, so I cannot give their names. At about 10.15 a.m. on 9 November 1962, three middle-aged men, who appear to be foreigners, were watching an object which seemed to be hovering over the nearby hills. Its size was estimated to be the same as a Piper Cub aircraft and it had a luminous quality. After hovering for about 15 minutes and one of the men attempting unsuccessfully to photograph it, the object began moving at a tremendous speed and disappeared from sight. The three men were quite excited and their hands were shaking. One of them told me that it seemed to "wobble" as it accelerated and took off, finally disappearing in about 3 seconds. After the incident one of the men said he saw a red pulsating light, perhaps an exhaust. The other two did not mention this. All three stated that their attention were drawn to the object and that they had not heard any unusual sound associated with it. Although it appeared to be quite close, it made no more noise than a distant jet aircraft would have made. They all felt that whatever it was, it moved at a speed far in excess of anything they had ever seen before.

Other report for that area shows that earlier in the day, Mrs. Flora Murray, a retired school teacher and Kodak who made a colour transparency from a Kodak Instamatic camera, of an object which she had seen over the nearby hills. The object was about the size of a golf ball at arm's length and was described as metallic-looking and flashing. From her windows, which face in the direction of the hills, she observed the object for about 30 seconds before it disappeared. Her transparency was submitted to REVIEW with the report. The names of all three gentlemen and Mrs. Murray, of course, known to me.