64                THE READER'S DIGEST                May

set out to swivel his way into the  down to a trim, flat-bellied 168.
toughest program of all: Project  To train himself to handle a cap-
Mercury. He started with two hand-  sule tumbling out of control, he
icaps: he lacked a college degree,  spent hours spinning giddily in the
and, at 37, he was considered an old  fiendishly contrived "Mastif" (mul-
man. But he managed to get permis-  tiple axis space test inertia facility),
sion to go along as an "observer"  which simultaneously rotates in
with one prime candidate of the  three directions, like a carnival ride
Navy's Bureau of Aeronautics.  gone amok. Time and again he
When the candidate failed an early  rode the giant centrifuge, which
test, "Johnny stepped up, chest  multiplies gravitational pull to sim-
high," Rainoforth recalls, "and of-  ulate the strains of take-off and
fered himself. They took him."  return. Despite his years, Glenn
   Through the Wringer. Candidate  showed the least heart fluctuation of
Glenn and 500 others were run  any astronaut. (At lift-off of Friend-
through a wringer of mental and  ship 7, Glenn's pulse rate was a rela-
physical tests.* Doctors charted their  tively placid 110 beats per minute.
brain waves, skewered their hands  Shepard's rate was 139; Grissom's
with electrodes to pick up the elec-  170 during their lift-offs. All three
trical impulses that would tell how  men normally register between 60
quickly their muscles responded to  and 70 beats a minute.)
nerve stimulation. Glenn held up    The Hero. Not since Charles A.
tensiously under tests of heat and  Lindbergh, in 1927, has the United
vibration, did especially well with  States had such a hero. From the
problems of logical reasoning.  moment he stepped out of his cap-
   To the surprise of no one who  sule onto the deck of the Noa,
has ever known him, Glenn was one  Glenn has accepted his apotheosis as
of the seven who were picked to be-  coolly as he handled Friendship 7
come the nation's first astronauts.  on its flight through space. In the
But even among the astronauts John  flood of press conferences, parades,
Glenn stood out in his determina-  appearances before Congress and
tion. By his own decision, he spent  Congressional committees, he has
only weekends with his wife, son  been articulate and at ease. There is
and daughter in Arlington, Va.,  honest pride in his great achieve-
lived Monday through Friday at  ment, but he has gone out of his way
Virginia's Langley Air Force Base  to acknowledge the roles of hun-
so that he could better concentrate  dreds of others who stood behind
on the program. He ran two miles  it. In greetings to his backstage
before breakfast every morning,  co-workers at Canaveral, he put his
sweated himself from 195 pounds  feelings in this fashion: "There is
    * "The Fantastic Search for the First  much acclaim for this flight, but it is
Space Man," The Reader's Digest, May '62.  only one step in a long program. I'd