The image appears to contain a table titled "TABLE OF V.H.F. RECEPTION DISTANCES" which lists various reception distances for different transmitting and receiving stations. There is no photograph present in this image.

V.H.F. OMNI-RANGE (VOR)
The V.H.F. omni-range operates within the 108-118 megacycle band. To this band it is relatively free from atmospheric and ionospheric disturbances. The VOR station transmits two signals, one rotating and one fixed. The rotating signal is used to indicate the bearing of the aircraft from the station. The fixed signal is used to indicate when the aircraft is directly over the station (On the radial). At minimum instrument altitudes the VOR gives reliable indications up to distances of approximately 40 nautical miles. Orientation to the station is maintained by cross-checking the two VOR receivers on the aircraft and monitoring the course deviation indicator. The first light shown on the VHF panel indicates reception of the VOR signal. The second light indicates the ON FLAG or station passage. The VOR receiver contains a "TO-FROM" indicator which shows whether the bearing indicated by the omni-bearing selector is to or from the station. When the indicator shows "TO" the aircraft is flying toward the station; when it shows "FROM" the aircraft is flying away from the station. If the indicator shows a flag, it means the signal is unreliable and the station should not be used for navigation. The VOR receiver output is used to drive the course deviation indicator. This indicator is aligned with the VOR card so that full scale deflection to the left indicates the aircraft is to the left of the selected radial, and full scale deflection to the right indicates the aircraft is to the right of the selected radial. Thus the pilot can quickly determine the position of the aircraft in relation to the selected radial.

U.S. WEATHER BROADCASTS AND TRANSMISSIONS
U.S. Weather broadcasts on the range of radio bands (frequencies) broadcast weather reports and other information as a service to aircraft. Standard weather broadcasts are on 121.5 mc voice and include routine local and area weather, pilot reports, and other information of value to flight operations. Scheduled weather broadcasts can be expected during daylight hours on 121.5 mc on the half hour. Weather messages of an urgent nature are broadcast immediately on 121.5 mc when necessary. Continuous broadcasts of standard and special weather reports are available on 156.8 mc in certain areas (major metropolitan areas). This frequency is monitored by flight service stations and users. Scheduled broadcasts on 156.8 mc can be expected during daylight hours. Less than an hour and a quarter are not broadcast. Inflight weather advisories for hazardous weather conditions are broadcast immediately on 122.0 mc when necessary. This frequency is monitored by flight service stations and users. SIGMET and AIRMET reports which deal with hazardous weather are broadcast immediately on 122.0 mc when issued.