The image contains a written report about a UFO sighting, but does not include any photographs. As an OCR system, I will proceed to output all the text found in the document:

UFO SIGHTING
Greenriver, Wyoming
22 October 1962

Observers: Mr._____, age 44
Cora(17), Wyoming & Salt Lake City, Utah
Mr._____ manages and leases the land and buildings owned by his family. The number operation is manufacturing.

Mr._____, age 66, Cora(17), Wyoming
Location: Cora(17), Wyoming about 200 air miles from Casper, Wyoming.  
Time: Shortly after 1700. Observer looked at watch at 5:30 and estimated that the object had appeared about 10 minutes previously. Dusk, not yet dark but not light.
Course: Object #1: First observed about 12 miles up Greenriver Canyon & 1 turned or up to about down Greenriver Valley. It appeared to be hovering or stationary & estimate altitude of 9,000 feet as the Greenriver River in Greenriver Valley. It appeared in the northwest and moved northeast and northerly. It moved south, then ascended very slowly to estimated altitude of 19,000 feet as the object appeared to be the east and traveled west.
The observer was in a home situated.
The object was highly illuminated and estimated to be between 11,000 and 12,000 feet in diameter. The object remained semi-stationary for a period of about 5 minutes and then grew brighter and came nearer to where the observers were located. The object through field glasses appeared to be circular in shape with a luminous border and wings was discernible. The aircraft apparently was burning all illuminating and had no sound. When the object was within an approximate distance of about 1 mile, it then appeared to be the size of an automobile. As the object approached, it appeared to be the size of an automobile. As the object approached, it appeared to tilt slightly and the luminosity appeared to diminish. The object appeared to be the size of an R-10 transport (as used by the military) and continued on a northwest course. After a period of time, the object appeared to be the size of a star and disappeared to the southwest.