The image contains a photograph of a comet, which appears to be Comet Seki. The text accompanying the image describes the comet as being as bright as Halley's Comet and discusses its appearance and properties.

ASTRONOMY
Promising Comet Seki 
Disappoints Astronomers
COMET SEKI---Expdted to vle with Halley's comet in brightness, Comet Seki, discovered by Japanese astronomer Seki, has instead faded so much that it can barely be seen. It was first sighted on Oct. 7, 1961, flagstaff, Ariz. photograph shows Seki when it was at its brightest, Nov. 4, 1961, when observers claimed it would eventually equal Halley's famed comet in brightness.
ASTRONOMY
Bright as Halley's Comet
NOW A FAINT OBJECT
A Comet that was expected to become as bright as the famed Halley's Comet has instead failed to live up to the predictions of astronomers and is now a faint object in the constellation Leo, the Lion.
When Comet Seki was first discovered on Oct. 7, 1961, at the Flagstaff. Ariz., observatory of the United States Naval Observatory, it was thought that it might become a spectacular sight in the night sky, even rivaling the brightness of Halley's Comet.
However, by the end of November, as the comet continued to recede from the sun, it instead faded in brightness to the point where it can barely be seen with the unaided eye under ideal observing conditions.
Dr. Bancroft W. Sitterly of the National Astronomical Observatory of the University of California at Berkeley, told Science Service that "the comet simply failed to live up to the expectations of astronomers."
"It will pass by the stars and can be seen quite easily with small telescopes and binoculars, but it will not provide the spectacular show that we were hoping for," he added.
Dr. Sitterly explained that Comet Seki was first reported on Oct. 4, 1961, by the Japanese astronomer Tsutomu Seki, who discovered the Comet while he was observing the galaxy Messier 101 near the constellation of the Hunting Dogs.
After its discovery, astronomers eagerly watched the comet's progress, and by early November it was bright enough to be easily visible in the evening sky low on the western horizon. At that time, it was so prominent that it could be seen without optical aid and was being compared to Halley's Comet.
However, by the end of November, the comet had receded from the sun and was fading rapidly, dashing the hopes of astronomers that it would put on a brilliant display.
"It is unfortunate, but this is the way it goes with comets," Dr. Sitterly remarked. "They can be unpredictable and sometimes fail to live up to expectations."