The image contains a hand-drawn illustration or sketch, but does not contain any photographs. The illustration appears to depict some kind of unidentified flying object or craft.

As an OCR system, I will output the following text found in the document:

lost sight, or it appeared to go down, Durham Drive, I momentarily lost sight of it. It started getting darker and darker. By the time I got down so as to look up, whatever it was had disappeared. All I saw was a glow in the sky, which I though was a light on the ground and a very noticeable movement, but whatever it was had disappeared. I though I saw it for a minute again in the distance but that's all. The 
was it that I saw up above the object. It was a much larger object tha the one I had seen initially, flying above the one I had seen. I'm not sure if I actually saw another object or if the one I saw was the same one and just appeared to be moving differently or at a different speed or different direction, I'm not sure. But it was a definitely much larger object then the one I had seen first. At first I though it was an airplane or meteor or something, but this was an extremely large object, much larger than any airplane. It appeared to be flying in a downward direction, almost completely vertical. Then it turned and appeared to be going away from me or leaving the area, and then it disappeared.
I got the impression that the object was a solid structure, not just a light. While it was not close enough for me to see any details, the overall shape and the way it moved indicated to me that it was a solid craft of some kind. The entire observation lasted no more than 2 minutes.
At one point the object appeared to be hovering, but the way it maneuvered and changed directions indicated to me that it was powered and under some kind of control. The object was dark in color, perhaps a gray or silver metallic type color. As I mentioned, it was too far away for me to see any details, but the overall shape and movements were very unusual and unlike any aircraft I've seen before.