The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

3. I did carefully certain the I saw the objects for at least five minutes.
4. The sky conditions: a. Hazy, sky-visual.
b. Cirrus type clouds-more than visible.
5. The object was about the size of an automobile at a distance of at least a mile.
6. The object had the following characteristics: a. Disc-shaped; b. hazy, light blue color; c. Rotating or tumbling motion; d. silent; e. No sound as it passed over.
7. The object disappeared to the east-northeast beyond my vision.
8. I know long it was in my sight but the following: a. Object appear to me as a pulsating or varying light; b. The speed was that above the speed of a jet; c. It took the object about 2-3 minutes to cross from the west to the east-northeast.
9. After it turned above beyond my vision it was looking just like a falling star, but a very bright one.
10. To the best of my knowledge, the object was the only one observed, with no comparison to anything else in the sky at the time.
11. There were no other witnesses, to the best of my knowledge and no sounds occurred during the sighting.
12. Except for looking up and seeing the object I made no special actions other than trying to observe it as closely as possible.
13. The object disappeared to the east-northeast beyond my vision.
14. There was no effect on me physically, the object did not come close enough to me to be of any danger.
15. I am still somewhat puzzled by what I observed, and this observation has increased my interest in the possibilities of visitors from outer space.
16. I have a professional scientific background and am inclined to analyze carefully that which I observe. The object I saw did not fit into any conventional explanation that I can find.
17. My interest is purely scientific and I wish only to establish the facts as accurately as possible. I have no desire to promote any particular theory or preconceived idea about this object.
18. The object was seen clearly enough for me to draw a reasonable sketch, but my artistic ability is not adequate to do more than a very crude representation.
19. This incident has tended to convince me that some of the reports from reliable sources of unidentified flying objects deserve a more thorough and objective investigation.
20. .... was the object for a short period.
21. The object which I saw, is the first I have ever observe under such circumstances to which I am compared in more details.