The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document titled "SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for July 28, 1962".

The text found in the document is as follows:

"Space
Spacecraft Reentry Faces Higher Temperatures
WITH LIFT INCREASING aerodynamic heating may force some fundamental changes in the design of manned space vehicles, according to scientists at the General Electric Research Laboratory. 
The new temperatures are expected to raise problems in ablative heat shields, refractory coatings, and other materials exposed to intense heating at reentry. Also, as a result of higher lift, the space vehicle may be subjected to greater buffeting and turbulence during its descent through the atmosphere.
These factors could produce serious problems in controlling the precise maneuvering and flight path necessary for accurate landings.

Formulas for Artificial Blood Plasma Sought
A SUPPLY of artificial blood plasma is needed for use in medico-military emergencies where natural human plasma may not be available, according to Dr. Cyril N. Hahn of the University of Illinois, who is studying ways to produce a suitable artificial substitute.
The need for plasma substitutes, explained Dr. Hahn, arises from the limited supply of human plasma, which is obtained by taking blood from donors. Normally the plasma, which contains the life-giving proteins of the blood, is separated from the corpuscles and preserved for use in transfusions or treatment of shock.
Sometimes the plasma supply runs short, as after a disaster or in military emergencies. So scientists are searching for artificial substitutes that can be mass-produced and stored readily for immediate use.

Authorized TV Used for Developing Countries
IN MANY developed countries television sets are already commonplace in the home, and the U.S. Agency for International Development sees a need for expanding television facilities in underdeveloped nations as a medium for education, information and cultural exchange.
The need for television sets has been growing rapidly in many areas of the world, especially in Latin America, Asia and Africa. Recognizing this need, the Agency has worked out a system for providing low-cost, rugged television sets and other equipment to such countries. The aim is to assist in the development of television networks that can serve educational, informational, cultural and entertainment purposes. This project will require the continued development of inexpensive, durable TV sets and other equipment geared to the special needs of the countries receiving the aid."