The image contains a newspaper article with the headline "MYSTERY LIGHTS"--as mentioned in Las Cruces Sun-News. The article describes an incident where unidentified flying objects were spotted over Las Cruces, New Mexico. The article states that this was the third such incident in about a year and that an Air Force officer had reported seeing the lights. The article also mentions that the lights were seen to be "flashing on and off" and that the police department had reported similar sightings previously. Overall, the image appears to be a scanned page from a project Blue Book document detailing a UFO sighting report.

"MYSTERY LIGHTS"--as mentioned in Las Cruces Sun-News

In case it should be of any interest to anyone, 1 happened to be a photographer and I happened to see this stuff myself. At the conclusion of the transit it happened to look to the north and saw the most brilliant lights I have ever seen. They just seemed to be flashing on and off, at the time on our master clock as 12:24 a.m. This meteor (or meteorite) was travelling very low to east and faded from sight north of me. It was going almost on a horizontal path, very slightly angling downward, and was only about 10 degrees above the horizon when sighted. Flying saucers in the sky were noted. I don't think we need fear that it was a serious saucer.

Mystery Lights -- 
Seen Flashing -
Over Las Cruces
More unidentified flying objects were sighted over Las Cruces early today, making this the third incident in about a year and a half.

Officer Dan Carde reported seeing the lights flashing on and off in the direction of the Organ Mountains shortly after midnight.

Officer Carde said the lights appeared to be white light stationary in the sky, then "dazzle" or "flicker" before disappearing. The police department reported similar sightings were reported during recent months from here.

Missile Range told the local department that no aircraft over Las Cruces' airspace or known flights were "just missed by a falling star".

Police here said the sightings are to be checked further by the state.