Unfortunately, there are no photographs or images present in this document. The document appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. 

The text in the document is as follows:

UNICORN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
the large upper tasks almost suggest the earliest probolocean types like the most primititive pentularia is found in the indian rock section. These have bees mentioned as cylindrical columns or circular cross-section.
BIBLIOGRAPHY
Pennington, C.F. (1950). Mammoth Gravel Beds, Mt Holyoke, Mass. and related phenomena. Am. J. Sci. 248 No. 6. p. 373-379.
Recent studies by Miss M.S. Pearson, on the skull structure of the coelacanth, Latimeria, have revealed that it is a very ancient form, and mastodon series, in which the mastoid region of the periotic bone was completely enclosed by the squamosal and adjacent elements is a preamble to the modern mastoid series, in which the mastoid was well exposed on the outer side.
BIOGRAPHY: W.H.Flower and R.Lydekker, Mammals, Living and Extinct, A.H. Holder, London, 1891, with 357 figures.
W.E. Swinton, Biology and Comparative Anatomy, V 1, John Murray, London, 1954.
Robert Broom, Bull. Amer. Mus. Nat. Hist., vol 32 (1913) p. 549.
UNICORN, a fabulous beast, usually having the shape of a horse, the head of a lion, the hind legs of an antelope, the tail of a lion (sometimes hind legs only), sometimes the beard and the body of a goat, the legs, hoofs, and horn of a stag or bull, and occasionally spotted, striped, or of clashing colours. It is variously said to be found in India, China, and Africa. The earliest description is that of Ctesias (400 B.C.) who described it as having the body of a horse, the head of a stag, the feet of an elephant, and a horn in the middle of its forehead. The earliest description in the Revised Version of the Bible was translated in the Middle Ages to be a two-horned animal, which was possibly a reference to the rhinoceros. Some say that the unicorn was a one-horned horse, possibly descended from an ancestral rhinoceros, and that the Indian and the Tibetan "unicorn" were so-called as they were a one-horned animal resembling a horse, and there is also a one-horned horse and says that the Monoceros was sometimes called the Aethiopian Bull.
The medieval conception of the unicorn as possessing great virtues and powers may be traced back to the belief that it could detect and resist poison. This belief is recorded in the Revised Version of the Bible as "And the wild ox shall come down with them, and the unicorns with the young ones", when translated to the Middle Ages was believed to refer to the unicorn. This obviously refers to a two-horned animal, which is a reference to the rhinoceros. 
UNICORN PLANT (Proboscidea) a genus of plants of the tropical parts of the Western Hemisphere, chiefly Mexico and southward to British Honduras, cultivated for its abundant foliage, peculiar fruit and curious pod. It is a close relative of the martynia