The image contains a photograph of an AFSWY Major "Brushes Up" on his artistic talents. It shows the Major working on a painting, presumably of an alien landscape or scene. There is also another photograph of three men, identified as the Biometrics Chief, Experimental Statistician, and a PL Administrative officer. The image also contains a significant amount of text, which I will now transcribe using optical character recognition (OCR):

And AF Aid
to Academic Top
There is currently talk of an academic
program under which the Air Force service
will assist in advanced education leading to
the Ph. D. degree, This new Program is sini
lar to the doctors' program which was in
effect during World War II in that industry
would permit their doctor employees to
attend graduate schools at government expense.
At the present time the AF is hard pressed
to secure doctors, technicians, and other pro
fessional talent for its service so that the
proposed program appears to be a logical
solution.
Lt. colonel Robert J. Kauffmann, chief of
the program, indicates that the Air Force is
presently in the research planning stage of
this program. He believes that in time, perhaps
one year or more from now, the program will
be announced in detail and will become oper
ational. It is felt that this plan would help se
cure the services of recent Ph.D. graduates to
augment the present AF scientific talent.
Bie_trics Chief Named
For PL Assignment
advancement from the grade of cap
tain to major has been approved for
Captain Edmond M. Dantord, Ph.D., an
airforce research statistician who is chief
of the Biometrics Branch under the Air
Force office of Aerospace Medicine, Brooks
APR, Texas.
This promotion, in line with a new assign
ment, will place Danford in charge of all bio
metrics functions for the Air Force'a Payload
launch program at Patrick APR, Florida, Ac
cording to an announcement by Brigadier
General Osmond J. Ritland, Commander of
the Air Force Missile Development Center.
Danford's experience includes five years
of research in experimental statistics from the
Statistical Laboratories of the Ohio State
University. Here he worked on his Ph.D. which
he received in 1953. His work on the PL pro
gram is a follow-up of a previous assignment
of an aerospace medical nature.

Patrick Alman Has
Own Scholarship Plan
Patrick AYB recently announced the
establishment of a scholarship program
which is new and unique, This pro
gram, known as the "Patrick Plan," is
open to all high school seniors and is
aimed at the outstanding senior of each
high school in the United States.
Under this plan, one scholarship award,
valued at $1,000 per year, will be given each
year to the outstanding senior of each high
school in the nation. The award entitles the
recipient to four years of college education
at the school of his choice, majoring in any
of the aeronautical or scientific fields.
The purpose of the "Patrick Plan" is to
give the wards of this scholarship financial
aid in the furtherance of their education and
the advancement of an aeronautical and
scientific career. It is felt that this program
will do much to upgrade the quality of
students entering the AF and thus help with
the critical shortage of trained personnel.
In announcing the plan, it was pointed out
that recipients of the award, if they meet the
required qualifications, may be offered
immediate commissions in the Air Force.
There is a move on to increase the num
ber of scholarships under this plan.

AFSW Major "Brushes Up"
On His Artistic Talents
It seems that during his free time, AFSWC
Major Robert V. Bush, an electronics techni
cian, has been devoting a good deal of his
attention to the development of his artistic
talents which he hopes will lead to an avoca
tion. The major, who is assigned to duties at
AFSWC, White Sands Missile Range, N.M.,
has already demonstrated an impressive abili
ty as a painter.
This artistic talent, which he hopes will help
round out an otherwise technical career, is
being encouraged and developed by the AFSWC
command. Me sow holds art shows of his
work and has done portraits of fellow officers
as well as scenes of missile and rocket fir-
i11ga. Ris work shows an ability to capture in
oil the many and varied landscapes of the
New Mexico area.
The major took up painting only a couple
of years ago as a hobby, but his work has
already won high praise from art critics and
his fellow officers. The AFSWC command be
lieves that this type of avocational interest may
help to retain officers and airmen by providing
a means of relaxation and self-expression.

ASD Research Scientist
Earns Engineering PhD
Doctor Wayne E. Nelson, a research scientist
in the Aeronautical Systems Division's Aero Propulsion
Laboratory, has recently earned the degree of Doctor
of Philosophy in Mechanical Engineering from the
Ohio State University. 
Nelson joined the Air Force in 1954. After serving
a brief tour at Wright-Patterson, he was assigned to
the Air Propulsion Laboratory where he has been
conducting research and development work in ad-
vanced propulsion systems.
Completion of his doctorate, after many years of
part-time study, represents an important milestone
in Nelson's career as an ASD research scientist.
His dissertation was in the field of applied mechanics
dealing with problems in stress analysis of turbine
blades and other rotating components. This research
will be directly applicable to the development of
more efficient and reliable jet engines.
Nelson and his wife, Mary, and their two children
reside in Beavercreek, Ohio.