The provided image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, consisting entirely of text.

Text found in the document:

of outstanding living scientists who are explor-
ing new frontiers in various fields.
RECENT PROCEEDINGS: Ruggero Gerruci.
The Proceedings of the 1961 Laurentian Hor-
mone Conference. These Proceedings include
papers on hypophyseal hormones, corticosteroids,
steroid hormones, their bio-chemical, physiological,
and diagnostic aspects, and thyroid, parathyroid and steroid
hormones.
The Saccharomyces Ban or Saccharomyces En-
CEPALANS—Perry Moser—Dean, res. asst., &3
Ph. D., gives papers, 1952. Dealt mainly with basic
principles of yeast and virus research.
Basics, Vol. 2—Technical Education and Man-
agement Development. Papers on: transistors,
linear circuits and magnetic-core devices.
Soviet LABOR—V. Novikov, Collects articles and
statistics on labor force, etc.
Collection of Russian originals: V. V.
Sokolov, A.Ed., D.Sc. From Russian—Translated
by U. S. F. 148 p. Illus. $3.50. Collection of articles
covering the influence of the anatomy of the
human body on the structure and evolution of
vertebrates.
The Journal of NURSING Education—Susan G.
Horigan in Mathematics—Jeanne Bendick and
Maria L. Herstein (Mrs. J. L.)—p. 39. Illus.
—Bendick, $3.75. Introduces geometric concepts
to mathematics, without numbers, and to shapes,
lines, angles and letters.
INDUSTRIAL MANAGEMENT, P. Drucker, ed.
Harvard E. Rev.—Quar. $7.50. Professor Drucker,
Graduate School of Business, A. D. Baker 5.00.
Scientific & Technological Innovation on Indus-
trial Management. J. C. Finlay.
Technician—Milton S. Kiver-—Monthly Mazine—
complete, period to incorporate the important
changes in TV receivers and transmission.
Current Electric, Dynamo, 6th ed., 430 p. Illus-
—Ruel C. Churchill. Comprehensive handbook—
covers basic semiconductor theory and circuitry.
physical applications, circuits and specifications.
Uses of Dosimetry—Random House Science Series.
Hans P. Bloch, diag., paper, 5.95. Intended to
be a mathematician for high school student and
layman, on the concepts of thinking
and numbers without numbers.
Walter W. Bauer and Marshall Sung, Eds.—Reinhold, 559 p.,
$7.50. Essential data on polymeric materials having
the diverse properties of strength and flexibility,
common property of water solubility.
The WAYS of THE AIR—Annemarie Wilkinson—
Harr Wagner Pub—photographs, diagrams, 53.91.
Gives understanding of physical and scientific con-
cepts of the atmosphere and weather phenomena.
for the general reader.
Our A. V. Lebedinskiy, Ed. trans. from Rus-
sian, new journal by James S. Gibson—Collier,
230 p.. Illus. 7.50. Includes technical
papers as well as opinions of Soviet scientists.
Wescoscan: V. M. Wolonski—The United Sta-
tions Family of Nations—Graham Buckland, Har-
pers, rev., $3.75.