The document does not contain any photographs. The image shows a page from an old document, likely a Project Blue Book report, with text discussing various topics related to the USAF and study programs.

OCR Text Output:

One Of 22 
R & D Class
Adds to Up-East 'Hillbilly'
Fame On Florida Radio-TV
Herman Williams, known as "Coo Coo" on a Georgia-Florida radio and television program, is one of the 22 engineers selected for the R & D Class to attend the Industrial College of the Armed Forces.

"Coo Coo", whose real name is Herman Williams, is a native of Georgia and has been entertaining on radio and television for many years. Much of Bill's music is original, and he has played on the Arthur Godfrey shows.

Dan Gibson, of WSB-TV in Atlanta, Georgia, and Wilbur and Webbie, of WTVY in Dothan, Alabama, are in the eastern part of the U.S. where they frequently play with "Coo Coo" and the other entertainers.

A recent addition to "Coo Coo's" fame is his "Up-East Hillbilly" act which has been playing most of the state fairs in Georgia, Florida and Alabama this summer.

CCMR Employees Selected
For Industrial College
Selection of the 22 civilian employees to attend the Industrial College of the Armed Forces was announced at CCMR:

A. Schnabele, AFSC commander at CCMR, is commanding the CCMR command representative on the course after conferring with Lt Gen I.H. Hensley, Commandant of the Industrial College.

The course covers logistics, management, and procurement techniques. It is designed to train for higher executive and command positions with the Armed Forces and with industry. 

The 22 selectees will receive their regular government salaries while attending the 10-month course which begins this month.

Two At Edwards AFB
Achieve MS Degrees
In Off Duty Studies
Lieutenants Timothy H. Yonkin and Robert H. Jones completed research into their Master's degrees in Aeronautical Engineering and Mechanics, respectively, which they received at a recent graduation ceremony at the University of Southern California.

The two officers, both of whom are assigned as test pilots at Edwards AFB, California, received their degrees with the assistance of the USAF Off-Duty Education Program.

Lieutenant Yonkin received a degree as his first advanced degree. He is assigned to the 6511th Test Squadron at Edwards AFB where he is working on the F-104 fighter project.

Lieutenant Jones, who received his second advanced degree, is assigned to the 6510th Test Group at Edwards AFB where he is engaged in research and development work on the dynamics of fuels and propulsion systems.

Both officers attended USC under the USAF Off-Duty Education Program during their off-duty time while assigned to Edwards AFB. Lieutenant Jones received his bachelor's degree in Aeronautical Engineering in 1959 and was enrolled in the USC graduate program beginning in the fall of 1959, receiving his master's degree in January 1962. Lieutenant Yonkin received his bachelor's degree in Aeronautical Engineering in 1960 and began his master's degree program in 1960, receiving his degree in January 1962.

'Accent On People' Highlights

Study at Graduate Level: 24 highly qualified civilians have been selected to attend various study programs in leading universities under the CCMR management development program. The studies have been designed to provide civilian executives with the opportunity to gain knowledge and skills in management and decision making - essential to their future assignments and responsibilities.

Sponsor: The USAF sponsors the graduate education of these civilians under the CCMR management development program.

Program: The CCMR Officer Career Development Program is providing the opportunity for selected civilians to attend graduate-level studies for periods up to one academic year at leading universities under the CCMR's auspices.

Qualifications: Applicants must be CCMR employees, possess a bachelor's degree, and demonstrate the potential for greater management responsibility. Selection is highly competitive and based on merit.