There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 16 August 1962

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting. 

After the flying object was apparently motionless for about 10 minutes, it then resumed its hovering motion and after a few minutes was lost from sight. My intention was to watch the object as long as possible. It was too dark to take any photographs. At about 9:40 p.m. I first noticed the object hovering just above the horizon in an east-northeast direction. Several other persons had also seen the object and commented about it. The object was visible for approximately 15 to 20 minutes before finally disappearing from sight. Visibility was fairly good and the sky was quite clear. With the aid of binoculars, I was able to get a fairly good look at the object for a short period of time. It appeared to be saucer-shaped and about the size of a full moon. It had a solid, metallic-like appearance and was illuminated with a soft, blue-white glow. While hovering, the object appeared quite steady and motionless. It did not seem to reflect any light and gave the impression of being self-luminous. At no time did the object make any sound that I could hear. After the object had been in view for some time, it suddenly accelerated at a tremendous speed and disappeared from sight within a matter of a few seconds. I would say it traveled at least 10 to 15 times the speed of a jet aircraft. I was somewhat surprised and startled by the abrupt manner in which the object vanished. While I was watching the object, it remained at approximately the same elevation above the horizon and did not appear to change altitude. The object was lost from sight in the same direction it had first appeared, in an east-northeast direction. During the time I observed the object, there were no aircraft visible in the sky. The sky was quite clear and dark, except for the presence of the object I had been watching.