The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

well-like dust had poured down on Salto and was observed by several persons, this first happening on July 27, 1962 at about 8:30 p.m. It was described as a light dusting falling from the sky,
Plant at Sauce. Viejo (near Santa Fe, which is approximately 70 miles from Salto) a similar phenomenon was observed between July 29 and August 3 1962. This consisted of a greenish dust which fell to a height of about 1,600 meters and gave out flashes, some of which occurred before the fall, and after the fall, several times.
For these UFOs the witnesses, some schoolchildren in the town of Villa Tunyavan saw three UFOs pass overhead
On this occasion the objects were described as brightly illuminated, flying at a height of about 80 meters and emitting a silvery flashes.
On August 2 a similar phenomena was observed in Tordillo, a small town about 30 miles from Salto.
V.V.E. The witness, an engineer named Ticardo E., from Rosario, stated that on July 27, 1962 at about 8:30 p.m. he observed a luminous phenomenon which he described as a luminous object, circular in shape, approximately 8 meters in diameter, passing at high speed over Salto from northeast to southwest. It was visible for about 10 seconds. Two similar objects were observed about 15 minutes later, traveling in the same direction as they were. In addition there was light phenomenon apparently unconnected with the UFOs that was observed over Salto for several attempts, but in vain, to escape from it by accelerating and turning in different directions.
On August 2 various papers carried detailed accounts of a luminous object seen in the province of Buenos Aires, the object was described as being a luminous spherical body about 6 meters in diameter. From the information received, it appears that this was a luminous object drifting above at high speed, without any deviation from a straight course, and disappearing into the distance without making a sound.
On August 7 various papers carried a report stating that a citizen had claimed that he had been "attacked" by a luminous object while driving his truck at 1:45 a.m. from Olivos, suburb of Buenos Aires. The object, according to the report, approached the vehicle, surrounding it with a bluish light. The witness, alarmed, accelerated his vehicle to 80 km per hour, but the light was insufficient. Several attempts were made to escape from it, but without success. The luminous object continued to follow the vehicle until near Campana, when it suddenly and abruptly across country and vanished. Senior police officials mentioned the case to the local press and newspapers that such a craft could tangentially only be considered stellar.
On August 2 various papers carried detailed accounts of a luminous object seen in the province of Buenos Aires, the object was described as being a luminous spherical body about 6 meters in diameter.