ACCENT ON PEOPLE

Determination, Drive And AF Aid
Help BSD Officer To Academic Top

Climaxing a 20-year climb to academic pinnacle, Bllinge Systems Div., Lt. Col. Vincent J. Bracha recently received the degree of Doctor of Business Administration from the University of Southern California's graduate school of business administration.

The dark-haired, soft-spoken colonel was the only officer in the school's 1962 graduate "class of '62" to earn that distinction. He is the first AF officer ever to attain a doctorate from USC in the business administration field.

But most remarkable reached that scholastic pinnacle through a self-imposed program of rigorous night education.

In getting his "third degree," Colonel Bracha began a program begun in 1942 when he entered pilot training on the basis of just two years of high school education.

Since that time he has not only earned a high school diploma but has acquired a B.S and an MBA as well. He has also polished off a variety of service schools, Air Force Institute courses, and has carried out an impressive array of military assignments, including combat flying in World War II.

The colonel's growing accomplishment, however, is a family of three eager children on whom daddy's thirst for knowledge has made an indelible impression.

Some people sit back and dream about what Colonel Bracha says, "but they never take the first step. Once you've decided to go all your just keep going. Persistence becomes a habit."

Chief of the reliability branch of BSD's materiel and technical requirements office, Colonel Bracha began working on his Ph.D in 1958, immediately after his assignment to Los Angeles.

In less than four years he completed 80 credit hours of graduate work in business statistics, economics, industrial engineering and industrial management. His were a lengthy dissertation on "Analysis of Reliability Management in Defense Procurement" and on May 12 passed the final comprehensive examination.

nation certifying him for the degree. The 43-year-old officer is quick to admit that his Air Force service has made his extensive education possible.

"I've going to school some three years on a full time basis," he observes. "What industry would permit that?"

Colonel Bracha, who maintained high academic averages throughout his scholastic programs, says it is hard to identify the precise motivation behind his relentless pursuit of knowledge.

He started out wanting to be a medical doctor," he reflects. "Then I became interested in the sciences. Now I have degrees in management and accounting. I've gotten what I really wanted—the opportunity to read and to think and to excel in some field."

"If I had started out with a doctorate in mind," he adds thoughtfully, "I would have been overwhelmed by the immensity of the task. But the idea is to take first things first, to achieve one plateau before reaching for the next. I think that's the secret to any long-range goal."

[photograph: AFSWC artist Maj. Paul Rominger works on portrait of Sarge. Here he has just solved a officer, who was a World War Two prisoner of the AFSWC deputy chief of staff for class]

Biometrics Chief Named
For PL 313 Appointment

Advancement from the grade of GS-13 to an appointive position under Public Law 313 became effective recently for M. Bryan Danford, Ph.D., who heads the biometrics department of the biosystems research division, School of Aerospace Medicine, Brooks AFB.

The son of Mr. and Mrs. Fred Danford of Buffalo, Tex., Dr. Danford, 39, received an M.A. degree in mathematics from the University of Texas, Austin, in 1953. A former Navy lieutenant (junior grade), he obtained his Ph.D in experimental statistics from the Greater University of North Carolina, Raleigh and Chapel Hill, in 1954. His last year's work on his Ph.D. was carried out under a fellowship awarded to him by the National Science Foundation.

[photograph: Master Sergeant William D. Adams, retired from service officer at Patrick AFB, presents a $100 savings bond each year to the outstanding senior in his home town, Jonesville, N.C.]

Patrick Airman Has
Own Scholarship Plan

Master Sergeant William D. Adams of Patrick AFB recently presented, for the fourth time, the William D. Adams Family Honor Scholarship Award, which annually to the outstanding senior of the sergeants' hometown high school.

The award, a $100 savings bond, was accompanied by a certificate which reads: "Given this day, 26 June 1962, to Glenda Van Hoy for excellence in educational achievements." Miss Van Hoy was the 1962 winner.

Asked why he gives the award Sergeant Adams said, "I conceived this idea while on recruiting duty working closely with high school principals and students. Knowing that awards given in the Air Force make better airmen, I decided to start award competition in the high school."

Sergeant Adams is a strong believer in educating an adequate education. He is enrolled at Brevard Junior College studying electronics four nights a week. Starting next year he will present the award to the outstanding senior of the high school.

[photograph: Lieutenant Colonel Vincent J. Bracha reaches an academic pinnacle as his doctorate degree is officially conferred. He authored entered the military service some 20 years plus with less than a high school education.]

[photograph: At a recent HQ AFSC headquarters luncheon, Maj. Gen. Clyde H. Mitchell, AFSC vice commander, presents that organization an award equipped to enhance individual capabilities in real expression. After the luncheon, General Mitchell chats with Brig. Gen. William Oefti, the president, and Ed Stroms, presiding toastmaster.]