The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an archive of UFO reports and investigations conducted by the United States Air Force.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

HISTORY OF PROJECT

Following the Kenneth Arnold sighting on 24 June 1947, wide news coverage of public reports of "flying discs or unidentified flying objects" created sufficient concern among military echelons to authorize AMC to conduct a preliminary investigation into the reports. Earlier data were examined and indicated that U.S. Missile Monitors were concerned about configurations more advanced than those possessed by the United States Armed Forces. A letter, 23 September 1947, from the Commanding General of the Army Air Forces, expressed the opinion that the public accounts submitted in the reports to warrant a detailed study.

On 30 December 1947, a letter from the Chief of Staff directed AMC to..."get up a project whose purpose was to collect, collate, evaluate and distribute to interested Government Agencies and contractors all information concerning UFO sightings and phenomena in the atmosphere which can be considered to be of concern to the National Security..."

The Technical Intelligence Division of AMC issued TID AMC Technical Instruction No. 2152: 11 February 1949, and the project was inaugurated with a code name of "SIGN." The code name "SIGN" was changed to the code name "GRUDGE" on 16 December 1949. A report released in December 1949 covering analysis of the first 273 incidents concluded that, while no definite and conclusive evidence indicated that these objects were of interplanetary origin, the reports revealed the possibility of a psychological mechanism at work.

After the Project "SIGN" Report, work continued along the same lines and a Project "GRUDGE" Report was published and released in August 1949 by AMC. This report contained an analysis of 2,336 reports and concluded that Unidentified Flying Objects reports resulted from: a) misidentification of conventional Flying Objects, b) hoax and c) psychopathological illness. The report recommended that further investigation and study of this type of report be reduced in scope. Major portions of this work were performed under contract by Ohio State University.

Professor Hynek (Present Consultant to AF on Project Blue Book), The RAND Corporation, Dr. G. Valley, Dr. Paul Fitts, Air Weather Service, 3610th Electronic Section and the U.S. Weather Bureau.

Following investigation of the "GRUDGE" Report, the Air Force continued to investigate sightings, inasmuch as it is an Air Force responsibility to identify and analyze any phenomena that could possibly be a menace to the United States. Much of the Scientific and Technical work during 1950 and 1951 centered around Project "Twinkle" and the Green Fireball studies of Dr. LaPaz in the Southwestern United States. Project "Twinkle" Final Report was completed on 27 December 1951. During December 1951 Colonel Frank Dunn became director of Project Blue Book. This project continues the feasibility of a scientific study from the data collected since the program's inception. Thus, Project Blue Book's Special Report #14 came into being.