The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

Crash, Boom Over Utah 
Fireball Lights Skies In Ten States

The large trail or flash which flashed over Utah and surrounding states at approximately 8:15 p.m. on 18 April 1962 was so brilliant that it was observed the entire length of Utah from north to south. The object was traveling from east to west. All police radio stations in Utah were flooded with calls reporting the brilliant lighting system in Eureka, Utah. The object was traveling from east to west at an estimated speed of 3,000 to 4,000 miles per hour, and was observed to break into pieces about 10 miles south of the small town of Eureka. The pieces were seen to break off in the distance toward the west.

Several minutes later, or about one minute after the sighting, a loud explosion was heard in the distance, which observers said the light was "a dazzling white."

It was seen in Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Washington, California, Nevada, Texas, Arkansas, New Mexico and Colorado. Several witnesses in southwestern Utah said it passed over them about 35 miles northwest of Delta, also said they saw it break into pieces.

At least 15 to 20 calls confirming the report were received from police and civilians in Utah, Nevada, and Colorado.

Although the identity is definitely established, the exact origin is unknown. Some persons believe it may have been a piece of Russian space debris, other persons believe it was an American satellite. The debris from this apparently was scattered all over a wide area.

Air force officers from Hill AFB at Ogden, Utah, questioned eyewitnesses to the hills south of Eureka, Utah, who said it looked like a "shooting star" but much larger and brighter.

They said it was traveling west in "sort of jerks" and was estimated to be traveling several thousand miles an hour. It suddenly grew much brighter than day, and then continued on, looking like a "vapor trail." It was estimated it was 15 to 20 miles in the distance when it suddenly exploded with a loud noise. Some of the witnesses said they could see burning pieces trailing off in the distance.

Skilled observers in Nevada declared the object was not a missile or aircraft.

The thought occurs that this object must represent high altitude fluorescence from the most extreme point of daylight brightness. It so happened that the two sides receiving most of the illumination were Utah and Nevada, both test sites.