The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is an excerpt from a news letter that discusses the planet Venus becoming more prominent in the night sky during the month of April.

Text extracted from the document:

ASTRONOMY

Venus Becomes More Prominent

VENUS will be seen in the evening sky during the month of April and will increase in prominence during the spring, summer and autumn.

DURING MARCH Venus began to appear earlier in the evening sky and after sunset. The planet's brightness has been building up and it is now a conspicuous object in the western sky after sunset.

By the end of April it will remain visible for a longer time after sunset, and astronomers say that Venus will be easily seen, high in the southwestern sky, from April on into the summer.

This period when Venus is prominently seen is sometimes called the "season of Venus."

These data depict the planet as it appears about 1-1/2 hours after sunset. Venus is brightest when it crosses the sky midway between sunset and the middle of the night, just east of the meridian.

As the evening progresses, Venus rises higher in the sky and becomes less brilliant but remains a prominent object until it sets in the west, several hours after sundown.

Best seen are those first few weeks after sunset. The planet appears as a brilliant, steady, point of light high in the southwestern sky. Its light is very much brighter than that of stars around it.

For the rest of the spring, summer and autumn, Venus will continue to be a conspicuous feature in the evening sky.

Study is the South

If you want to get acquainted with the stars of spring, a good place to start is the southern sky, toward the Constellation of Aries, the Ram. At the right hand side of the southern horizon are the stars of Taurus, the Bull, and the striking V-shaped grouping known as the Hyades cluster.

Above these, and somewhat to the east, is the brilliant star Aldebaran, a fiery red star which marks the eye of the Bull. Directly overhead is the bright, familiar star group, the Pleiades, or Seven Sisters.

Extending from just west of the southern horizon, Orion, the great Hunter, is prominent and easily identified by the three bright stars in a row which mark his belt.

Another of the first magnitude, is Spica, which rises in the southeast. Along with brilliant Arcturus, a little to the north and east, these dominate the spring sky.

It is worthwhile to observe the southernconstellations on any clear nights through the spring, to become acquainted with them. They will be more favorably placed for viewing during the long summer evenings.