SPACE

Glenn Reports on Flight

THE BRILLIANT LIGHT from the "firefly" Astronaut John H. Glenn Jr. saw passing the windows of his space capsule was observed by more than 1,000 scientists at a symposium in Washington, D.C. On film, showing the astronaut in the capsule, close-ups revealed reflections of the burning chunks of retropack. It proved that the brilliant "fireflies" were chunks of the retropack burning as they fell away from the capsule. The astronaut's silver suit, his face, and instruments around him in the cabin were "coated over" with a bright orange glow every time a chunk went past the window. The mystery is generally fitted off as the retropack's burning rockets have been discarded. A fairly exhaustive had shown the retropack might hold a loose heatshield onto the astronaut and he was therefore concerned about the retropack, which might help hold a loose heatshield onto the capsule.

However, Astronaut Glenn was not informed about most of the flight, the viewing of the film showed. During the showing of the film, he said that he had not been particularly troubled. His updated "on each bit of information, rather than waiting for a final closeout recapitulation from the ground," as expected by technicians, such as the housekeeping retropack difficulty.

The astronaut also showed color slides he had taken with his 35 millimeter camera

from the capsule. The shots showed cloud formations over the earth very clearly. The U.S. Weather Bureau had asked observations to be included in the Mercury program to find if the height of clouds and the different kinds of cloud formations can be determined from the space capsule. The astronaut said the shadows on clouds, which appeared quite dark, would help to determine the height, and he reported observing various kinds of cloud formations.

The Weather Bureau is interested in improving the optical equipment of the Tiros and Nimbus weather satellites to determine the height of clouds. The astronaut said that from the information gathered on his flight it is quite possible to determine cloud heights from this altitude of from 97 to 199 miles.

His color slides revealed the white band of sunlight at the edge of the earth which is extremely bright at sunset. The bottom layer of the band becomes bright orange and fades into reds as the sun sets.

The band of white sunlight could be seen to fade and become narrower toward the horizon. There was also a band of sun light that was a deep-blue band and above that the black sky. The astronaut while looking along the horizon is visible for four to five minutes after sunset which he considers a long time since sunset occurs 15 times as fast as normal.

He told how dark shadows were cast on the earth during sunset and pointed out weather areas showing dark against the white light from the sun.

The astronaut took all the pictures of the sunset after passing into the night side of the earth. He was not close to the sun while above the atmosphere, but this would require a period of dark adaptation prior to sunset.

An eyepatch had been developed for this purpose. It was to be held in place by a tape which unfortunately did not work. The plan had been for the astronaut to use the eye without patch while still in the daylight and to look with the dark-adapted eye after he passed into the dark zone.

If the eyepatch had been developed for use on the next trip, the astronaut may get valuable information for studying clouds close to the sun just as it passes below the horizon. It is also possible that one of the future astronauts in the two-man Gemini capsule could use a mask such as is used by pilots of high-flying aircraft to become dark adapted, which takes seven to ten minutes in a darkened room is dependent on the vitamin-A content in the eye and the general health of the person.

* Science News Letter, 21-27 April 21, 1962