The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Flushing 26, New York
April 20, 1962

National Space Administration
Education Department
Washington 25, D.C.

Gentlemen:

Perhaps you can clear up a "mystery" of something in the sky which has been puzzling me since I have witnessed it. It appears to be some kind of a "satellite" but it is not like any that I have seen before. This object appears to have been in sight for over an hour & had passed beyond the horizon. Since it always appears in the same place in the sky, evening after evening, I can only conclude that it is some kind of a "satellite" which is visible to the naked eye. 

The object appears over the horizon from due West about 7:15 P.M. E.S.T., and it appears to be perhaps 30 degrees above the horizon. It maintains a straight course, never deviating, and disappears from sight below the horizon, some 15 or 20 minutes later. It never increases or decreases in speed and shows no flashing lights or anything to indicate a plane or aircraft. The object appears to be a steady, fixed light, and is similar to the light of a star, but much brighter. This object appears every evening, without fail, at about the same time and in the same location.

I would very much appreciate it if you could furnish me with any information you may have regarding this object, and whether or not it is some kind of a satellite which is visible to the naked eye. I am quite puzzled about this phenomenon, and would be grateful for any enlightenment you can give me on the subject.

The following is, to the best of my knowledge, a description of the object: 
It can be seen for a period of some 15 or 20 minutes, and gives the impression of being a large saucer-shaped object (but I am not at all certain of this). Upon examination with a pair of binoculars it appears to be "lit up" or illuminated from within (similar to neon lighting or an internal phosphorescent glow or the atmosphere?).
The location of the object on the map is as follows: Assuming that Flushing is North and South, and that Prospect Park is to the West, this object appears from due West, about 30 degrees above the horizon, and travels in a straight line toward the East (until it disappears below the horizon).

It is believed it probably is some air force craft but since it always appears at the same time and always follows the same course, we thought you might be able to identify it. 

P.S. Now that it is Eastern Daylight Saving Time it appears an hour later.