There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old project Blue Book document that discusses industrial noise, radioactive waste, and the effects of ionizing radiation on living organisms.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
THE FIELDS
MEDICINE
Industrial Noise- No Cause for Illness
From the standpoint of hearing conservation, industrial noise does not require any special treatment. There is no evidence that noise produces any problem with health, unless it causes hearing loss. Exposure to continuous high energy noise can produce temporary or permanent hearing impairment depending upon the intensity and frequency of the noise and the duration of exposure. However, the levels of industrial noise are not ordinarily sufficient to produce any general effect upon the body other than that of hearing that can be lost without serious impairment of health.
SPACE RADIATION More
Than Previous Estimate
The AMOUNT of sperm, fat and other tissue in the body of astronauts present a much greater hazard from cosmic radiation than previously estimated, according to a report from the National Symposium on the Effects of Ionizing Radiation on the Reproductive System. Radiobiologists have concentrated their research on the effects of radiation on the testes, but it appears that other tissues and organs are more vulnerable to damage by cosmic radiation than the testes.
Scientists in their report stated that the metabolic activity and lower uptake was found to give a lower susceptibility to radiation damage in the testes of animals than in other organs. The injury to other tissues and organs of the animals was associated with a larger uptake.
STERILIZER By-Product
From Ocean Water
A NEW SOURCE of fertilizer will be found in the minerals extracted when sea water is converted to drinking water. The by-product of this desalinization process will contain nitrogen and magnesium (essential for plant growth) and has been found to be more effective as a fertilizer than commercial fertilizers made from other materials. Other uses of this by-product material may be developed.
Dr. Stierley is discussing these new additions to the sea water distillation process in a paper he presented on October 27, 1962.

ELECTRICITY IN ICE
CRYSTALS CAUSES LIGHTNING
LIGHTNING can be blamed on the electrical activity in ice crystals, water drops and hailstones, L. L. Jones, an atmospheric physicist at General Electric Company, found.
In wind tunnel experiments, ice crystals under certain conditions have been observed to build up electrical charges, he states. The electrical activity and the transfer of current between the crystals causes the lightning flash.
The negative charges are concentrated in the lower, warmer regions of the storm clouds. The positive charges are in the upper, colder regions. The transfer of these opposite charges through the cloud causes the lightning. He believes this knowledge may help in understanding the details of lightning formation and possibly lead to methods of lightning control.