The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a STAFF SUMMARY SHEET document related to a Congressional Correspondence on the U.S. Air Force Congressman Carl Vinson's UFO program.

The text found in the document is as follows:

TO TDG ROUTE 1 DESIRED ACTION Signature DATE 18 July 1963

TDE GRADE SURNAME PHONE Col de Jongheere 72111

SUBJECT Congressional Correspondence on the U.S. Air Force Congressman Carl Vinson's UFO Program

SUMMARY
1. Congressional Correspondence on UFO's received by this Deputy is routine; however, I believe that this letter to AFNIN from Congressman Vinson requires your personal attention since it suggests the possibility of a Congressional hearing.

2. There have been two Congressionals briefings on the program, one in the summer of 1958 and the other in the summer of 1960. During the summer of 1961, we were successful in preventing a hearing by recommending to Chairman Overton Brooks that there be no hearings.

3. Earlier this year an article on unidentified flying objects was prepared for the Encyclopedia Britannica. Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University, Consultant to our UFO program, and Lt Col Friend of SAFSG indicated that Mr. Hynek had made many suggestions and that the Encyclopedia Britannica should be corrected by Dr. Hynek or another member of the house, lest the article be attached to the letter to Mr. Vinson.

4. If you approve my proposed reply to Congressman Vinson, I will send information copies to SAFSL and AFSC (GCFA).

5. The background section of this folder contains the following: a. AFDIN letter to FTD b. Copies of the documents which established the UFO project c. Documents related to Mr. Hines' visit to FTD d. Congressman Karth's letter to Major Keyhoe e. UFO article which will appear in Encyclopedia Britannica

6. If you desire any further information, Lt Col Friend and I will be available.

Do not forward to Command Section until this block has been signed and dated by the appropriate OFL. This block, when signed, is to require completed coordination and that the CPS-15 waiver of correspondence, non-concurrence and other distribution is difference of why the non-concurrence should be overridden.

Signature  Date 21 July 1963

AFSC FORM 149 PREVIOUS EDITION OF THIS FORM MAY BE USED