There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a science news letter for December 23, 1961, discussing the visible winter stars in the sky.

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for December 23, 1961
ASTRONOMY
Brilliant Winter Stars Visible
The brilliant winter constellation Orion, shines in the southern sky on evenings during January. James Stokley reports.
WITH THE APPEARANCE of the constellation Orion and the brilliant neighbors such as Sirius, the dog star, and Aldebaran, the eye-catcher in the northwest, the sky-eye planets will hardly be noticed.
As the evening of January draws on, the stars of this winter constellation will be low in the sky, soon after sunset. It goes below the horizon long before the time for which the astronomers list the best time for observations.
On any night from about 6 to 10 p.m., your own kind of standard time, on Sirius' Days, the bright stars in Orion and some of the neighbors will be visible-and the Southern Cross, low in the southern sky.
Above Sirius, and a little farther east, you can see the bright star Rigel. To the left of Rigel, the dog star, is Canis Major, the great dog. Turning more to the left, there is Lepus, the hare, one of the smallest of the U.S. (except of course, for the sun).
Two stars, called Castor and Pollux, shine brightly in the Gemini, the Twins, just west of the meridian.
Above Sirius, and a little farther east, is Rigel, one of the brightest stars in the sky. Near it is the familiar figure of the great dipper, likened to a ladle, which so many people know about.
Following their line to the left leads to Polaris, the star so well known as the guide to the North Star, and next comes Ursa Major, the great bear, while the pole star, Ursa Minor, the little bear, is farther west.
About midway in the sky, in a constellation in which there is a famous variable star, Algol, Every few days it drops in brightness from the second to the fourth magnitude, and its variations and those of other similiar stars are studied by astronomers.
The other bright star in Orion, Betelgeuse, has a distinct red color, orangery red. As the year goes on, it tends to become still more remarkable in this respect.
Rigel is Dimmed
One of the brightest stars in Orion, the lower is Rigel, is still somewhat dimmed because of absorption, like Aldebaran, higher and somewhat red in color, is the other. Between them shines Bellatrix, which is not far from Betelgeuse on the other shoulder of Orion. That is the way the old star watchers saw him, as a great warrior. That is the way the star-casters of ancient times pictured him-a mighty hunter striding across the sky.
They depicted Orion with an upraised club, descending downward from a charging bull. This animal is represented in the sky by the near-door constellation of Taurus, the little higher up, by the small group of stars that form the little dipper handle.
In it is the red star Aldebaran, which is one of the bull's eyes.
Canis Major, Orion's two dogs: the other is Canis Minor, the lesser. They are bright in the sky, one on either side of Orion, a little lower down.
The line leading downward from Orion's three belt stars, called "The Three Kings," leads the eye to Rigel, brightest of Orion's three prominent stars, and the twins "with Castor and Pollux," just west of the meridian.

SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS