The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed or printed document with rows of text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract all the text found in the document:

Page 6
CASE NO. 8685730
KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI, 8 JULY 1962
On 8 July 1962, a letter was received from Mr. James L. Wilson, Midtown Station, Kansas City, Missouri, stating that on 5 July 1962, at approximately 10:30 p.m., he and his wife and daughter observed an unidentified flying object in the sky.

The object was described as being round or oval in shape, yellow-orange in color, and seemed to be giving off a bright glow. It was observed for approximately 20 minutes and appeared to be moving in an erratic manner, hovering at times, and making abrupt changes in direction.

No sound was heard, and the object was not observed through binoculars or telescopes. The night was clear and the object was observed in the southwest portion of the sky.

The letter from Mr. Wilson was referred to this office for investigation and evaluation. A member of this office contacted Mr. Wilson by telephone on 14 July 1962, and obtained additional details concerning the sighting.

Mr. Wilson stated that he, his wife, and 10-year-old daughter were sitting on their back patio when they first observed the object in the southwest sky. He stated that the object appeared to be approximately 1,000 feet in altitude and about 1 mile distant. He described the object as being round or oval in shape, yellow-orange in color, and seemingly giving off a bright glow. He stated that the object remained in view for approximately 20 minutes, during which time it appeared to make abrupt changes in direction and to hover at times.

Mr. Wilson stated that no sound was heard, and that the object was not observed through binoculars or telescopes. He stated that the night was clear and that the object was observed in the southwest portion of the sky.

The details of this sighting have been recorded and will be included in the files of Project Blue Book.