62                        THE READER'S DIGEST                        May

jettisoned after the rockets them-     with Glenn. At the same time, other
selves had been fired. But the packet  instruments tracking the capsule
itself was bound to the capsule by     stopped registering. The blackout
nylon metal bands. Williams fig-       was predictable, caused by ioniza-
ured that the bands might be strong    tion from the heat of re-entry. It
enough to hold the shield to the cap-  lasted for seven minutes and 45 sec-
sule during the descent. He knew       onds. Then came John Glenn's ex-
that the heat would eventually burn    ultant voice. "Boy!" he cried. "That
away the straps, but he hoped that     was a real fireball!"
by that time the air resistance would      Glenn had made it; he had suc-
be dense enough to hold the shield     cessfully re-entered the earth's at-
in place.                              mosphere. As it turned out, the heat
    Life or Death. Glenn took the      shield had been in place all along;
news of the deadly threat with char-   a monitor in the capsule had been
acteristic calmness. He made the       flashing a misleading signal to the
adjustments necessary to keep the      ground. But John Glenn could not
retro rocket packet in place, hand-    be certain that he was safe until he
flew his capsule into proper attitude  saw the parachute which would low-
for descent—and braced himself.        er his capsule gently into the Atlan-
Timed by a pre-set mechanism in        tic ocean. Said he the next day,
the capsule, the braking rockets fired "That's probably the prettiest of
in sequence. Friendship 7 shud-        sight you ever saw in your life."
dered. "It feels like I'm going clear      At 2:43 p.m. Friendship 7 splashed
back to Hawaii," Glenn radioed. He     into the Atlantic with a sizzle as the
could feel his body beginning to be    red-hot shield turned the sea water
squeezed by the bull'up of G forces.   to steam. Surging ahead at flank
    Outside the window he could see    speed, the destroyer Noa began to
a fiery glow. "It became apparent     race helicopters from the carrier
that something was tearing up the      Randolph to the scene. The Noa
heat shield end of the capsule,"       won, plucked the capsule out of the
Glenn said later. "There were large    ocean at 3:01. Across the United
pieces somewhere from as big as the    States, the millions of television
end of your finger to seven or eight   watchers sagged with relief.
inches in diameter coming past the         Shirt Sleeves and Overalls. John
window. You could see the fire and     Glenn seemed almost destined for
the glow from them—big flaming         this day of triumph. As a test pilot
chunks."*                              and a combat flier with 149 mis-
    On the ground, Astronaut Alan      sions in World War II and Korea
Shepard, the capsule communicator      (he holds five Distinguished Flying
at Cape Canaveral, lost radio contact  Crosses and an Air Medal with 18
                                       clusters), he had lived with super-
*The "chunks" were disintegrating frag-   sonic speed and the constant pos-
ments of the retroocket packet.