Building Best Enlisted Leadership
is Role of Senior NCO Academy

Since 1955, more than 4,000 non-commissioned officers have graduated from the Air Force Systems Command's School NCO Academy at Kirtland AFB in Albuquerque, N. M. Academy and military training are combined at the academy in a hard-hitting program designed to equip non-commissioned leaders to handle their Air Force responsibilities at a time in history when demands on leadership, moral responsibility and military know-how are the greatest of all time. More than seven years ago, the Air Force recognized the need for further professional training for NCOs. Such training long had been unavailable to commissioned officers through such Air University programs as the Squadron Officers School, Air Command and Staff School, and the Air War College. But for NCOs, there was little opportunity beyond basic training to receive advanced instruction in military leadership.

With the dawn of the ballistic missile age and space age, it became apparent that the Air Force was going to need the very best, most skilled men with the very best training.

The USAF authorized academy training for NCOs, with the scope and nature of courses to be determined by major commands. In late 1954, the commander of Kirtland AFB was the Air Research and Development Command authorized establishment of a Senior NCO Academy for the science, engineering and testing arm of the Air Force. Kirtland was selected as the academy site because of the base's central location and availability of adequate dormitory and classroom facilities.

The first class of 62 master sergeants entered training in January, 1955. They were the first of more than 4,000 men who have come, not only from the Systems Command, but from the Air Force Academy, Air Defense Command, Headquarters Command, Continental Air Command, Air Force Communications Service and even the Army.

Today the academy graduates eight classes, or 600 men a year. Courses are six weeks long.

Basic concept of the academy is that the noncom needs professional skill, not only in technical fields but in leadership. He must have a strong sense of moral responsibility, pride in the service, and concern for the welfare of his colleagues and subordinates.

Six weeks at the academy are no vacation. There's hard work and lots of it. A military atmosphere prevails throughout the course. Academy instructors say this is vital to stimulate observation of proper military rules of conduct. Emphasis is placed on correct military dress, appearance and bearing. There is instruction in drill and ceremonies. Air Force customs, traditions and protocol.

Other outstanding graduates receive achievement certificates. Each graduate receives a distinctive diploma, symbol of achievement through diligent individual application to a demanding course of study.

A student's work day begins at 5:15 in the morning. Until 6 p.m. he is in the evening, he is busy with drill, academic instruction and sports. Evening study hours are from 6:30 to 9:30. Students have to be in quarters at 11:30 each night except Sundays and evenings preceding academy recognized holidays. Saturday begins at 5:15, but students normally are free from duty by noon. Sunday is the day off.

The academy is staffed by two officers, 15 enlisted commissioned officer instructors, and five airmen who work in supply, administration and in the audio visual program, and two civilian secretaries.

Commandant is Lt. Col. John S. Albright, who holds a BS degree from the University of Maryland, and MA degrees from Maryland and Denver Universities.

[Caption under upper photograph:]
Pointing out a trouble spot during a world affairs class is SMSgt. Joseph H. Corbia. Students are (from left) TSgt. Johnny C. Schultz, Air Proving Ground Center; TSgt. Jakey H. Windham, Air Force Missile Development Center; and SMSgt. Howard J. McElberry, APGC.

The academy's program includes instruction in command history and organization, world affairs, and collective security.

The work's hardest at the academy, but the thing's good. Students enjoy the best possible accommodations. Quarters are in a modern two story, air conditioned building. Two men occupy each room equipped with steel wall bookshelves, study desk, lamp, chairs, two chests of drawers, a locker, and three-quarter beds with interspersing mattresses. Automatic washing machines, driers, irons, ironing boards, tape recorders and typewriters are available for student use. A library containing books and periodicals covering all subjects taught at the academy is located in the dormitory, along with a study room.

Physical fitness is an important part of academy life. Each student is expected to participate in the sports program which consists of volleyball, horseshoes and softball. Swimming is optional in the summer months.

A major theme at the academy is competition. Competition between the three student flights is carried out in sports, inspections, parades, reviews and in academic areas, and is topped off at the end of each six-week course at the graduation banquet, when awards and honors are announced.

One flight is designated the honor flight. Its achievement is engraved on a plaque permanently displayed in the dayroom.

Individual awards are the Honor Graduate Award, presented on the basis of academic grades and military merit; the Academic Award, presented to the student other than the honor graduate with the highest average in academic subjects alone; and the Commandant's Award for the honor and other than the honor graduate with the highest level of military merit and demonstrated leadership qualities.

[Caption under lower photograph:]
It isn't all work. On the afternoon coffee break, Tsgt. Danny L. Johnson of Hq Sq of DIA's second front right, talk things over. Lt. Col. John S. Albright (center) and SMSgt.

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962