There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text from the document, as produced by an OCR system:

Includes a good evaluation of the data in his report. Experiences gathered from the investigation are new and significant, and should receive careful study by anyone who an investigator should consider.

1. Witness indicates that the object was in view only a second or so, but the observer, as the investigator points out, had the capacity of estimating time accurately.

2. The witness reports spend many times that of sound, but reports that the object was in view only momentarily, as the distance was far too remote for any accurate listening.

3. Many witnesses report that the object was viewed in a specific direction. The investigator should familiarize himself with the area, have measurements made, and determine the direction for himself.

4. The difficulty of the angles to be determined should be a warning. More people tend to overestimate angles, measured from the horizon, as to what he thinks is 45 degrees elevation.

5. Some witnesses may be either blind and others may have some mechanical or visual defect.

6. Many witnesses are under some type of mental stress prior to experiencing sightings of UFO's. Careful interrogation will be required to determine the effect, if any, that the stress had on the witnessing.

7. Many witnesses have special qualifications, which should be checked. If the witness is scientifically trained, it is probably better to let him recount his observations, not cross-examine him against his recollections.

There are many more things which can be brought out regarding investigation techniques, but these mentioned above should receive careful study by anyone conducting investigations. Those incidents which do contain evidence need the most attention because of their importance. Lack of confidence in the witness should not be allowed to limit investigation because of the flourishes put on it by an over-imaginative witness.

Many of the incidents which occur each year and are reported as UFO's are observed by scientists in the areas in which the incidents occur.