Research Pilot School At Edwards AF3

Grooms Students For Top Space Roles

Two large glass doors opening into a reception building labeled with the words, "United States Air Force Aerospace Research Pilot School" are the USAF gateway to space.

At the Air Force Systems Command Air Force Flight Test Center, Edwards AFB, selected test pilots are training to fly aircraft with tomorrow's aerospace craft.

The school offers two courses. One is the Experimental Test Pilot Course, which has been taught at Edwards for several years. The second, the Aerospace Research Pilot Course, goes one step beyond this. Its seven months of training presents the most advanced technological training ever offered by the Air Force, and is probably the most advanced and exciting aviation school in the world.

"What we are doing," Lt. Col. Robert M. Howe, school commandant, said, "is preparing pilots and project officers for this nation's future manned space programs. Some of our future graduates will undoubtedly fly in space and many will be still testing future aerospace vehicles. Some will be assimilated into the many aspects of project management for extreme altitude flight."

Applicants for the advanced course must be graduates of the Air Force's Experimental Test Pilot Course or the US Navy or Royal Air Force test pilot school. They must be on active duty in the grade of lieutenant colonel or below and currently on flying status as a pilot. A minimum of 2,000 hours flying time and a degree or equivalent in engineering, a physical science, or mathematics is required.

"Instruction is divided into four phases," Col. Howe said. "These are academic lectures, flying simulation, and biomechanics. The academic phase is conducted by military and civilian instructors who advanced degrees. Flying training is conducted in advanced aircraft some of which will be modified to exhibit ballistic control, re-entry, and variable stability characteristics.

"For those aspects of future space flight which cannot be demonstrated in present day aircraft, we have added the simulation phase where electronic flight simulators will approximate space conditions for the student.

"Biomechanics training will be conducted at the School of Aerospace Medicine. There the student will be familiarized with the physiological implications of flight in upper atmosphere and space, and related biomedical techniques.

"Finally, field trips will provide the student an opportunity to familiarize himself with allied space work being done by the military, US industry, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration."

The academic program includes math and engineering review, and studies of celestial navigation, computers, the aerospace environment, biomechanics, flight mechanics, heating and aerodynamic theory, guidance and control, communications, instrumentation, propulsion, vehicle systems, and project management.

"Flight training is designed to demonstrate the principles presented in the classroom as well as to maintain the flying proficiency of students.

Various aspects of space vehicle flight that cannot be easily or economically demonstrated in flight are simulated. Students undergo extensive simulator training both at the school and at locations away from the school.

The Aerospace Research Pilot Course is founded out with a program of field trips and temporary duty away from the school. Various organizations, agencies and contractor facilities are visited.

Deceleration Symposium

A retardation and recovery symposium is being held to exploit research in the field of aerodynamic decelerators will be conducted by the Aeronautical Systems Division Nov. 13 and 14.

Sponsored by ASD's Flight Accessories Laboratory, it will be held at the Imperial Hotel, Dayton, Ohio, for government, industry and university researchers.

Reservations may be made by writing to the Aeronautical Systems Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, attention Flight Accessories Laboratory (ASRM-FD-2).

The symposium will feature some 15 presentations and discussions.

The laboratory's retardation and recovery branch will be host for the meeting. George Soli is branch chief; Captain Anthony W. Gerzina is symposium project officer.

Many Air Force Academy cadets have been at various AFSC installations in recent weeks in a training program for the Aeronautical System. The future officers are getting their first fast-hand look at work being done at Wright-Patterson AFB last month.

Blonde Wendy Capps, 16-year-old Desert High School senior, was recently selected from 10 contestants to reign as Miss Edwards AFB of 1962. The 5'7" beauty will be 17 in August and will with some 10 other area community queens for the Miss Antelope Valley title. The winner will rule over the annual Antelope Valley, Calif., Fair and Alfalfa Festival. Wendy's father, Maj. Robert S. Capps, is assigned to the Air Force Flight Test Center Headquarters.

Fifteen years ago, Col. Charles E. "Chuck" Yeager became the first man in the world to fly faster than the speed of sound. William I. Rogers, Aerodynamics Division look over that center's newest wind tunnel, above 2½ times the speed of sound.

[Photo captions and images present as described in original document]