NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY                                10 OCT 62


THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN

The A.P.R.O. Bulletin is the official copyrighted publication of the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (A.P.R.O.), 4145 E. Desert Place, Tucson, Arizona, an issued every other month to members only. The Aerial Phenomena Research Organization is a non-profit group dedicated to the eventual solution of the mystery of the unidentified objects which have been present in the skies for hundreds of years. Inquiries regarding membership may be made to the above address.

TUCSON, ARIZONA — NOVEMBER, 1962


GLOWING LIGHTS INVADE HOME

On Pampas Drive, which connects with Spring Park Road, an unidentified woman (by request) said a formerly "glow" moved through her house, out through the from near and along Pampas Drive. She said it was about a half a block long, and brilliantly illuminated a car and other objects in the vicinity. She said that as the glow moved through the house, it enveloped her, it made tangled "as if it had gone to sleep" and her children screamed through fear.

Mrs. Gladys Faucette of Cascade Road, the street from which Mrs. Bakers' fireball seemed to come, said she saw a glow descend to within 3 feet of the ground between her home and the adjacent house. She said the form was too vague to be described as ball-shaped, but she called it a "terribly big brilliance." She said the circuit which carries electricity to her bathroom and bedroom was knocked out about this time, and was still out the next morning.

On the 10th of October, residents on Spring Park Road, Jacksonville, Florida, observed strange small fireballs which had fuzzy outlines and stole silently around and among houses on that street. House lights dimmed and some went out entirely as the phenomena occurred. Mrs J. P. Baker said she was in her upstairs bedroom at twilight when her husband told her he had seen a ball of fire moving through a field behind the house. Mrs. Baker looked out her bedroom window and saw a "round ball, big as a No. 2 wash tub" which was pinkish in color and so brilliant it almost blinded her. She said it hovered outside her kitchen window apparently less than 6 feet away. Then it floated around the corner of the house and cross Spring Park Road. Harold Whitehead of Browning Fuel Oil Co. on Spring Park Road said he and two others saw a fireball gliding along a utility wire a block south on the oil company. "It was the size of a washtub, a blinding, whitish ball of fire. I watched it about five seconds. It moved about 10 or 20 feet during that time, then went out with a big 'pop.' Our lights were dim for about a half hour after," Whitehead reported.