MANAGEMENT

Second AF Symposium On Bionics
To Be Held In Dayton Next Year

A second Air Force-sponsored sym-
posium on bionics will be held in Day-
ton, Ohio, May 19-21, 1965.

Sponsored jointly by AFSC's
Aero-Medical Division and the Aero-
space Medical Division, the three-
day meeting is expected to attract more
than 1,500 scientists, engineers
from government, industry, research
foundations and universities from
throughout the United States and
Western Europe.

More than 50 researchers will discuss
and exchange ideas on new science and
the first ASD-sponsored symposium
held in Dayton during 1963, the
a new area of interdisciplinary re-
search in biology—the reciprocal
knowledge of biological functions and
systems to the solving of engineering
problems. This knowledge derived from
future programs is expected to provide
mathematical transfer functions for use
in processing and modeling functions of
living systems.

Understanding of these biological
functions is expected to hasten tech-

nological advancements—both for mili-
tary defense and the welfare of man in
general. Major emphasis, at present, is
on information handling, such as acqui-
sition, processing, storage and utili-
zation of data.

The Air Force called the first sym-
posium to determine where the science
stood in regard to bionics programs.
The upcoming meeting will focus on
more specific topics.

Theme of the 1965 symposium will be
"Information Processing by Living
Organisms" and "Biological Machines." This will feature concepts and the struc-
turing will encompass various
various levels of information processing
ranging from biological and physical
systems to the application of these
principles and mechanisms to man's
problems.

Invited papers will be presented at
four technical sessions. Topics for
technical sessions will be "Signal Recep-
tion of Living Organisms;" "Informa-
tion Processing by Living Organisms;"
"Physical Principles of Bionics;" and
"Application of Bionic Concepts." Con-
tributed papers also will be presented
in the general area of bionics.

Dr. John E. Reto, chief scientist for
ASD, will be symposium director. Col.
Andres J. Karloton, Aerospace Medical
Research Laboratories commander, will
be chairman and Lt. Col. Leonard M.
Butsch, Jr., chief of Electronic Tech-
nology Laboratory's bionics and com-
puter branch will act as his deputy.

Dr. Hans Oestereicher, Aerospace
Medical Research Laboratories, and
Colonel Butsch are co-chairmen of the
technical committee.

Registration at the Biltmore Hotel in
Dayton is scheduled for Monday after-
noon, March 15.

Persons interested in attending the
symposium may contact Commander,
Aeronautical Systems Division, Attn:
ASRNEB-1, Lt. Col. L. M. Butsch, Jr.,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

AFGc Closes An Era
With Last QF-80 Flight

An era ended at Air Proving Ground
Center recently with the last QF-80
"mule" mission flown over the
Eglin Gulf Test Range, according to
Lt. Col. Anburn M. Blackwell, 320th
Drone Sq. commander.

The 331st and final QF-80 drone
mission was flown with Capt. Ralph W.
Haymaker piloting the 1-33 control air-
craft and Capt. Owen C. Davis, Jr.,
controlling the QF-80 from the front
seat.

The drone was retrieved and returned
to Eglin by the team of Capt. Hay-
maker and Davis, while a second T-33
was used in escort.

The QF-80 era began April 8, 1951
when a QF-33 flew in Operation Ocean-
Ancus on atomic test in the Pacific.
(The 1-33 is a trainer version of the
F-80 Shooting Star.)

During the last nine years, QF-80's have
been flown by three Air Forces drone
Flight's onetime 320th Drone Group.

[Photograph: Man in military cap and uniform - New AFSC deputy chief of staff for plans, Maj. Gen. W. B. Keese was recently assigned to this position effective Aug. 1. He replaces Maj. Gen. James F. Whitehead who has been assigned as new position effective at Hq USAF.]

[Photograph: Man in military cap and uniform - Brigadier General Allman T. Culbert-son, Aeronautical Systems Division commander, is being reassigned to Air Force Institute of Technology where he will assume duty as deputy commander on August 15. Going to WPAFB from General Culbertson will be his wife, the former Anne Spallum of Peterson, Kans., and their two sons Eugene and Robert.]

[Photograph: Man in military cap and uniform - Dr. Ch. [illegible], pointed to announce O. Vane 'Bernier' years in his technical six mon Importa an era c [illegible section] His [illegible] nautical cash av MS.; J Wort Serge award c mote c handle gestion to any the obj rector An a Sargean relocate power s his of e adopti Serr 55 for ting ha high [illegible]]