There is no photograph present in the image you provided. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing text but no visual imagery.

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY
26 Oct 62
Colorado

Variety Of Objects
In Colorado

(continued from page 1)
Mrs. Shoap stated that she and her husband observed some unidentified flying objects moving quite close together and slowly over their home near Kettering, Ohio, in the San Luis Valley in Colorado. Mrs. Shoap called in several of her neighbors who also observed the objects.

On the same morning at 7:30 a.m., Mrs. Elinne Shoap gave further details. She said that she and her husband were outside their home, saw the objects weaving back and forth over the mountains and disappearing and reappearing. She said there were about 10 objects and they appeared to be reflecting sunlight. The objects at times would disappear entirely for 10 minutes, reappear, and then disappear again.

Late on the nights of the 26th and 27th, radar operators at Pueblo, Colorado State Patrol headquarters reported picking up small targets, but no visual confirmation was made.

Following are some of the sightings which have been reported in Colorado:

An aircraft sighting was reported at 8:20 p.m. over Ellicott. The witnesses saw a bright light descending on the northeastern side of Pikes Peak. It descended to about 5,000 feet and then leveled off, appearing to hover over the area. The witness reported hearing a faint humming noise. The object finally disappeared.

On the 26th, Mrs. Vera Rogers spotted two unidentified objects coming down over the mountains southwest of Sedalia. She watched them for nearly an hour. They appeared to be very bright, like-like appendages. They disappeared from view at about 7:20 p.m. 

Three hours later, at 10:30, an object was seen descending in the area of the Eckert, Colorado home of Mr. and Mrs. Cib Williams. The object appeared over the trees and seemed to hover briefly before going out of sight. Mr. and Mrs. Williams were the witnesses.

THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN  | JANUARY, 1963