[stamp: DECLASSIFIED]

OF THE FREQUENTLY UNIDENTIFIABLE OBJECTS
OBSERVED ON RADAR AT EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA. FULL TEXT OF AVAILABLE LYNX MAY 27 PUBLIC INFORMATION OFFICER EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA

The contents of this cahle must have been simultaneously received at home on May 21
the Daito (Triangle) and at key of the explanation to the cable with a Washington
dateline. Another analysis of the Cable revealed
by Base is still locked in mystery.

The object and the Daito Triangle,
were sighted well within operational Air
Station. On May 24 the Petersburg column carried the Daringly "Explanation is swiftly in doubt"
beginning "one more extravagant than belief in
flying saucers," it was suggested by the scientists Mr. Charles Gibbs-Smith, Keeper of Ex-
hibition of the Air Museum at National Air
Museum. This was known of the report that an
American radar operator had identified some
strange objects as latest aircraft. For the love of
M[illegible] the experiment, to say said that
the loss of that signal airscrew

"I tried to talk to each individual that
it back again. The expert explains were set to
work and, in all the circumstances, it must be
admitted that they did an excellent job; the
newspapers praised the "explanation" without
comment and their readers were able to digest,
and forgot, or, differences. According to the
cable

It is disappointing to learn that the United

[right column]
of the explanation. Still, least said send not cold
would be quite valid if a double sealed with...

After all, if war sincere be all that was at
seemed by the time it reached him, and other
should they be based that it to a tale: the plane was at
the V of 20 yesrds to be terminated.

The cable received from NASA is very care-
fully worded. It read: "In answer to information
in allusion, there was a part of last stage of a
missile of U.S.S.R. as well as in its past [illegible]
explosion in the south-west in the whole
in first. Who is an [illegible] it the Far East that
the facts

antennae shout in public and it would seem
that he had a point, for he was in the "know",
and the W[illegible] audience had free Walkers him-
self most down if the press. She then would not
have been there—it is. It would be interesting
to hear from someone at The audience who there
think of the explanation.

The message about the situation would appear
to that NASA it Atav had originally guarded
permission to the W[illegible] or would have it from
the him, w're sure that the United States Air
Force would blame it to say an [illegible] of the base,
however, nor further authorized interested in put
lining out the Taoist S

X-15 PILOT SHOWS B[illegible] FILM

(Continued from page 4)

States is prepared to carry its "Skydatherm"
into outer space. It had been hoped that is the
UFOs at sight heights could not be regarded as
intruders over the home territory; their existence
could be admitted. If UFOs bases were to be
found on the Moon, would the taxpayers who
made the discovery possible be allowed to know
the truth?

13