(Continued from page 1)

Over the more glamorous and spectacular news, the exclusive AFSC Aerospace Primus Club quietly announced another significant first for Major White. He had become the first man twice honored by that organization. The announcement received little notice.

A charter member of Aerospace Primus, Major White was selected for membership on the basis of an altitude record he set with the X-15 on August 12, 1966. He reached an altitude of 354,200 feet, less than half of his recent record.

Known as the most exclusive club on earth, the Aerospace Primus Club was established Aug. 26, 1960 by Brig. B. A. Schriever, AFSC commander. There were 13 charter members. In the two years of its existence, only nine new members have been added.

Objectives of the club—stated in its charter—are to promote original accomplishment in the discovery, development, testing and use of techniques and equipment in furtherance of the aerospace program and to honor first individuals to attain or participate in aerospace accomplishments deemed to be of historic significance.

Membership in the club is restricted to military and civilian members of the Air Force who have accomplished significant aerospace firsts. A special Primus Club, made up of top military and civilian officials at Hq. AFSC, meets as required to nominate new members. All nominations are submitted to the AFSC commander for approval.

Charter members of the Primus Club were recognized for three spectacular aerospace achievements during the period of Aug. 9-19, 1960. Speaking of all that activity, General Schriever said, "We have achieved more important aerospace firsts in a span of time in history."

The period began with the successful launch of Discoverer XIII into orbit from Vandenberg AFB, Calif. The following day, the Discoverer XIII capsule became the first object in history to be recovered from orbit. On the same day, there were three successful Bomarc launches.

On Aug. 12, Major White set a new altitude record in the X-15 and an Air Force developed Thor boosted NASA communications balloon, Echo, into orbit.

On August 16, Capt. Joseph W. Kittinger, Jr., performed a record breaking parachute jump for which he received his second Distinguished Flying Cross.

The next day, a Bomarc missile sought out and destroyed a QB-47 drone aircraft.

The period of unprecedented success reached a climax on Aug. 19 when Capt. Harold E. Mitchell's C-119 crew made the first successful aerial catch of an object returning from space, the Discoverer XIV capsule.

In addition to Major White, the people closely associated with the space capsule aerial recovery and Captain Kittinger were selected as charter members of the Aerospace Primus Club.

General Schriever personally praised the individuals singled out and presented them with inscribed plaques on Aug. 26, 1960.

The feat which brought Primus Club membership to Captain Kittinger started with a first step that was followed by a 192,800 foot descent to earth. Stepping from the open gondola of a balloon high above the New Mexico desert, the plucky captain free-fell 85,300 feet before his parachute opened. During the free-fall period, 4 minutes 38 seconds, he reached a speed of 614 mph.

Captain Kittinger received his first D.F.C. in 1957 when he rode the altitude of 96,000 feet in an enclosed balloon gondola. His 1960 parachute descent shattered a jump and free-fall record he had established in November, 1959. For that accomplishment, he was awarded the 1959 Harmon Trophy.

The much publicized aerial catch of the XIV capsule earned C-119 aircraft commander Captain Mitchell and his entire crew Primus Club honors. Colonel Alvan N. Moore, 6524th Test Wing commander, also became a charter member of the club for his part in directing aerial recovery operations.

Members of Captain Mitchell's "Pelican Nine" crew included Capt. Desmond A. Apaka, co-pilot; 1 Lt. Robert G. Combs, navigator; TSgt. Louis F. Banmei, Ssgt. Alguene Harmon, Ssgt. Arthur P. Hurst, Ssgt. Wendell King.

[NON-TEXT PAGE: black-and-white photograph showing people in formal military dress with Air Force insignia]

Captain Joseph Kittinger starts the longest first step ever recorded, 192,800 feet. The capsule's record breaking parachute descent earned him charter membership in the Aerospace Primus Club.

AIC George W. Donshou, A2C Lester L. Poole and A2C Donald E. Hill.

Catch of the Discoverer capsule—ejected over Alaska on the satellite's 17th Polar orbit—was accomplished at an altitude of 8,500 feet. Captain Mitchell sighted the capsule parachute dead ahead of his aircraft at an altitude of about 10,500 feet.

A total of about 10 minutes were available to make the catch within the forty of its aircraft's operational altitude. The first attempt missed by a heart breaking six inches.

A second attempt, hastily executed, missed by as much as two or three feet. But, the third time was a charm and luckily so. Two decks of scattered clouds at about 7,000 feet could have made a fourth pass impractical.

Four of the remaining five Primus Club members were presented membership plaques as recently as June of this year. They were recognized by General Schriever in ceremonies at the Aerospace Medical Division, headquartered at Brooks AFB, Tex.

Three of the new members honored at AMD, TSgt. Lemis M. Moore and Ssgt. William V. Vargas and Roy E. McClure, are members of Air Rescue Service. They were selected for club membership on the basis of being the first parachute scuba team to recover a space capsule.

Shortly after the Discoverer XXV capsule plummeted into the Pacific Ocean on June 19, 1961 the three AIDS divers parachuted to it from an EC-54. Reactivating the capsule, they lifted it into a doughnut-shaped sling and prepared it to be hoisted aboard ship.

In addition to their hard selection for Primus Club membership, the three received.

[Astronaut wings represent flight of altitude of 50 miles or more. Major Robert M. White became the fifth man to receive such wings in Pentagon ceremonies.]

Major Air Force patron.

Major Sergean

Serg from a tude o 335 m first A operati record The certly beish som yet b plaque Cap Force space f ect M stone r a top s an alti light l. The Atlant Grisso wings Astr Major awarde date, h been r represe Aerosp

[Photograph caption text at bottom is partially illegible]