Bootstiap Captain One Of 22
In Eglin Advanced R & D Class

by Mike Lucas

Kentucky farmboy to space-age scientist—that's the real life story of Capt. Kenneth L. Abney, a student at the Air Force's Proving Ground Center's experimental research and development school.

The graduate school, unique to the Air Force and operated at Eglin AFB by Florida State University full-time professors, has these years enrolled, with only physics and mathematics students enrolled. It was so successful that an extensive course in "Management of Research and Development Installations" was added last autumn.

His Air Force of 17 years ago had suggested that he would earn a master's degree in business administration. Capt. Abney would have been skeptically amused. The captain, now an electronics engineer with Eglin's 3208th Test Group, had enlisted with but one year of high school.

The 23 students in his class, including 17 civilians, use OS-13 ratings and up, have been absorbing the know-how of Professor Watro W. Suojanen, one of the top research and development men working with the Armed Services.

Among thought-provoking articles written by the professor are ones bearing titles such as "Are Women Workers Unpredictable?" and "Is Military Organization Really Better?" plus studies on "Differing Motivations of White Collar Workers" and "Accounting Theory and the Large Corporation."

He points to a magazine article. It asserts, "Every year 30,000 technical journals covering the physical and life sciences will be published along with 60,000 new books and perhaps 100,000 research reports."

"No man can read all that pace," Suojanen stresses. He leaves little doubt that this is the Age of the Expert who must depend upon other specialists. The doctor constantly hammers home the fact that technology is vital today, but that quality management of men, materials, machines and money is even more decisive.

The Air Force estimates it costs $43,000 a year to send a scientist or engineer to a college campus. The Eglin program, run on a lecture and seminar basis with outside speakers in addition to Dr. Suojanen, cuts the expense to a mere seventh, or $2,000.

With the summer session recently over, Captain Abney's class is currently engaged in the task of these research and writing. The captain will explore the management aspects of airborne instrumentation. Before next April, all students will spend some time on the Tallahassee campus to fulfill residency requirements.

Up-East 'Hillbilly'
Adds To His Fame
On Florida Radio-TV

Airman William "Billy" C" Cole picked up a guitar at age 15 on a dare and has been playing and singing ever since. His rich, deep voice has won him many honors, including eight trophies.

Much of Bill's music is original, and has been praised by professionals. He has appeared on stage with a number of professionals, including such notables as Don Gibson, Cuz Wilbur and Grandpa Jones.

Although his hometown is in the northwestern part of the US—Batavia, N.Y.—his spirit is country and western style music.

During overseas assignments, "Billy C" played most of the clubs in Goose Bay, Labrador and Sondestrom, Greenland.

In 1958, as a leader of a western band called the "Jet Strings," he appeared in the Air Force talent contest representing Duluth Municipal Airport and Air Defense Command.

Now at Patrick AFB, Bill has performed many times at the Comet Service Club. His representative Patrick at the AFSC talent contest finals in 1961 and won second place. He was first place in the Country-Western category at Patrick again this year, although his duties didn't permit him to make the trip to Edwards AFB for the AFSC contest.

[Two photographs showing: Captain Kenneth L. Abney and Harold Miles, his supervisor, peer over a blue orbital relating to Tracking Station No. 3, which has been attended the research and development school at Eglin.]

[Photograph showing: Airman Billy Cole, in addition to being a fine entertainer, is president of the Comet Service Club Airman's Council. A Weapons Group observer of Patrick AFB, he is the father of two sons.]

Peter Giannini

"Accent On People

Study at Graduate
Level . . .

24 highly qualified
persons study at the
time receive full p

Pay &
Allowances . . . .

All actions pertain
allowances received
Study Group. Sele
receive final report
watch on this one

Technical
Competence . . .

275 AFSC civilian
trained this year
sponsored by the S
by Navy instruct
AFMDC, CCMR

Sponsor
System . . .

Headquarters carr
bers of Junior Off
sponsor system. Of
practices through

Career
Motivation. . . .

AFSC Officer C
closing study. Th
to SR position
moves are still mos

Promotions . . . .

Long awaited pro
motion received for
new grade waivch

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962