The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

JUNE 1, 1953
THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
PAGE 3
Saucers Shoot

Use a star It was very bright, white in color, and seemed to move straight up and a little toward the south. Just a moment in duration as it seemed to be coming toward the observer. The observer looked through binoculars and went back to the yard to look up again. It was gone, but at that time there appeared a green-blue light in the sky which flashed twice and seemed to move closer instead of going. It dived downward, flattened out, and then disappeared. This happened around 12:10 a.m. Some time between 1:15 and 1:30 things began to happen again. The observer saw another object, this time round-shaped, with two red lights on it. It seemed to be revolving and appeared to be much closer than the previous object. It remained in view for about 30 seconds and disappeared. At 1:40 a.m. the observer saw another object, this time V-shaped, with a bright light in the center. This object appeared to be traveling much faster than any plane. The observer was sure these were not planes or helicopters, but unidentified flying objects. A surprising thing happened at 2:15 a.m. The observer was looking at another object which seemed to be a plane, but all of a sudden it stopped in mid-air, fluttered like a bird, then took off at tremendous speed, disappearing in a fraction of a second. At that time, John scrambled into the house and got his wife. Together they returned to the yard and the pad he wrote "At 9 o'clock at night we saw a bright orange light in the sky, much brighter than any plane." These rockets moved very low over the trees and were so close that buildings could be seen through the luminous glow. This, he said, was a most spectacular display and one which we will hereafter refer to as "Saucer No. 2." This display seemed to be in the same position as one seen earlier. Turned a flip and came to rest at about the same distance from the observer as had the previous object, No. 3, which appeared oval and larger. The display then began to diminish in size and brightness and within two minutes had disappeared. At 2:40 a.m. the observer saw another object, this time round-shaped, with a reddish-orange glow, brighter than the previous ones and much closer. It seemed to remain motionless for a few seconds, then shot upward at tremendous speed and seemed to disappear into the bottom of No. 2. About 3 minutes later No. 2 was again approached by the new object, this time in a side-ways motion, the two objects maneuvering around each other at a very close distance. The display was in the same position as before and was "nicely silhouetted" by the trees in the back yard. No. 2 then seemed to go into a vertical position and No. 3 became a dim oval shape and faded into the darkness. No. 2 began to dim and fade into the night sky and was gone again. No. 2 was next seen at about 4 a.m. At this time Saucer No. 3 was spotted.