The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

PAGE-4

SAUCERS SHOOT

(Continued from page 3)

the night and flames into glaring overo came their curiosity and they retired rather than learn. After the encounter we have no reason to doubt that they did not know all about flying saucers. They had seen onebut did not want to admit it. 

4.1 The above mentioned, about 45, is an un- 
named witness. It is thought that perhaps the boys 
had heard of a proposed satellite launching or the 
like and thought that this was such an event. We
know of no plans to launch any such object at that 
time, but the rumor of such a launching appears to 
have been current in the area. At any rate whatever 
explanation there may be, the boys certainly knew
what had happened the preceding night and in this
called the affair a "flying saucer." The writer would
call it a "Satellite launching" and try to forget about 
it should be noted here that the encounter was startling 
enough to change the plans of the boys for the evening.

5. This brings to mind another thought. A goodly 
number of the boys' honesty comes from their knowledge
of these investigatations. After they have witnessed such
an encounter during the time that the CAO has made
known that flying saucers do exist, they would hesitate to
go on record as stating what they had seen. This would be 
particularly true if the object had been one about which
the CIA had admitted the existence and the truth. Mr.
Lorenson said that he had not wanted to get them involved
with the Air Force and that was why he had
casually talked with them while it was fresh in their minds.
if, as it appears, they knew the CAO had stated that flying
saucers do exist, they may very well have felt that they
should not talk about their experience and this may account
for some hesitation and evasion on their part.

6. When attempting to describe the object a further impression is gained, that the object was very large and brilliant. The witness apparently got the impression that the object was larger than any aircraft he had ever seen. It was described as "larger than a house" and the flaming appendages were said to be as long as the object itself. If this is so, we have a very large incident here and one that deserves further study. Visual impressions are often misleading, and the true size may have been much less, but eyewitness accounts, uncritically accepted, often give the impression of an object of gigantic size. This frequently happens with the size of the craters or flashes and the like as is well known. 

The size of the "saucer" appeared to be from 45 to 60 feet in diameter. This is a commonly recurring size in saucer reports of this type. The color of the object was described as a bright white with a bluish tinge and 
the flames were a red-orange color.

It is impossible that this newspaper account can be accepted at its face value. Some embellishment or distortion of the facts is almost certain to have occurred. Eyewitness accounts, as is well known, are notoriously unreliable, and the true nature of the incident is likely to be something quite different from the spectacular picture painted here.