Utility Tested
in Experiments

A cell differs only one-half pound of
water per night from the other under
higher pressure, but could withstand
pressure up to 1,000 psi, Goodyear
craft engineers said.

A 36-inch window in one end of the
cell used from inflight and within
window is used by subjects to observe
reactions of the test subject and
those inside to watch television.

Because of the composition of certain
atmosphere, a television set can-
not be installed inside the cell, but it
was rigged up to the window when the
subject with it to watch it.

"Goodyear's plastic plant in Arizona,
with Vita stationed and assembled a
mota plant in Akron, Ohio.

AF Academy To Get
Basic Research Lab

The Air Force will activate a basic
research laboratory at the Air Force
Academy near Colorado Springs, Colo.,
on Oct. 1. The laboratory, under the
supervision of the Air Force Office of
Aerospace Research, will be the most
such facility to be established at a service academy.

The new laboratory will serve a dual
purpose. It will increase in-service
capability to conduct necessary basic
research programs and will provide an
ideal means for selected members of the
Academy's faculty and outstanding
cadets to collaborate with OAR scientists in actual research programs of interest to the Air Force.

Of the 181 members of the Academy's science faculty, 21 per cent hold
doctorates and the other 79 per cent
have master's degrees. Twelve per cent
of the latter have completed their doctoral course requirements. (AFNS)

[Black and white photograph showing what appears to be a person in a space cell or chamber with visible equipment and viewing window]

Airman Third Class Frank Rhoski, a member of the respiration section at
the Aerospace Medical Research Laboratory, prepares to close the zippered
end of the space cell prior to a test. Airman Rhoski maintains one-way communications with subjects sealed inside the cell.

AMD Engineer Earns
Special Acts Award

A Yellow Springs engineer, Robert
Cameron, assigned to the Aerospace
Medical Division's Aeromedical
Research Laboratories, was recently
cited a special act award for work
resulting in savings to the Government of $10,494.

Cameron an engineer in the laboratory's branch of the Behavioral Science Laboratory, without pay, to place in
operation a facility for visual rotation techniques.

When difficulties arose in investigating
some aspects of the centrifuge for the
basic research program, Cameron
called the job himself. The visual
rotation techniques program involved
a standard Air Force primary trainer,
costing primarily of a closed loop
television system and relative position
computers, all of which was notably for complete flight simulator.

Cameron analyzed volumes of data
designed and fabricated complete
ring systems which would permit using
the equipment, despite omission of

many components. He then installed,
calibrated and placed the facility in
operation.

Martin-Denver Gets
Algae Research Job

The Air Force has awarded the Martin Company's Denver Division a $41,
499 contract to design and test an
experimental prototype of an algae-
filled device which someday would
produce an oxygen to sustain astronauts
on prolonged space flights.

Aerospace Medical Division's School
of Aerospace Medicine at Brooks AFB,
Texas, is sponsoring agency for the
study.

The contract provides for the aerospace division of the Martin Marietta
Corporation to conduct research, design,
develop, fabricate, functionally test and
deliver a complete solar illuminated
photosynthetic oxygenator to the Air
Force by the end of the year.

Work will be supervised by Dr. R. D.
Gaffori, chief of Martin-Denver's life
sciences section. Dr. Gafford worked
last summer with the Arctic Aeromedical Laboratory on a project called
POISE—Photosynthetic Oxygenation Illuminated by Solar Energy. The present
contract, called POISE II, is an extension of that work.

RADC Man Gives
New Solution For
Radio Puzzler

A trans-horizon radio propagation
phenomenon that has puzzled radio engineers has finally been explained, thanks
to the research of Lt. Richard P. Cassain, assigned with Rome Air Development Center at Griffiss AFB, N.Y.

Explanation of the phenomenon resulted from a paper presented by Lieutenant Cassain at the spring meeting of
the International Scientific Radio Union,
held at Georgetown University, Washington, D.C. Attended by world leaders in the radio field, the scientific
meeting was sponsored by the United
States National Committee of the International Scientific Radio Union and the
Institute of Radio Engineers.

Electronic Cassain, a project officer
in RADC's Electronics Warfare Laboratory, presented a paper titled "An Investigation of Anomalous Trans-Horizon
Radiowave Propagation Over Irregular
Terrain."

His paper covered investigation of the
highly irregular trans-horizon radio
propagation phenomena which was observed for the past two years during
ionospheric scatter experiments held at
Cornell University, Ithaca, N.Y.

None of the theories previously proposed to explain anomalous propagation—or irregular extending of radio
energy waves—were able to explain this
particular phenomena. Additional research and experiments were necessary,
therefore, to solve this perplexing problem.

The necessary research, under sponsorship of the Air Force Cambridge
Research Laboratory at Bedford, Mass.,
was undertaken by Lieutenant Cassain
while working on his master of science
degree at Cornell University.

Cancer Detection
Seen As By-Product Of
Research In Human Speech

A diagnostic technique which may
well lead to the effective detection of
early stages of cancer of the vocal
chords has evolved from a recently completed Air Force Cambridge Research
Laboratory pilot study involving research into the anatomy of human
speech.

While not a replacement for a physician's visual inspection examination, the
procedure may serve as a screening test
for pathological conditions involving
growths of the larynx.

A patient could merely record his
voice, using standard microphone,
reading standard phrases. Analysis of
the speech wave form by techniques
developed by AFCRL scientist Philip
Lieberman, would alert certain
characteristic patterns. Abnormal features would sound the alarm in this
method only warning system.

Tests were made which involved taperecordings of 32 speakers selected
with the cooperation of Dr. Ralph M.
Curtis of the Washington Hospital
Center, Washington, D.C.

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962