The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document from the "City of Greenfield Police Department" regarding a UFO sighting report.

CITY OF GREENFIELD
POLICE DEPARTMENT
GREENFIELD, MONTEREY CO., CALIF.

Detailed report of sighting UFO
12-13-62
12:00AM - 8:00AM watch

At 12:30AM 12-14-62, While on routine Police patrol in the City of Greenfield, Calif., Officers CRISP, GALVIN and MARISCAL observed a brilliant light which appeared and stopped immediately, my cruiser to better observe this object, which continued to remain stationary for several minutes. This object, which appeared to be approximately 50 to 75 feet in diameter, gave off a brilliant light in a near circular design, almost solid in appearance, which remained in a fixed position in near cloud sky.

Because radio equipment or power source of this object did not affect in any way the operation of any of my patrols vehicle radio, and was advised that they to were able to locate the same object, the report required that we notify the officers of King City to confirm sighting, other Police units in the area. The officer consulted confirmed (additional details deleted). In continuous observation, this brilliantly glowing object remained in the same position for more than 90 minutes, larger in size than any of other known objects. I observed the Russian "Sputnik" on two orbits over this sighting, however, the movement of this object appeared to be one statical, solid climb off the ground and remained suspended during the entire period of observation. It is the personal opinion of the writer that any report of erratic movement or change of course in light, of any attempt to describe this object as saucer-shaped, disc-shaped, or any other conventional design is unwarranted, as the observation of this glowing, stationary object provides no basis for such a conclusion.

Patrolman Charles CRISP, a Police Officer of the King City Police Department, states that he joined the observation team 20 to 25 minutes after the initial sighting. His statement confirms that the thing, as viewed by Patrolman GALVIN and Patrolman MARISCAL, was a brilliantly lighted, stationary object approximately 50 to 75 feet in diameter, which remained in near-cloud position for the duration of the observation. At no time after the sighting was this bright object able to be detected on their vehicle radioes. A statement at the home of Constable and Mrs. TRAGER, who watched at 2:05 AM on the morning light, corresponds with all the foregoing observations.

It is the opinion of the writer that any report of erratic movement or change of course in the flight, or any attempt to describe this object as saucer-shaped, disc-shaped, or any other conventional design is unwarranted, as the observation of this glowing, stationary object provides no basis for such a conclusion.

NICK HIENE, Patrolman, S.P.D.