There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar? The single object was about 2-3 feet diameter.

We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About 1/8 of the match head covered the object.

Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Appeared to vanish and disappeared.

In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. A bright (I have never seen one but the description sounds similar), or a large reflective where shock were with possibly some object that seemed to change in direction. It reflected the rays of the settling sun.

Text extracted from the image:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar? The single object was about 2-3 feet diameter.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About 1/8 of the match head covered the object.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Appeared to vanish and disappeared.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. A bright (I have never seen one but the description sounds similar), or a large reflective where shock were with possibly some object that seemed to change in direction. It reflected the rays of the settling sun.