The image contains a page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image, only text and a visual diagram of emergency signals.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

SEARCH AND RESCUE
Search and Rescue Service is a life-saving arm of the United States Air Force. This service, under the Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Service, provides pararescue, aerial recovery, and air sea rescue for the FAA, Air Force, Air National Guard, Civil Air Patrol, State Police, and Local Search and Rescue Teams. It provides search, survival aid, and rescue of personnel in distress.
1. File a Flight Plan with a FAA Flight Service Station (FSS) in person or by telephone or radio.
2. If you plan to stay overnight, leave a flight plan or itinerary with someone who can give it to the Search and Rescue Service if you do not return as scheduled.
3. Maintain radio contact, if possible, with a station that can relay your position to the Search and Rescue Service.
4. If you land overdue and are delayed more than an hour, report this information to the nearest service.
5. If you fail to report within three hours after your E.T.A., the full facilities of the Search and Rescue Service will be alerted to locate you.
GROUND TO AIR EMERGENCY CODE DISTRESS SIGNALS
INSTRUCTIONS:
1. These signals are designed for ground-to-air visual communications. They should only be used when the aircraft in distress is not able to establish radio communication with search and rescue facilities.
2. Provide as much detail as possible between intervals to aid in determining your location and condition.
3. Conserve signals when possible. Use them only when necessary to attract attention or to indicate immediate need of assistance.
4. As shown to avoid confusion with other symbols, no symbols should be made to attract attention if not required. The intent is to have signals be clearly discernible.
5. When ground is covered with snow, signals can be made by displacing snow, leaving the earth exposed. The same signals can be made by using brush, twigs, rocks, or any other available material to form the symbols on the ground.
VISUAL EMERGENCY SIGNALS