The image contains a photograph that appears to be a satellite or celestial body map. The text mentions "COMET SEXTILIS" and describes it as "Computed by N.A.C.A. on the basis of the data. Observed first night Aug. 4". There does not appear to be any other image or photograph in the document.

OSO READY TO GO
Several to the Editor
I wiszes that you would forces the girls who are appearing in your movie to wear a little more clothes and have them keep them down on their persons when they are on the lot. Why not have them wear the 24 letter words instead and give a number a letter and see if a serlter could be found with this number and letter, then how some of the movies who it would mean are to be shown in this country and what it wiould mean. And in your mailing of movie stars you make sure you nane the right people. I U.K. German.

Herr Gosse, we are sheep lab if not like. It should have been many would be) the that looking 1962 29, achieve 1963 are one would want a, that wast not dreadfully too the 18 September the so-called "Censored" Cinema Goose April 29 to study the Lonerphere. It was built firmly to this country and Finland.

The Editor
Sir: instead of greeting's from AT-&T Pat Knapp V.P. In line with the A.T.&T.'s policy of being courteous and helpful, "HAWKINS: "STATIC UNIVERSE"

A much abbre-'cited statement of Gerald Hawkins' SATURN THEORY appoared in the N.Y. Times, who while stating his views on the expanding universe theorty, said: l) that he considers the universe as now not expanding at ail, and consequently it may have been in a static state for billions of years.

Aloha, comments are Dr. H. has "static-universe" theory is somewhat similar to my own personal views and as subsequently published in Western Science Review. It was stated in layman terms without going into technical details, Such a theory follows the contours,as it were, of the whole universe and not merely specific Phenomena.

Up from washington 24 July were these welcome visitors - Diana Unger, Mr. Lenny Fineman and wife, Mrs. Lenny Fineman, and Marsha MacLeod, all from Washington. D.C. Michael, the young son of Leonard Kramer of the Finnish Embassy visited 22 August.

ATTENTION, PUTATIVE PAPER PUBLISHERS:

A proposal of guidelines for professional papers to be presented to meetings of national and international scientific societies - and copy sent to U.S.A. to World Health Organization -- is now in the "SAI".