The image appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page contains a report of a UFO sighting by Boy Scouts and their staff members at Camp Lakota in Illinois on July 12, 1962.

The text in the document states that the first object sighted was "like a clear disc with a pointed top". The next two objects were smaller and appeared to come from the larger one. The sightings were reported to Professor Hynek, and the object was described as a jet when first seen, but it proved to be too "popular" in appearance.

The text also mentions that the first (cigar-shaped) object changed directions and began to drop over the landscape, and the second object also vanished from sight.

As an OCR system, the text output from the document is as follows:

NO CASE (Information Only) 12 July 1962 
Camp Lakota, Illinois

BOY SCOUTS REPORT SIGHTINGS OTHERS SEE UFO's

An object which changed direction faster than would be possible with a regular aircraft, was sighted by four boy scouts and three staff members of Camp Lakota in Illinois on 12 July 1962. 

IN A LETTER ADDRESSED TO HYNEK, PROFESSOR OF PHYSICS AT DEFIANCE COLLEGE, the J. C. Holley family of Defiance gave this description:

The first object sighted was like a clear disc with a pointed top. The next two objects were smaller and appeared to come from the larger one.

The names of the scouts who sighted the object at 8:30 p.m. on the 12th were: Eric Nelson, Robert Anderson, Ronnie Bowman and LeRoy Hodsap. They were walking along the Four-Leaf Clover road when they saw the objects.

The sightings were reported to Professor Hynek, and the following is additional information:

When first seen, the object was a jet, when at about 30 degrees elevation, but it proved to be too "popular" in appearance. It started to move at a slight angle down and to their left and grew in size, very quickly to "disappearing" proportions. Short bright flashes of light appeared and the object stayed stationary while the first object remained in motion. 

The first object suddenly "dived" from slightly below the second object as if it possibly dropped from the higher object. The third object left a bright, clear contrail which hung in the air like a jet trail. It then disappeared behind a cloud and never reappeared.

Shortly thereafter, the first (cigar-shaped) object changed directions and began to drop over the landscape, and the second object also vanished from sight.