1962        JOHN GLENN AND HIS DAY OF MIRACLES        61

the U.S. Air Force had tried to orbit late October,* or like they might be snowflakes formed by the cooling of water vapor from his jet nozzles. But he quickly rejected both theories. Best explanation of the phenomenon: the capsule was giving off distinctly charged particles of water or gas vapor that were attached to each other, built up the specks that Glenn saw.

*Nightmare of Suspense. Throughout his thrilling data, John Glenn recorded the emotion and impressions of being the United States' first tourist in orbital space. He had little sensation of speed: it was, he said, "about the same as flying in an airliner at, say, 30,000 f=—and looking down at clouds at 10,000 feet." Over California, he spotted part of the Imperial Valley to his left, and the Salton Sea; he could even pick out the irrigated acres around El Centro, where he once lived. Looking down on the Atlantic, he saw the Gulf Stream as a river of slud.

But Astronaut Glenn's adventure involved far more than mere sightseeing. He encountered difficulties that turned his journey into a nightmare of suspense. Over Guaymas, Mexico, on his first orbit, the capsule's attitude-control system began to act up. A small jet, designed to release hydrogen-peroxide steam to keep the capsule in a stable position, was not working properly. The capsule—

*Aim of the Air Force project was to enlarge the capsule's heat shield with tiny copper wires, which could be used as a reflector to relay radio messages. Nothing has since been seen of the wires.

sule, reported Glenn, "drifts off in yaw to the right at about one degree per second."

To return the capsule to its normal position, Glenn took over the controls himself and activated other jets. For most of the rest of the flight, he had to "fly" the capsule either by hand or by using a semi-automatic "fly-by-wire" system roughly akin to power steering on an automobile.

As he crossed the Pacific a second time, the erratic jets made the capsule "roll" (turn on its horizontal axis). A similar roll in last November's flight of the chimpanzee named Enos made it necessary to bring the capsule down after two orbits. Again John Glenn was able to overcome the trouble manually. Worrisome as it was, this problem was nothing compared with another threat. Just as Glenn was beginning his second orbit, an instrument panel in the Project Mercury Control Center at Canaveral picked up a warning that the fiber-glass heat shield on Friendship 7 had come apart. If the shield were to separate before or during Glenn's re-entry into the earth's atmosphere, he would perish in a flash of flame.

One by one, other tracking stations picked up the ominous signal. Project Mercury officials huddled tensely, trying to decide what to do. The final decision was made by Operations Director Walter Williams: an attempt would be made to hold the heat shield in place by changing the re-entry procedure. The retro-rocket packet was supposed to be