The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AFR 200-2
and, to determine the technical or scientific characteristics of any such (UFO) sightings, and to identify all UFO sightings as described in paragraph 3.
a. Air Defense. The great majority of flying objects reported have been caused by a variety of natural phenomena, including the sighting of astronomical objects, lights, and conventional aircraft of the United States and its possessions. However, determine the possibility exists that foreign powers may be hostile to the security interest of the United States and its possessions. It is consequently necessary to report all sightings of UFOs in order to determine their identity and take corrective action as possible.
b. Technical and Scientific. The Air Force will continue to collect and analyze reports of UFO sightings until all are scientifically explained or identified as something else. This task is of great importance as reports of UFO sightings have been exploited. In performing this task, the following factors are of great importance:
(1) To measure scientific advances, the Air Force must have the latest observations on new or unusual vehicles or weapons.
(2) The possibility exists that foreign countries may develop air vehicles or revolutionary military configurations or propulsion.
(3) There is need for further scientific knowledge of such fields as astronomy, aerodynamics, upper atmosphere, the study and analysis of UFOs and similar aerial phenomena.
(4) The reporting of all pertinent factors will have a direct bearing on scientific analyses and determination.
6. Reduction of Percentage of UFO's "Unknowns". Air Force activities reduce the percentage of unidentifieds to the minimum. Analysis has thus far "explained" all but a few of the sightings reported. These unexplained sightings are considered scientifically as "unknowns" and will be further analyzed and evaluated. However, the fact that these "unknowns" are limited in number compared with knowns had been available, probably these, too, could have been explained. However, because of limitations in our knowledge, observational data, and the fact that analyses of UFO sightings depend primarily on the personal impressions and interpretations of data or facts obtained under uncontrolled conditions, the elimination of all "unknowns" is probably not probable.
3. Responsibilities:
a. Reporting. Base commanders will report all information and evidence of UFO sightings, including information and evidence received from other services, Government agencies, and civilian observers. Governmental agencies and civil authorities will be advised of the fact that an investigation is being conducted. 
b. Investigation. Investigators are authorized to direct persons, including the investigators of the investigation area, to the Foreign Technology Division ( FTD) for the Air Force Systems Command, at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, telephone 3-7111, ext 69216/69375. The purpose of the calls is to report high priority findings. (See section c.)
c. Investigation. The commander of the Air Force area or agency in which the UFO sighting will conduct all investigation to submit a complete initial report of a UFO sighting. The initial investigation will determine the location, time, and other pertinent factors other than those closest to the scene of a reported UFO sighting will refer the sighting immediately to the commander of the area or agency. (See paragraph 5.)
d. Analysis. The Air Force Systems Command, Foreign Technology Division will analyze and evaluate:
(1) Information and evidence reported with the United States after the investigators have exhausted their efforts to identify the UFO.
(2) Information and evidence collected in EXCEPTION: The AFSFC (FTD), independent Air Force activities, may conduct any additional investigation or analyses to further or complete the findings.
e. Findings. AFSFC (FTD) will prepare a final report on each sighting after collection and analysis of data, and will forward a copy of the report to HQ USAF (AFCIN).
f. Public Relations and Information Services. The Office of Information Services will be responsible for releasing information on sightings, and, in coordination with the AFSFC (FTD), answering questions and releasing information to the public regarding UFOs. (See paragraphs 7 and 8.)
g. Congressional Inquiries. The Office of Legislative Liaison will:
(1) In coordination with the AFSFC (FTD) and/or the Office of Information, when necessary answer all congressional mail regarding UFO sightings.
(2) Forward these inquiries to the Secretary of the Air Force and Headquarters USAF.
(g) Forward those inquiries which are scientific and technical to the FTD for information on which to base a reply. The FTD will respond.