CLEVELAND PRESS - 23 AUGUST 1962

OUR BUSY CITY

By HENRY GORDON

Balloon Mystery Solved (?)

A little more light was cast today on the identity of a mysterious object which startled anxious sky-watchers in eastern suburbs Tuesday night.

A Euclid woman reported that a neighbor man has been launching flares attached to four balloons at intervals for about a year. This explains the "muffled explosion."

"He sent one up Monday night just before the storm," she said, "and another one Tuesday night. I don't know why."

His reason remains obscure. The balloonist was unavailable for comment today. Tune in tomorrow. . . .

---

Orange in Sky?
Best Guess is
Weather Balloon

Best guess about the bright orange objects that were seen the last two nights crossing the sky above the eastern suburbs is that they were weather balloons.

An object was observed last night by hundreds of residents of Euclid, Richmond Heights, South Euclid, Mayfield Heights and Highland Heights from about 9:30 to 9:50, when it apparently burst. Most said it moved from northwest to southeast.

Cleveland Plain
Dealer - 22 Aug 62

---

between 9:30 and 9:50 August 20, 1962. The

I was the first to sight this UFO from my front yard as it approached from the southeast point from the southern horizon, traveling northwestward parallel with 210th Street, but a few degrees to the west of it. This object had no form other than a large expanded orange-red color which appeared to be flames. Neither did it produce any sound or leave any visible trail. It appeared to be maintaining a fixed altitude. Total viewing time: at least five minutes.

Before it approached us directly over head, it made a long sweeping arc eastward and its light slowly disappeared.

I have no way of estimating its altitude or its speed or size. Neither did it remind any one of the four of us of anything we had ever seen before.

I trust that this provides you with the information requested.

Yours sincerely,

[redacted signature]

Cleveland, Ohio [illegible]
[redacted lines - illegible]