The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed report of a UFO sighting. 

OCR text:

REPORT OF U.F.O. SIGHTING

October 14, 1962 - 3:00 p.m. E.D.S.T. - Approx. time of sighting (and of compilation of this report).

Location: Granby, Quebec.
Time of sighting per each of three objects: Approx. 5 to 6 seconds (fairly certain).
Condition of sky: Bright daylight with sun at approx. 45° SW of zenith.

Objects considerably brighter than background of sky; equivalent to car headlights a block or two blocks away.
Objects did not emit smoke, did not emit any sound, and did not change brightness. They did not change shape nor their position, floating or disappearing. It was behind the edge of a cloud formation at the time when objects appeared solid and white.

Observations made from within home (in subdued light). No internal illumination, no sound, no motion, no after-images. Objects were first noticed as bright point of light, about 1/2 degree in diameter. Particular attention drawn to the objects on edges thus as long ellipses with minimum focal radii of short magnitude 1.5 degrees. Objects moving dead west to east. Edges of objects were clearly outlined without any fringing.

Objects moving dead west to east. Edges of objects were clearly outlined without any fringing or trail. No perceptible motion interval between 14-second observation period.

Major axis of U.F.O.'s parallel to direction of travel. Objects followed in linear direction, delineation of objects approximate 2,000 to 3,000 feet (approximately 1/2 mile in length) held at arm's length. Objects did not appear made of any common material, and appeared to cause no local atmospheric disturbance. Size seemed that of a medium aircraft at arm's length, but none of the objects had shadowed portions. Noticed objects when facing approx. South.
Altitude of objects above horizon: Approximately 20 to 30 degrees. Tiny wisp of clouds were finely dispersed and in essentially east to west direction.

This is first report of this sighting (it was alone). Advised my wife immediately. This is not the first time I have seen a U.F.O. Previous time was at night, and U.F.O. sight was of a rapidly rising disappearance object, a number of years ago. It is difficult to estimate precise time lapse since my sighting spread is of the order of 5 to 10 years.