Air Force Commandos
To Help Train Allies

icial counterinsurgency, the tough
ng program underway at Hurlburt
fld., for the Air Force's deadly
Training Squadrons, will be
icially to benefit commando
of the allied nations of the free

mission of the Air Force's com-
is not to engage actively in
but to instruct allied air crews
phases of aerial counterinsurgency
ics and tactics, as well as the
ies of aerial counterguerrilla

ing is low level troop and sup-
ies and at night description techniques
and night description techniques
in of allied nations by the USAF
method.

ough principles and techniques
on are alike, the newly-formed
at Hurlburt Field will
greater use of air operations.
on completion of their training
ir Force commandos will help
of allied nations to train the
units of their own.

Young bowling champions (from left) Eddie, Harold, Jr., and Carolyn are
all children of Col. Harold A. Arnold, special assistant to the AFSC stff
Judge advocate. Eddie, a little league shortstop and second baseman, won
his first bowling trophy this year. Harold, a fighter high school baseball
pitcher, has won seven bowling trophies in three years of play. Carolyn,
who has also bowled for about three years, has taken five trophies.

conclusion of the San Diego Contract Management District bowling season
one the "One Arm Bandits" emerge as the top team. From left are Don
tudes, Home Schurm, Frank Calix, Ruth Vyccd and Charles Cohen.
individual trophies were presented at a season's and bowling banquet.

New officers of the Mirarc Lake
Woman's Golf Association at Edwards
AFB are (from left) Jean Archer, vice
president; Jean Robbins, secretary;
Dorothy Clark, treasurer; and Jackie
Bear, president.

recently marked their third
of the monthly scheduled
tion team receiving trophies
commander, are left to
Capt. Samuel Jolly, Capt.
and Sgt. Lawrence Rimadelf.

Winner of the Indianapolis Star's 110
Annual Bat Boy Contest, Don Fitzpat-
rick (left) grins proudly as Star's sports
editor, Jep Cadel Jr presents him with
an engraved wristwatch. Mel Schine
(right), business manager of the Indianap
olis Indians, looks on. Don, the son
of Central Services Division's resident at
igan's Russell T. Fitzpatrick, received
a scholarship from the Indians, whom
indians.

Officers Wives Club bowling champs at
the Edwards Special Officers Club pose
with trophies presented for a recent
bowling season. From left are Joan Fitz-
gin and Jackie Bear. Not pictured is
Candy McBride.