There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) sightings.

The text on the page appears to be an analysis and discussion of UFO reports and investigations during the 1952-1955 time period. It discusses the formation of a Scientific Advisory Panel to examine UFO data, Air Force responsibility for the UFO program, and various briefings and meetings related to UFO topics.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output:

During the phase in which Special Report #14 was in preparation (1952 - 1955) the project attracted a public felation fconact remains with it today. Fiction publications of alleged contacts with visitors from outer space, formation of pseudo-scientific organizations, hoaxes, and self-appointed individuals who investigated UFO sightings. The radar sightings in Washington- D. C. during July 1952 tended to give a new impetus to UFO reports. News coverage during this period was extremely high and General Samford conducted a press conference on 29 July 1952 to explain the situation. 

With the increased volume of reports pouring in, a Scientific Advisory Panel on UFO was established in late 1952. At a meeting held during 14 - 18 January 1953 all available data was examined. Conclusions and recommendations on this panel were published in an unclassified report, and made public. The panel concluded that UFO's did not threaten the National Security of the U.S. and recommended that the Air Force attitude on the project be removed.

By 1953 Air Force responsibility for the UFO program had become firmly established. It was now apparent that some directives were necessary in order to standardize investigative procedures and formulate policy. AFR 200-2 was issued, and the final publication was distributed in August 1954. This regulation states the purpose, investigative procedures and policies relating to the release of information. Special Report #14 was completed on 17 March 1954.

After 1955 the project concerned itself with investigation of sightings, evaluation of the data and information to provide a basis for a public appraisal. This often led to the "FACT SHEET" These, or similar releases have been made periodically since 1955. All data collected has been in accordance with the recommendations of the Scientific Panel in January 1953. Still, the "Flying Saucer Myth" had remained with the public eye, and has necessitated many conferences and briefings among Military, Civilian, Scientific, and Congressional members. Among the most significant of these are: a) 4 October 1956, The General Science Briefing, b) 31 January 1953, McClellan Sub-Committee Briefing, c) 8 August 1953, McCormack Sub-Committee Briefing, e) February 1959, Washington D. C. Policy Meetings and f) 11 - 15 July 1961, Congressional Briefing (Mr. Robert Smart).