194                 SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for September 22, 1962

ASTRONOMY

Venus at Greatest Brilliance

Venus will reach its maximum brilliance and the fifth of the naked-eye planets, Mercury, will come into view in the October sky, James Stokley reports.

▶ THE PLANET VENUS, which has been so prominent in the western evening sky for several months, will reach maximum brilliance on Oct. 8. This is her last thing, however, for by the end of October Venus will have virtually disappeared, with a close approach to the sun's direction.

Three other planets—Saturn, Jupiter and Mars—are also visible in the evening. And Mercury, the fifth of the naked-eye planets, swings into view before sunrise about Oct. 21.

Only Saturn and Jupiter are shown on the accompanying maps, which give the appearance of the skies about ten o'clock (your own kind of standard time) at the beginning of October: an hour earlier in the middle of the month and two hours earlier in the end. Venus sets too early to be shown.

Venus Visible in Daylight

Venus sets about an hour and a half after the sun on Oct. 1. Even then it is practically bright as it will be on the following evenings. By Oct. 8 it will be nearly as brilliant as Venus is, it is still about 15 times brighter than any other planet at that time, and perhaps twice as bright before the others, while the sky is still bright.

In fact, Venus can be seen even while the sun is shining, if you are shaded from the direct sunlight, and know just where to look. Jupiter's magnitude in October is minus 2.5. Although it is not nearly as bright as Venus, it is still about 15 times brighter than a bright first magnitude star. Jupiter will up in the northeast, in the constellation of Aquarius, the water carrier, and it sets about two hours after midnight.

Saturn is to the right, and lower, in Capricornus, the sea-goat.

Mars, of the first magnitude this month and a little fainter than Saturn, is in Gemini, the twins. Mars rises a little before midnight. Red in color, it is a little before midnight. Red in color, it is faint.

Among the stars, the brightest is Vega, in Lyra, the lyre, which is high in the northern half of the western sky. Above it is north, in Cygnus, the swan, Altair, in Aquila, the eagle, shines to the left of Deneb, and is shown on the map for the southern sky.

Over in the northeast is another first magnitude star, Capella, in Auriga, the charioteer. And over there, to the right, is the bull, with Aldebaran. This star is red in color, and about the same brightness as Mars which comes up later.

They need not be confused, however: Aldebaran shines with the scintillating bril-

liance of a star, while the steady and unwinding glow of a planet.

Below Jupiter, it is found in Piscis Austrinus, the southern fish. This is another star of the first magnitude, although it looks fainter, because it is low in the sky. As this star is far south in the sky it never, for us, rises higher than it is now.

Above Jupiter, between it and the Great Square of Pegasus, the autumnal equinox. Although there are not first magnitude, the square makes a good starting point in finding your way around the skies. Alpheratz, in the upper lefthand corner, is actually not in Pegasus, but in Andromeda, the princess.

The evenings of October are about the poorest of the year for seeing the familiar "great dipper" which is part of Ursa Major, the great bear. In fact, it is now near the northern horizon. For persons south of 30 degrees north latitude (about that of New Orleans) all stars but one of the great dipper go below the horizon for October evenings.

Above Ursa Major is Ursa Minor, the little bear, and in this group is Polaris, the pole star. Directly above stands Cepheus, the king (mythologically the husband of

Cassiopeia, to the right, and the father of Andromeda, above).

Cepheus is not a brilliant constellation; most of its stars is as bright at the first magnitude, but in this group is a star of the fourth magnitude that is quite inconspicuous. This is delta Cephei, the astronomer of a little triangle of stars in Cepheus, which in the constellation. It is the prototype of a class of stars known as Cepheid variables, which astronomers have found to be valuable as measuring sticks of the universe.

Delta Cephei as Variable Star

Delta Cephei is a variable star. From a magnitude of 3.6 it drops in about four days to 4.3, about two-thirds as bright. In about a day and a half it returns to its maximum brightness; the total period of the cycle is 5.4 days.

Apparently it is pulsating. While it is expanding it is brightest, and when it is contracting it is faintest. There is more rapidly contracting it is fainter still, at minimum brightness a temperature, of about 3,600 degrees. Cepheid, like most stars, utilize nuclear energy to supply energy by a process in which hydrogen is converted to helium. According to one theory, the star contracts and this heats up its core, thus firing up the nuclear furnace that keeps it going. Finally, so much radiation is flowing outward from the center that its pressure causes it to expand, but as it goes to maximum

[Two star maps showing constellations visible in October 1962 - one showing "Face North" and one showing "Face South"]

◆ ◎ ◎ ◆ ◆ SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS