12 Courses At
Successful

Which must be approved by the
university. The complete course
approximation two years.
After number 3, at ASD, has
noted the first three volumes and is
said to compromise the last volume
summer. It will be among the first
for Air Force to develop concept in
pioneering a new concept in
construction.
chief reason for the associate
is that many senior officers do
not have an opportunity to par-
ticipate in War College program be
of the limited number of officers
"f for the resident course.
accelerated course reduces the
of course from five to two years,
of the areas studied under this
Includes international relations
current world conflicts, elements of
ry, current and future military
ogy.

Lt. Nicolai Graduates
505 With Distinction

Eutenant Leland M. Nicolai, of
a Directorate of Advanced Systems
ring, was honored recently upon
tion with distinction from Stuart
Officer School, Maxwell AFB, Ala.
plant Nicolai was one of a class
of more than 900 students, who
noted with distinction.
igned to ASD's Flight Dynamics
aboratory in August 1957, he attended
University of Oklahoma under
IT sponsorship and received his M.S.
ct at aeronautical engineering. He
eceived his bachelor's degree from
University of Washington in 1955.
on his return to ASD, Lieutenant
was assigned to the design and
alion of the aerospace vehicle
in branch. In this assignment, he
nducts design studies of current
pace vehicles.
utenanant Nicolai received commen-
ions from Lt. Gen. Troup Miller,
Commander of Manned AFB's Mal.
, C. H. Mitchell, vic commander
USAF, and Maj. Gen W. A. Pauls,
ter commander of ASD.

Contract to Develop Deep
Space Tracking Ability
Announced By Air Force

The Air Force recently announced
award of a $3.8 million contract to
Radio Corporation of America, Burlington, Mass., to procure a prototype opti-
cal surveillance device which will enable
the Air Force to detect and track man-
made satellites orbiting out in the dis-
tant regions of the stars.

Personnel of Electronic Systems Divi-
sion's YDST, (popularly known
as Space Track) will handle procurement and manage development of the
prototype model.

Besides a powerful telescope, the
prototype model will employ the photo-
sensitive surfaces of an image orthicon
(TV-like) tube, coupled with data cor-
relation techniques to get a fast readout.

The system works like this: The
image of the sky observed through the
telescope is focused on the face or sur-
face of an image-orthicon tube. The
surface is made up of multiple photo-
sensitive cells, like a checkerboard or
honeycomb of the TV tube, with each
section reading independently to the
amount of light hitting it. Electronic
signals, racing to each individual
section, instantaneously relay the mes-
sage.

Data-processing techniques "read"
the message and store it. The incredible swiftness of electronics replaces the
former slow development of a chemical
printout. Further, the star background
is cancelled out electronically. Then the
computer brain compares one "look"
(scan) with the next so that any man-
made object moving in the section
under surveillance will be detected.

Extending the range of radar detec-
tion, the optical detecting system will
not necessarily be restricted to earth
satellites.

ESDI's Anthony Salvucci, 46cl, proj-
ect scientist, said, "The optical-detecting device will utilize electronic tech-
niques of analysis in order to give a
'real time' answer to the satellite sur-
veillance problem at long ranges."

System 494L is one of more than a
dozen uses ranging Air Force electronic
projects centered at Hanscom Field, all
aiding in the problems of command
and control of aerospace forces.

Rocket Society Speaker

Carl O. Horst, the X-15 research
plane's chief engineer at the Aeronauti-
cal Systems Division, recently addressed
the Northeast Ohio Division of the
American Rocket Society at Cleveland,
Ohio. He spoke on the contribution of
the X-15 to rocketing and aerospace.

Horst told the group that the X-15 is
a blend of the ballistic missile and
winged aircraft and that it is made from
Inconel X, which is similar to material
used in automobile exhaust pipes.

He has applied for a patent for an
aircraft wing based on bird flight
mechanisms and has published a book
titled, "Flapping and Soaring." He is
also past president of the Dayton
Aviation Society.

His book describes the mechanics of
birds in flight and was published by the
Sherry Printing Company of Kettering,
Ohio, in 1960.

He is chief engineer of the Experi-
mental and Support Systems Office at
ASD.

Inventory Transfers Net
Millions For Taxpayers

Transfer of articles of military in-
ventory from one service to another
has resulted in the savings of millions
of dollars of the taxpayers' money,
according to a report made by Defense
Secretary Robert S. McNamara to
President Kennedy on July 5.

Procurement of medical articles by
one of the services from the inventory
of another has proven to be a goal
mine, according to Mr. McNamara.

Instead of trying to procure a needed
article from civilian contractors, the
Army or Navy will first search the idle
inventory of the Air Force, and vice
versa. This practice was described by
Secretary McNamara as "one of the
most useful ways to reduce the pro-
curement of inventories."

A sample of how the "transfers"
work was revealed in the recent Air
Force procurement in 1961 new silvered
plated roller bearings used in overhauling aircraft engines. To purchase them
would have cost $25,562. A search
among the agencies, however, showed
that the Navy had a supply of them
which were transferred to the Air
Force. (AF-NS)

Education Pays

A scholar's dream has come true for
Carl D. Simmons, 34, a supervisory
aeronautical research engineer for the
first four of his seven years at the Air
Force Flight Test Center.

He recently started a year of salaried,
tuition-paid study at the University of
Southern California for a master of
science degree, under an Air Force
career development program for promising civilian workers.

Simmons, a Penn State College graduate
(1955) and father of two, Simmons is
the first Flight Test Center winner of
the full-time study award in the three-
year-old Air Force career development
program.

For the last two years he has supervised various key test projects, involving
the foot-sequence B-52 Hustler,
the Air Force's fastest bomber.

Simmons, a native Texan who grew
up in Texarkana, came to Edwards
June 21, 1955 from Trosco State where
he got a bachelor of science degree in
mechanical engineering and mathe-
matics.

[Two photographs are present on the page: one in the lower left showing what appears to be a model or device, and one in the lower right showing a headshot portrait of a man in professional attire]

Carl D. Simmons

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962