The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text output from the document:

Dear Sir (s):

I am writing to you in a somewhat hesitant manner, as in the first paragraph of Project Blue Book files dealing with investigations of the type to which I refer, it states that I cannot be of any value to you.  I will give you my story, and leave that up to you.

On March 23, 1962, I had an experience, which I cannot adequately describe.  The day was clear, some clouds, but not the kind that would suggest an unusual phenomena.  At approximately 5:30 P.M. I observed two objects in the sky, and almost directly overhead.  They were shaped somewhat like a boomerang, and seemed to be maneuvering, their path was descending.  They could have been traveling South to North, or from West to East, I cannot say for sure.  The way we were facing, gave the illusion of going straight down, when actually they were moving in a northeast direction.

Their formation was approximately a 45 degree angle, and I'd estimate their distance from me to have been between 2-4 miles.  Their configuration was most intriguing, as when I first observed them, they appeared normal, and then as I kept my eyes on them, their formation was changing, almost as though they were turning or rotating.  This was definitely no aircraft as we know them.  Their rate of speed was phenomenal, and far exceeding any jet planes I have ever seen.  It was most impressive.

My wife's vision at distances is very good.  My vision is 20-20.  Both of us are reasonably intelligent, and not given to fantasies or superstitions, and are not even sure anyone else in Rochester or elsewhere even saw them.  We felt this was a very strange sight, and were wondering if you could give us any information on similar sightings in this area.  I believe I have covered our experience fairly accurately.  If you should desire to question me further, I would be glad to cooperate.  Why should we not be given the answer to the UFO's?

Thank you for your time.

Rochester, New Hampshire