The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document reads as follows:

To whom it may concern:

This is a report of an unidentified flying object. At 8:55 p.m. on October 6, 1962 I observed a source of light in the sky exhibiting peculiar behavior. I am a graduate student at the University of Virginia, Charlottesville, Virginia and I was frequently in this area on that date. On the night of Oct. 6, I had a pair of 7X50 binoculars at my disposal.

While I was looking at the constellation Cassiopeia as a landmark, I suddenly noticed a very bright white light in the sky which appeared to be as bright as Sirius but slightly yellower in color. It was moving toward Lacerta, a small constellation above the North Star. This light moved in a straight line and then appeared to be as bright as Sirius but slightly yellower in color.

This star was moving toward Lacerta, a small constellation above the North Star. It then made a sharp turn and moved at a much faster speed westward. It appeared as a point source of light through the 7X50 binoculars, however it still appeared as a point source of light even at maximum magnification. Based on this I judged the object to be some distance away. It moved across the sky and came to a stop and remained stationary for about 30 seconds. I then lost sight of it as it moved behind some trees.

In conclusion, I am at a loss to explain the phenomena with which I was confronted. I have carefully considered the contents. The conclusions that good judgment will be executed on its contents.

I am unable to avoid any confusion as to the purpose of this letter or the nature of the object observed. There are no witnesses to my observation. Enclosed is a rough map of the area in the sky where the object occurred and a path designating the path of the object.

In order to avoid any confusion as to the purpose of this letter, I remain:

Anonymously Yours,
U.Va., Charlottesville, Va.