The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters United States Air Force, Washington, titled "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS".

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

REPLY TO:  LGD 9IC-0
ATTN OF:  AFSSI

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects 

TO:  MAJOR HAILEY
SCOTT AFB, ILL.

1. In accordance with referenced letter and paragraph 15 of AFR 200-2, dated 14 September 1959, the following information is submitted:

On 30 November 1962, Mr. V. H. DIAL, Greensdale, Missouri, Scott AFB, Ill., stated that he had been acquainted with UFO's for many years and has had numerous sightings, but this was his first close contact case. He stated that he was in his automobile, on his way home, when he observed a large craft above the road in front of him. The craft was approximately 150 feet in diameter, disc-shaped, and hovering at an estimated altitude of 200-300 feet. Mr. DIAL stated that he was involved in a near accident when his automobile seemed to be pulled toward the craft. He was able to regain control of his automobile and continued on his way. Mr. DIAL stated that there were no other witnesses to the incident and that he did not report it to any authorities at the time.

On 30 November 1962, Mr. EUGENE WILLIAMS, Greensdale, Missouri, stated that he was a member of the local volunteer fire department and had been called to a farm in the vicinity of Greensdale, Missouri, in the early morning hours of 3 December 1962, to investigate a reported UFO landing. Mr. WILLIAMS stated that he and two other members of the fire department arrived at the farm shortly after the incident was reported. They found that a circular area of approximately 150 feet in diameter had been burned into the grass. The burned area was still smoldering when they arrived. No other physical evidence was observed. Approximately 150 persons had gathered in the area to observe the landing site. Mr. WILLIAMS stated that it was his opinion that the object had landed briefly and then departed, leaving the burned area as the only evidence of its presence.