There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be an article from the Science News Letter titled "Three Planets Now on View" discussing the visibility of Venus, Jupiter, and Saturn in the evening sky in July 1962.

The text of the article is as follows:

THREE PLANETS NOW ON VIEW

Three planets, Venus in the west, Jupiter in the east and Saturn higher and farther to the south will appear in the July evening sky, James Stokley reports.

"It's a favorable year for planet-watching," he says, "when the planets are on view in the early evening. On July 31, when there is a 'penumbral' eclipse of the moon, the planets will still be in view."

Venus, the brightest of the trio, is now low in the west after sunset. It remains visible for about two hours after the sun goes down.

The planet Mercury is farthest west of the horizon for a few mornings around the middle of the month and two hours after sunrise it can be seen low in the east.

The brightest of the trio is Venus, which remains visible low in the west for about two hours after sunset. It reaches is greatest brilliance in this part of its orbit, and then begins to sink lower as it approaches its inferior conjunction with the sun. This is when Venus passes between the earth and the sun, and appears to descend below the western horizon. Jupiter, a little higher in the sky, will remain visible for a shorter time after sunset. Like Venus, it too appears to get lower in the sky as the month progresses. Saturn is still higher in the sky, in the constellation Sagittarius, and remains visible until near midnight.

Antares Appears in South

As for the stars, which always remain in place, unlike the planets which are constantly changing their positions, the brightest in the southern sky is Antares, a red star in the group called Scorpius, the Scorpion. This red color is characteristic of it. Here is a rather faint constellation—Libra, the Scales, to the right of Scorpius.

Higher in the eastern sky-nearly overhead-is Vega, in the constellation Lyra. This bright star is one of the summer's most famous constellations, along with the Southern Cross, which are shown on the map of the northern sky. Look for them, to the left of Deneb and Altair, the eagle-and much higher in the sky.

Look to the northwest to see the familiar group of the Great Bear, Ursa Major, which includes the stars that make up the Big Dipper.