ed Leadership
NCO Academy

d history and organization, world
rts, and collective security.
The work's hard at the academy, but
loving's good. Students enjoy the
possible accommodations. Quar-
ters are in a modern two-story, air
ditioned buildings. Two hvac
oom equipped with steel lock-
study desk, lamp, chairs, two chest of
drawers, and three-quarter width
ly with innerspring mattresses.
Automatic washing machines, driers,
ers, ironing boards, tape recorders
s speadders are available for stu-
nt use. A library contains books
e textbooks covering all subjects
aught at the academy is located in the
um, along with a student writing

Physical fitness is an important part
academy life. Each student is ex-

Other outstanding graduates receive
achievement certificates. Each graduate
receives a distinctive diploma, symbol
of achievement through diligent indi-
vidual application to a demanding
course of study.

A student's work day begins at 5:15
in the morning. Until five in the eve-
ning, he is busy with drill, academic
instruction and sports. Evening study
hours are from 6:30 to 9:30. Students
have to be in quarters at 11:30 each
night except Saturdays and evenings
preceding academy recognized holidays.
Saturday begins at 5:15, but students
normally are free from duty by noon.
Sunday is the day off.

The academy is staffed by two offi-
cers, 15 noncommissioned officer in-
structors, and five airmen who work in
supply, administration and in the radio
visual program, and two civilian secre-
taries.

Commandant is Lt. Col. John S. Al-
bright, who holds a BS degree from the
University of Maryland, and M.A de-
grees from Maryland and Denver Uni-

Academy instructors give personal at-
tention to the problems of students.
Here SMSgt. John A. Krift, military
training instructor, explains a point to
TSgt. John H. Green of Oklahoma City
AF Station.

versity. Deputy commandant Maj. Hol-
lis T. Mcsmaw holds B A and M A
degrees from Arizona State University.
Instructors are among the finest in
the Air Force. The majority are gradu-
ates of the Air University's Academic
Instructor School. More than half have
completed the Communist Strategy
Course conducted by the State Depart-
ment's Foreign Service Institute.

Superior performance of academy
graduates since 1955 in their Air Force
jobs is proof positive that the school has
been successful in carrying out its mis-
sion. That mission is to:

"Provide the noncommissioned offi-
cer with an understanding of his re-
sponsibilities and to instill in him a
desire to fulfill his leadership and
supervisory role."

Hundreds of favorable comments
have been received over the years from
commanders, officers and supervisors in
the field. There is no question but that
the academy's course improves leader-
ship qualities and gives a major con-
tribution toward keeping the Air Force
the world's most effective military or-
ganization.

Pointing out a trouble spot during a world affairs class is SMSgt. Joseph
H. Corbin. Students are (from left) TSgt. Johnny C. Schultz, Air Proving
Ground Center; TSgt. John H. Wendell, Air Force Missile Development
Center; and SMSgt. Howard J. McEldeery, APGC.

pected to participate in the sports pro-
gram which consists of volleyball,
horseoshoes and softball. Swimming is
optional in the summer months.

A major theme of the academy is
competition. Competitions between the
two student flights are carried out in
ports, inspections, parades, reviews and
academic areas, and is topped off at
the end of each six-week course at the
graduation banquet, when awards and
honors are announced.

The Flight is designated the honor
ght its achievement is engraved on
plaque permanently displayed in the
room.

Individual awards are the Honor
raduate Award, presented on the basis
of academic grades and military merit;
Academic Award, presented to the
udent other than the honor graduate
ho has the highest average in academic
jects, along and the Commandant's
award for the student, other than the
aor graduate and academic award
inner, who achieves the highest level
iors, merit and demonstrated
arship qualities.

It has all work. On the afternoon coffee break in the staff-student lounge,
TSgt. Danny L. Meador of Rockport AFS (left) and SSgt. Jack E. Cook
of Shaw AFB (second from right) relax over coffee with Commandant
Lt. Col. John S. Albright (center) and SMSgt. Conrad A. Jaffee, associate
director of training.