The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

REPORT NO.: IR-1-62
PAGE : 1 
FROM: HOMESTEAD AFB, FLORIDA 

UNCLASSIFIED
Attachment #1

United States Air Force, Department of Intelligence, Homestead Air Force Base, Homestead, Florida

Dear Sirs:

My name is [redacted] and I reside at [redacted], Coral Gables 46, Florida. I am an amateur astronomer and a member of the United Amateur Astronomical Association of Miami, Florida.

On the night of January 25, 1962, a private star party was held at my home, [redacted], Coral Gables 46, Florida for some of the members of the Miami Astronomical Association and myself.

At approximately 9:25 P.M. E.S.T., all the members noticed four diffuse like objects which were traveling almost overhead. They appeared to be traveling in a northerly direction. They were approximately the size of a second magnitude star.

I then observed them through my binoculars to examine them more closely. There were four objects that appeared to be larger than the disk of Saturn as seen through a 4-inch refracting telescope. The objects appeared to be cigar-shaped and came to a point at both ends. They remained in a tight formation. The speed of the objects was approximately that of a jet aircraft. At times, the objects seem to wobble or oscillate in their flight pattern, but no red, green or white lights were observed. The objects remained in view for approximately two minutes and then disappeared from sight.

The entire phenomena lasted for twenty seconds. After the objects disappeared, we immediately called the local weather station and other agencies, but no one else reported seeing these strange objects.

We arrived at the conclusion that these objects were not terrestrial in nature. To eliminate the possibility of their being airplanes, weather balloons, meteors, satellites or any man made craft, we would like to know if there have been any similar observations of these objects reported in the Florida area who saw these same objects.

Thank you very much for taking the time to read this letter.

Very truly yours,

UNCLASSIFIED