OPERATIONS

Man's 'Pressurability' Tested
in Sealed Capsule Experiments

What is the optimum atmospheric composition and pressure for a variety of space flight mission profiles?

That question and others concerning man's respiratory intake and emission are being studied in the controlled test cell in the Respiration Section of the 6570th Aerospace Medical Research Laboratories at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.

The cell is a plexis structure built for AMRL by Goodyear Aircraft Corporation. Seven feet in diameter and 13 feet long, it is enclosed in a large pressure chamber with variable volume. The pressurized cell is constructed under a contract with the Air Force Sperry.

Yes, in which one of two men are placed in the cell to undergo extensive metabolic and respiratory studies, last from two weeks to a month.

Scientists are seeking to learn the optimum gaseous atmosphere necessary to keep astronauts and equipment operating efficiently and reliably during Project Apollo and other space missions, AMRL said. Prime areas of study deal with the possible variation of the gaseous environment with respect to the length of the trip or to effect reduction in system complexity with subsequent improvement of reliability.

During testing, both chambers are pressurized to prescribed points. The test cell differs only one-half pound of pressure per square inch from the chamber pressure, but could withstand differentials up to five psi, Goodyear Aircraft engineers said.

A 3-inch window in each end of the cell is used from without and within. The window is used by TV scientists to study reactions of the test subject and by those inside to watch television.

Because of the composition of certain test atmospheres, a television set cannot be installed inside the cell, which led to the window when their test subjects wish to watch it.

Fabricated at a GM's plant in Arizona, the cell was designed and assembled at the main plant in Akron, Ohio.

[Two black and white photographs showing man in sealed capsule experiment setup]

Airman Third Class Frank Rhoski, a member of the respiration section at the Aerospace Medical Research Laboratory, prepares to close the zippered end of the space cell prior to a test. Airman Rhoski maintains two-way communications with subjects sealed inside the cell.

AF Academy To Get
Basic Research Lab

The Air Force will activate a basic research laboratory at the Air Force Academy near Colorado Springs, Colo. on Oct. 1. The laboratory, under the supervision of the Air Force Office of Aerospace Research, will be the first such facility to be established at a service academy.

The new laboratory will serve a dual purpose. It will increase teaching capability to conduct necessary basic research programs and will provide facilities for selected members of the Academy's faculty and outstanding upperclass to collaborate with OAR scientists in actual research programs of interest.

Of the 131 members of the Academy's present senior class, 24 have completed their doctorates and the other 70 per cent have master's degrees. Many of the latter have completed their doctoral course requirements. (AFNS)

AMD Engineer Earns
Special Acts Award

A Colorado Springs engineer, Robert G. Cameron, assigned to the Aerospace Medical Division's Aerospace Medical Research Laboratories was recently presented a special act award for work resulting in savings to the government of $10,494.

The citation carries a cash award of $515.

Cameron, an engineer in the training research branch of the Behavioral Sciences Laboratory, worked evenings and weekends, without pay, to place in operation quickly a facility for visual simulation techniques.

When difficulties arose in negotiating a contract for electrical circuitry for the labourase circuitry equipment, Cameron tackled the job himself. The visual simulation techniques program involves a standard Air Force gunnery trainer, consisting primarily of a closed circuit television system and relative position image computers, all of which was designed only for a completed flight simulator.

Cameron analyzed volumes of data and designed and fabricated special control and cabling systems which would permit use of the equipment, despite omission of that work.

He then installed, calibrated and placed the facility in operation.

Martin-Denver Gets
Algae Research Job

The Air Force has awarded the Martin Company's Denver Division a $419,495 contract to design and test an experimental prototype of an algae-filled device which someday would produce an oxygen to sustain astronauts on prolonged space flights.

Aerospace Medical Division's School of Aerospace Medicine of Brooks AFB, Tex., is sponsoring agency for the study.

The contract provides for the aerobic oxidation of the Martin Marietta Corporation to conduct research, design, analysis, fabricate, functionality test and deliver a complete solar illuminated device lands oxygenation to the Air Force by the end of the year.

Dr. D. Grafford is chief investigator of the project. Dr. Grafford worked last summer with the Arctic Aeromedical Laboratory on Project called POISE — Photosynthetic Oxygen Generation II. The present contract called POISE II, is an extension of that work.

[Text appears to continue on next page]