1962          JOHN GLENN AND HIS DAY OF MIRACLES          63

sibility of sudden death. To the
millions who have now seen and
heard him, it is obvious that he was
a perfect choice to become the first
American to orbit the earth.

He was raised in New Concord
(population: 2000), a quiet, shirt-
sleeves-and-overalls town in central
Ohio, where his father, by turns, was
a railroad conductor, proprietor of
a plumbing business and owner of
the local Chevrolet agency. As a
boy, John swam in Crooked Creek,
hunted rabbits, played football and
basketball, read Buck Rogers, was a
great admirer of Glenn Miller, and
blew a trumpet in the town band.

In 1939 he entered Muskingum
College, a small Presbyterian school
in New Concord. He was a substitute center on the football team, got
solid B grades, and schemed to get
into the war as a pilot. He learned to
fly in a Navy program for civilians
at New Philadelphia, 35 miles away,
then quit college as a junior to join
the Navy's preflight program. In
1942 he took the Navy's option to
join the Marine Corps, and won his
pilot's wings and gold second lieutenant's bars. Then, resplendent in
his dress-blue uniform, he came
back home to New Concord to marry
Annie Castor, daughter of the
town dentist, and his sweetheart
ever since he could remember.

Smooth Pilot. There was never
any question about John Glenn's
flying skill. After his war duty, he
developed a cockscure method of
occasionally demonstrating it. Says
Marine Lt. Col. John Mason, "John-

ny would fly" up alongside you
and slip his wing right under yours,
then tap it gently against your wing-
tip. I've never seen such a smooth
pilot."

As a test pilot for the Navy's
Chance Vought F8U Crusader fighter after the Korean War, Glenn
showed the determination that later
landed him in the cockpit of Friend-
ship 7. He had the F8U up to
Mach 1.2 one day when something
snapped and the plane veered sharply. Most test pilots would have
gingerly guided the plane back to
base. Glenn, scribbling notes all the
while, stubbornly pushed the fighter
up to Mach 1.2 two more times to
see if it would happen again. It did.
When he finally landed, he discovered that 24 feet of the trailing edge
of a wing had been broken off.

Early in his career, Glenn developed the art of "sniveling." Explains
Marine Lt. Col. Richard Rainforth,
who flew ground-support missions
beside Glenn in both World War II
and Korea: "Sniveling, among pilots, means to work yourself into a
program, whether it happens to be
your job or not. Sniveling is perfectly legitimate, and Johnny is a
great hand at it." In 1957 Glenn
sniveled the Marines into letting
him try to beat the speed of sound
from coast to coast. Flying an F8U-1,
he failed by nine minutes, but he did
knock 23½ minutes off the coast-to-
coast speed record by covering the
distance in 3 hours 23 minutes at
an average speed of 726 m.p.h.

Then, in 1959, Glenn resolutely