AF Academy To Get
Basic Research Lab

The Air Force will activate a basic
research laboratory at the Air Force
Academy near Colorado Springs, Colo.,
on Oct. 1. The laboratory, under the
supervision of the Air Force Office of
Aerospace Research, will be the first
new facility to be established at a service academy.

The new laboratory will serve a dual
purpose. It will increase in-service
capability to conduct necessary basic
research programs and will provide a
training facility for selected members of the
Academy's faculty and outstanding
cadets in collaboration with OAR scientists in actual research programs of interest to the Air Force.

Of the 131 members of the Academy's teaching faculty, 21 per cent hold
doctorates and the other 70 per cent
have master's degrees. Twelve per cent
of the latter have completed their doctoral course requirements. (AFNS)

[Photograph showing airmen working with respiration testing equipment]

Airman Third Class Frank Khoeski, a member of the respiration section at
the Aerospace Medical Research Laboratory, prepares to close the zippered
end of the space suit prior to a test. Airman Khoeski maintains two-way communications with subjects sealed inside the cell.

AMD Engineer Earns
Special Acts Award

A Yellow Springs engineer, Robert
Cameron, assigned to the Aerospace
Medical Division's Aerospace Medical
Research Laboratory, was recently
awarded a special act award for work
relating to a systems to the present
10,494.

The citation carries a cash award of
15.

Cameron, an engineer in the training
research branch of Behavioral Sciences Laboratory, worked evening and
weekends without pay, to gage in
effort quickly is a facility for visual
and also eye-lungs.

When difficulties arose in negotiating
a contract for chemical circuitry for the
Aeromedical Research program, Cameron
analyzed the job himself. The visual
simulation techniques program involved
standard Air Force annex lighter,
seeing pictorial of a closed loop
vision system and solving problem
solving computers, all of which was designed only for a computer flight simulator.

Cameron analyzed volumes of data
designed and fabricated complete
new systems which would permit use
of the equipment, despite omission of

many components. He then installed,
calibrated and placed the facility in
operation.

Martin-Denver Gets
Algae Research Job

The Air Force has awarded the Martin Company's Denver Division a $41,499 contract to design and test an
experimental prototype of an algaefilled device which someday would
produce an oxygen to sustain astronauts
on prolonged space flights.

Aerospace Medical Division's School
of Aerospace Medicine at Brooks AFB,
Tex., is sponsoring agency for the
study.

The contract provides for the aerospace division of the Martin Marietta
Corporation to conduct research, design,
develop, fabricate, functionally test and
deliver a complete solar illuminated
photosynthetic oxygenator to the Air
Force by the end of the year.

Work will be supervised by Dr. R. D.
Goff, chief of Martin-Denver's life
sciences section. Dr. Gifford worked
last summer on the Arctic Aeromedical Laboratory on a project called
POISE—Photosynthetic Oxygenation Illuminated by Solar Energy. The present
contract, called POISE II, is a continuation of that work.

RADC Man Gives
New Solution For
Radio Puzzler

A trans-horizon radio propagation
phenomenon that had puzzled radio engineers has finally been explained, thanks
to the research of H. Richard P. Cassam, assigned with Rome Air Development Center at RADC, N. Y.

Explanation of the phenomena resulted from a paper presented by Lieutenant Cassam at the spring meeting of
the International Scientific Radio Union,
held at Georgetown University, Washington, D. C. Attended by world leaders in the radio field, the scientific
meeting was sponsored by the: United
States National Committee of the International Scientific Radio Union and the
Institute of Radio Engineers.

Lieutenant Cassam, a project officer
in RADC's Electronic Warfare Laboratory, presented a paper titled "An Investigation of Anomalous Transhorizon
Radiowave Propagation Over Irregular
Terrain."

His paper covered investigation of the
highly irregular trans-horizon radio
propagation phenomena which was observed for the past two years during
tropospheric scatter experiments held at
Cornell University, Ithaca, N. Y.

None of the theories previously proposed to explain anomalous propagation—or irregular extending of radio
energy waves—were able to explain this
particular phenomena. Additional research and experiments were necessary,
therefore, to solve this perplexity.

The research performed with sponsorship of the Air Force Cambridge
Research Laboratory at Bedford was
undertaken by Lieutenant Cassam
while working on his master of science
degree at Cornell University.

Cancer Detection
Seen As By-Product Of
Research In Human Speech

A diagnostic technique which may
well lead to the effective detection of
early stages of cancer of the vocal
cords has evolved from a recently completed Air Force Cambridge Research
Laboratories pilot study involving research into the anatomy of human
speech.

While not a replacement for a physician's normal throat examination, the
procedure may serve as a screening test
for pathological conditions involving
growth of the larynx.

A patient would merely record his
voice, using an ordinary microphone,
reading standard phrases. Analysis of
the speech wave form, by techniques
developed by AFCRL scientist Philip
Lieberman, would turn up certain
characteristic patterns. Abnormal functioning would sound the alarm in this
medical early warning system.

Tests were made which involved tape
recorded voices of 21 subjects selected
with the cooperation of Dr. Ralph M.
Combs of the Washington Hospital
Center, Washington, D. C.

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962