Four Commands Cited
For Savings Program
As 'Money Tree' Ends

Four major commands were presented awards on July 12 by Gen. Curtis E. LeMay, Air Force chief of staff, at a Pentagon ceremony which officially closed project "Money Tree". Gen. Mark E. Bradley was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal for his part in the program, which resulted in savings of more than $100 million on everyday Air Force maintenance and management operations.

The winners of the top awards were II Strategic Air Command, Air Defense Command, Air Training Command and the Alaskan Air Defense Command.

The net savings to the Air Force under the program, initiated by General Bradley in November 1960 when he was deputy chief of staff for systems and logistics, will not be known until a final summation is completed by Air Force head officials.

While the immediate savings were announced as "more than $100 million", Air Force systems and logistics officials said the long-range results will be considerably higher with a "potential saving of a half billion dollars."

"Money Tree" was implemented to eliminate duplication, increase work efficiency and reduce the cost of maintaining the 1959 diversified Air Force operation. It is preceded by several months and put into effect by the Department of Defense, it followed on the heels of the DOD economy and good management program while the two were being conducted concurrently.

Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara recently reported to the President that the DOD program resulted in substantial savings in all areas of Defense operations.

The "Money Tree" program made the American taxpayer a big winner because of the windfall resulting from improved management in all areas of Air Force operation. (AFNS)

Air Force Commandos
To Help Train Allies

Aerial counterinsurgency, the tough training program underway at Hurlburt Field, Fla., for the Air Force's 4400th Commando Training Squadron, will be used principally to benefit commando units of the allied nations of the free world.

The mission of the Air Force's commandos is not to engage actively in conflict but to instruct allied air crews in all phases of aerial counterinsurgency missions and tactics, as well as the techniques of aerial counterguerrilla warfare.

Training in low level troop end supply drops, close air support, interdiction raids and night detection techniques are among the things to be imparted to airmen of allied nations by the USAF air commandos.

Although principles and techniques used by both ground and air commandos are alike, the newly-formed air commandos at Hurlburt Field will make greater use of air operations.

Upon completion of their training, the Air Force commandos will help train commandos of allied nations to develop units of their own.

Young bowling champions (from left) Edith Summers of Colo., Harold A. Arnold, specialist fourth class, Eddie, a little league short his first bowling trophy this year. Harold, pitcher, has won seven bowling trophies in who has bowled for about three years.

Conclusion of the San Diego Contract Management District bowling season saw the "One Arm Bandits" emerge as the top team. From left are Don Lindner, Rence Solarra, Frank Crable, Frank Ward and Charles Colson. Individual trophies were presented at a season's end bowling banquet.

Headquarters bowling champs, The Trainers, recently marked their third league championship in four years at conclusion of the bowling season. Members of the Education and Training Section team receiving trophies from Maj. Gen. Clyde M. Mitchell, AFSC vice commander, are (from left) Tsgt. Ottaw Fulton, S/Sgt. Robert Redding, Capt. Samuel Jolis, Capt. William Voss, Lt. Col. Maurice Descheppers, and Tsgt. Lawrence Rumfield, team captain.

Winner of the Indianapolis Star's 11th Annual Bat Boy Contest, Dan Fitzpatrick (left) grins proudly as Star's sports editor, J. Carlton D. Gassman (third from left) pins an engraved wristwatch. Max Schmaltz (center), sports manager of the Indianapolis Indians, looks on. Don, the son of Central Contract Management Div. Division's Russell T. Fitzpatrick, received a $200 scholarship from the Indianapolis Indians.

AFFC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962