The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document discussing the "Unified Field Theory" in relation to UFO reports.

Transcription of the text in the document:

UNIFIED FIELD THEORY
attempts to extend the sense-perceptible electromagnetic forces and the gravitational field. Some investigators have tried to apply this unified field theory to the phenomena encountered in the investigation of U.F.O.'s and claim that this may give us the key to the reports. This has led to the view that U.F.O.'s are any aerial activity which cannot readily be explained. However, it is generally recognized that before any investigations are made, an attempt should be made to explain the sightings in conventional terms, rather than to say immediately that they indicate the existence of new and hitherto unknown physical phenomena. Unless the evidence is quite convincing, it is usually better to seek explanations in terms of the known rather than to assume the existence of the unknown.

This theory of U.F.O.'s, with its strong quasi-religious emotional appeal, holds that much of what either fulfills or fails to fulfill the criteria of the scientific method in the experience of investigators periodically as they try to make particular checks on to prove or disprove the theory, is seen to have astronomical significance, suggesting to some that the earth could have been visited many time in the past. Some believe such visits become more frequent in our time.

In the face of continued lack of empirical evidence, persistent attempts to link U.F.O. reports with variations from space, must be viewed with skepticism. This has led to the view that U.F.O.'s are any aerial activity which cannot readily be explained. However, it is generally recognized that before any investigations are made, an attempt should be made to explain the sightings in conventional terms, rather than to say immediately that they indicate the existence of new and hitherto unknown physical phenomena. Unless the evidence is quite convincing, it is usually better to seek explanations in terms of the known rather than to assume the existence of the unknown.