Based on the image provided, there does not appear to be any photograph or visual depiction of a UFO. The image shows text describing a UFO incident that occurred on December 19, 1962 in a gravel pit near the Midway Freeway in Washington. 

The text states that a mysterious object landed in 40 feet of water and mud near the gravel pit. The witness, Welder John Liedtke, reported seeing a lot of sparks flying from the object before it exploded into a big ball of fire and smoke. The text provides details about the physical evidence found at the landing site, but does not include any visual images.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the full text from the document:

NO Case (Information Only)

19 December 1962
Tacoma-Seattle, Washington
(Freeway)

GLOBAL SIGHTINGS:
A.2.j TACOMA, WASHINGTON - landed in 40 ft. of water and mud near the Midway gravel pit just off the Seattle-Tacoma Freeway on 19 December 1962. Welder John Liedtke, who reported the incident to the State Police, said he saw a lot of sparks flying, thought it was a car in trouble. Then the object exploded into a big ball of fire & smoke filled the area. State Patrol Headquarters said there was a perfectly round hole, 15 feet across, in the mud where the object landed. The Seattle Post-Intelligencer, which carried the story, did not elucidate on physical description of the object before it exploded, nor whether or not there was a search for debris in the pit.

'UFO In Gravel Pit  NO
A mystery object landed in 40 feet of water and mud near the Midway gravel pit just off the Seattle-Tacoma Freeway on 19 December 1962. Welder John Liedtke, who reported the incident to the State Police, said he saw a lot of sparks flying, thought it was a car in trouble. Then the object exploded into a big ball of fire and smoke filled the area. State Patrol Headquarters said there was a perfectly round hole, 15 feet across, in the mud where the object landed. The Seattle Post-Intelligencer, which carried the story, did not elucidate on physical description of the object before it exploded, nor whether or not there was a search for debris in the pit.