The image contains two photographs. The top photograph shows a star chart depicting the Pleiades star cluster, with labels identifying the various stars within the constellation. The bottom photograph shows a larger map of the night sky, with various star symbols and labels indicating the locations and relative brightness of different stars and constellations.

ASTRONOMY
SCIENCE NEWS LETTER FOR JANUARY 27, 1962
Winter Stars Now at Best
February Is the best month for viewing the brilliant winter constellations. The "seven sisters" of the Pleiades may be seen on a clear night, James Stokley reports.

WITH THE COMING OF FEBRUARY, the brilliant constellations of winter are at their best. The sky map on the accompanying page, which depicts the stars that are high in the sky at 9 p.m. in late February, shows the positions of some of the most prominent stars and constellations visible at that hour.
At this time of year, as in January, no planets are among the brightest objects in the sky. But the star Sirius, the brightest star visible from most of the United States, is high in the southwest. The brightest star shown on the star chart is Sirius, denoted by the largest symbol. The second brightest star shown is Capella, called Auriga or the "charioteer." The smaller it is, the brighter it is. Capella is the fifth-brightest star in the sky.

THE PLEIADES
One of the prominent winter star groups is the cluster called the Pleiades, or the "seven sisters." This is the most beautiful star cluster visible to the naked eye. The six or seven stars that can be seen with the unaided eye are really only a small part of this cluster, which contains hundreds of stars. They form a little dipper-shaped figure in the sky. Their rule is less than seven-minutes 1.45 cubic light-years in diameter, and they are some 410 light-years away from the earth. The cluster is Proceeding still at a brilliant star, though only a small part of it can be seen with the naked eye.
It is interesting to note that the stars in the Pleiades appear scattered, though they are really quite close together. This feature comes from the fact that the three stars with ones much brighter are the real members of the system, while the fainter ones around them may be either more distant members or stars that merely happen to lie in the same direction as seen from the earth. Similarly, the gap between Rigel and Betelgeuse, two brilliant winter stars, is illusory - they are really some 400 light-years apart, though they appear close together in the sky. Still further than Orion and Cassiopeia form a striking seasonal pair of stars that can be seen high in the evening northern sky, especially in late winter and early spring. But these are seldom used for navigation.
As the skies grow darker, the star Sirius, the dog star, is the one that stands out most prominently in the southwest. At lower latitudes, Canopus, the second brightest star, is also visible. But Sirius is the sky's brightest star visible to most Americans. High above, the twins, Pollux and Castor, form the famous Gemini, the Twins constellation. And near the Pleiades, the W-shaped Cassiopeia is another conspicuous winter star group.
Do not, in the east, the Lion, is the notable Regulus, the first-magnitude star that forms the end of the sickle-shaped figure of Leo, the Lion. This is dominated by the bright Arcturus, which appears in the east in late winter.
Such phenomena as these describe some features of these maps that reflect the varying appearances of the night sky from season to season as the earth orbits the sun.