The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report related to UFO sightings, specifically from Project Blue Book.

"R. various papers in August, 1962, Señor Vicente Sáenz, a Buenos Aires resident, reported seeing a large Pan-American type passenger plane. The plane was reportedly sighted by between 30 to 40 other people in the coastal area of the Argentine, he and his son Hugo Sáenz had seen previously unidentified aircraft which he described as silvery, variable-shaped crafts of impressive size, which he was able to observe for several minutes at a time. Although absolutely certain that in the depths of the Gulf of San Matías, visible there flying through the air at low altitude were peculiar and unusual craft, with non-conventional performance capabilities, there has not been any record of Patagonia, where it is a regular and highly intelligent activity.

"Soviet submarines"

Readers will recall the items of February, 1960, where reference was made to certain press reports in that, in trying (over a period of nearly two weeks) to track a submarine in the Gulf of San Matías, near the coast of Argentina, Navy aircraft and ships were unable to do so and they suspected that this was not a conventional submarine. As the sketch map shows, this gulf is close to the Straits of San Matías, where Soviet and other type submarines are known to operate. Bearing in mind that only a few years ago, some Argentine and British press reports spoke of "submarines" that might have been of the unconventional type, there is current batch of reports containing statements by citizens of the area that their attention has in recent years been directed to strange and unusual submarine phenomena, apparently between Chubut and Comodoro Rivadavia, it is an astonishing situation. All this is but a 'sound which I have made from one batch of clippings sent to us by a bank official in the Argentine. He says that there are ten such clippings, but that he finds them so unusual that he asks for any further details that we may be able to supply on this."