The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely an old Project Blue Book UFO report.

The OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text in the document is as follows:

not interested in listening to headline making accusations (prompted
it seems by past gripes) in open debate between you and the Air Force.

It was my every intention to have the Air Force and organizations
of good repute carefully on different view of the same facts.
And if it appeared to you that I was trying to pull the "wool"
might say - I'm not worried about public clamor - I'm much more concerned
about the Air Service and what CAN DE ANSWERED BY ANYONE - the Air Force or NICAP.
I'm supposed to prove out that under your plan you wouldn't be answering
someone else's report - you'd be answering mine. And that simply WILL NOT SATISFY
the Air Force. I reluctive captive of the Air Force, and I am not a captive of
someone else, look bad under these conditions, and I am not a captive of
the SAUCER picture the Air Force.

As I have said, I suffered extreme disappointment as I read your
letter proposing participation of "Air Force representatives" in our planned
Brooks you propose "the Air Force representatives will be directed by
the subcommittee to answer all of NICAP's questions" in regard
to specific UFO sighting, reports and to all phases of the Air Force
investigation."

However, in paragraph 3 of the same letter you propose " - and
the NICAP representatives will answer fully, except for revealing names
and certain details of a few reports given to NICAP confidentially."
(Emphasis added). What kind of forthright, aggressive and nervous
is that? You demand that a military service of this nation is to
divulge everything to NICAP BUT YOU IN TURN CANNOT GIVE THEM THE REQUIRED DETAILS"
paragraph C of your proposals ("It is also agreed that the Air Force
may withhold names and identities, where witnesses insisted on this; and
also, such minor items as classified radar techniques, aircraft speed
and other MILITARY information relating to this main question
at least to the extent which it has reserves the right.")

Personally I don't feel I need to elaborate on the generosity
equivocated by your language in paragraph C. However, no one interested
in scientific data is disturbed by such omissions. First of all, what witness honestly
interested in the anonymity (or are to your organization for that matter)
poses his or her accounting grants"? For the Air Force to divulge information
relatively unimportant points not bearing on the main questions at
issue is very generous indeed. IF THEY HAVE INFORMATION WHICH THE
Air Force is keeping secret, but does not involve national security, I
suggest you recognize it to give comprehensive.

Honestly and sincerely, I make this confession: before I had
received copies of your letters (and terms) to Chrinian Brooks, I was
vitally concerned and interested in what positive and factual information you had on UFO's and the assistance you might give to the Committees
you indicated any hopes I had relative thereto in the language heretofore.