GENETICS

Space Changes Heredity

CHANGES IN HEREDITY of genes from Soviet experiments on the Third International Space Symposium in Washington, D.C. However, the adverse physical strains in men and dogs who have endured for short periods in space will appear in the permanent or pathological in nature.

Only limited data on space crew heredity have been collected. A significant acceleration of the processes of cellular division was revealed in the specimens of rats, cats, and wheat seeds carried aboard the Soviet spacecraft Genetic effects observed in orbiting trait flies showed gene mutation. In the case of a control group, others showed changes in the narrow cells of male flies. The hereditary changes were observed in three percent in the control animals.

In dogs, however, the changes were not pathologically significant. Shubin, for example, had healthy normal livers following her space flight.

Plant and animal experiments in space in each instance are compared with a control group that have been subjected to all the same conditions of space flight itself.

Biochemical changes were evident in the blood, urine, and nervous system of rats.

Explore Solar Flares

MAN-MADE radiation on earth has resulted in the development of new known and techniques for exploring solar radiation with satellites in outer space. Dr. Henry Friedman of the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory also lectures at the "Third International Space Symposium" in Washington, D.C.

Spectroscopy used to measure the temperature and density of gases in nuclear reactors will be used in an Orbiting Solar Observatory (OSO), to be launched next year, to measure the temperature and density of gases from solar flares. This OSO will open new possibilities for the first time to study the hot regions of solar flares that are normally obscured.

Solar flares are the ejection of high energy particles that appear to explode a flame out from the surface of the sun. The effort really activation will rather reception and weather. The ability to predict solar flares is essential for the safety of men in future deep space probes, and communication in space.

They originate, according to present theories, from electromagnetic disturbances or thermal reactions. Heat and density measurements with spectroscopy will indicate which theory best explain the flares, although in present periods that the causes are interrelated.

Experiments are being planned to trap the sun and obtain its crown with satellites. Scientists will be able to make more definitive statements about why this has previously been possible.

★ Science News Letter, 81:324 May 26, 1962

SEISMOLOGY

Mexico Quake Largest
Since Disaster in 1957

THE EARTHQUAKE which shook three southern states in Mexico on May 11 was the worst in that area since 1957 when 68 persons were killed, many injured and property damage extensive, seismologists claimed in Washington, D.C.

The quake struck nearby half way between Mexico City and the famous resort town of Acapulco. The shock resonated with terrifying force through the area.

Buildings collapsed in Chilpancingo, nearby capital of Guerrero State, and plaster and bricks, light poles and fountains fell in Acapulco and Mexico City. An electric power plant was knocked out in Mexico State and scores of persons were rushed to hospitals in the Mexico City Federal District.

Asteraganizing the 1957 quake was a hard jolt. Little or no wave is expected from the present quake, according to latest information.

The quake reached 7.7 magnitude on the Richter scale, compared to a 7.9 recording for the 1957 jolt.

This difference is quite significant, seismologists point out, since 1 magnitude is multiple of 63 times in intensity.

★ Science News Letter, 81:324 May 26, 1962