Science News Letter for September 22, 1962                                193

of two operational Tiros satellites could be
launched by June 1, 1963.
An operational program is urgently
needed, Dr. F. W. Reichelderfer, Weather
Bureau chief, said. Lives, limbs and property
worth billions of dollars need weather predic-
tion, as well as protection to crops and aid
to navigation, he pointed out.

Tiros VI will carry essentially the same
equipment as Tiros V, a NASA official said.
It will have two TV cameras and infrared
receptors to probe the earth. It will also cover
nearly the same orbit, covering approxim-
ately 50% of the world's weather pattern.
Two satellites in orbit can cover much of the
earth at the same time. Dr. Singer said,
50% of the world would be surveyed con-
stantly. But the emphasis would be on the
North American continent, since the receiving
stations are on the East and West
Coasts of the United States.

Asked if a top priority was being given
in the lagging Nimbus program, whose
experimental problems could not be solved
by additional funds or scientists, only by
persons working on the problem can do as
much harm as too few, they said.

Until Nimbus technicians solve their
problems, an operational Tiros system could
do the job, Dr. Singer said.

* Science News Letter, 82:193 September 22, 1962

OPHTHALMOLOGY

Eye Drops Can Cause
Blindness in Humans

INFECTION from contaminated eye
drops often causes blindness, an Australian
eye surgeon said in Sydney.

In the United States, the real incidence
of eye infections from contaminated solu-
tions is unknown because, in fear of legal
liability among doctors and hospital staff,
the surgeon charged.

The charge was made by Dr. D. O.
Crompton, visiting eye surgeon at Royal
Adelaide Hospital, to the Australian and
New Zealand Association for the Advance-
ment of Science congress.

Dr. Crompton said medical journals
should publicize cases of eye infection caused
by contaminated eye drops. They should
not feel "fettered by fear of any possible
legal consequences following specific dis-
closure," he said.

Not long ago in an Australian hospital,
there were some twelve cases in a few months
from infection following lens extraction,
he said.

"The cause was found to be unsterile eye
drops. When the ophthalmologists wished
to make public their findings, permission
was refused by the hospital administration,"
Dr. Crompton said there was a proven
frequency of contamination in eye drops.
He cited Pseudomonas pyocanosa—one
of the most dangerous organisms in eye
infections.

* Science News Letter, 82:193 September 22, 1962

SPACE

Instrument Package to
Reach Venus After 1965

AN INSTRUMENT package piercing
the shrouded atmosphere of Venus and
landing on its hidden surface sometime
after 1965 is one of many planetary probes
scheduled to follow the successful Mariner
ship.

The package will be dropped from a
spacecraft orbiting around Venus. The
project is being developed by NASA's Jet
and Space Administration's planetary ex-
ploration program, largely obtained until
now by the man-in-space face.

Within the next decade, NASA plans to
have:

Another Mariner by Venus in 1964.

A more sophisticated Mariner that will
orbit Mars in the years near.

A second generation of spacecraft de-
signed to further explore Mars and Venus.
Someday—perhaps by 1970—to achieve the
drop a capsule on the planets' surface dur-
ing its mission.

Between 1968 and 1975, flights will be
sent toward Mercury, 57 million miles away,
and Jupiter, more than six times farther
away (588 million miles) from earth.

Planned sight to Mars may follow soon
after the first Venus flights.

"What lies farther still through space toward!" Venus successfully marks the
beginning of a new phase of space
exploration—the planets.

* Science News Letter, 82:193 September 22, 1962

[decorative header: DE FIELDS]

SPACE

Satellite Radio Link
Planned for Americas

PROJECT RELAY, the communications
satellite scheduled to be launched later this
year, will provide a radio link between
North and South America by satellite for
the first time.

Initial tests are planned to connect the
International Telephone and Telegraph
de Janeiro. Direct communication via Relay
will also be made between the Rio de Janeiro
and Nutley, N. J., with mobile equipment to be set up outside Rio
station.

Relay will be placed in an elliptical orbit,
inclined 90 degrees from the equator, by
the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-
istration. It is expected to complete one orbit
in two and a half hours.

* Science News Letter, 82:193 September 22, 1962

GEOPHYSICS

Radiation Belt No Hazard
To Weather Satellite

TIROS VI, the next research weather
satellite, scheduled for launch in late Sep-
tember, will not be affected by the mist
cloud of radiation surrounding the earth, a U.S.
high-altitude bomb test last July.

The atomic particles are now drifting the
globe in a false Van Allen belt. Although
some space shots have been delayed by the
hazardous belt, Tiros VI will be on sched-
ule when it follows its successful prede-
cessors, Dr. S. Fred Singer, director of the
National Satellite Weather Center, said.

Two more Tiros research vehicles will
follow Tiros VI before June 1, 1963, Dr.
Singer said.

During August, Tiros IV and a week
before, Tiros IV, spotted 300 of the main
storms well in advance of other reports,
showing the extreme success of the earth
satellite, Dr. Singer told a subcommittee of
the House Committee on Science and Astro-
nautics. Hurricanes Alma and Becky were
also "seen" from the weather eye, as well
as Typhoon Opal.

Since the Tiros satellites have been an
"overwhelming success," Dr. Singer has
proposed they be used operationally until
the lagging Nimbus satellites are completed
and checked out.

The development snag of the Nimbus
vehicles was reported at the end of August.
The scheduled launch date was changed
from the second quarter of 1962 to at least
the middle of 1963. Even if the shot is
made in June, he added, the two months before
Nimbus is truly functional.

An alternative proposal for an operational
Tiros system has just been drafted, Dr.
Singer said. If the plan is accepted by the
users of the system and the National Aero-
nautics and Space Administration, the first

TECHNOLOGY

First Live Color
Telecast From Europe

THE FIRST live color telecast from Eu-
rope, utilizing Telstar, the communications
satellite, was viewed by physicians attending
the Twelfth International Congress of Der-
matology in Washington, D.C.

The program provided the first transcontinental intercontinental medical communications
program from England. It is the first
time the satellite has been used for an intercontinental exchange of medical information.

The dermatologists saw a discussion and
demonstration of advances in treatment of
psoriasis, a chronic skin disease.

The telecast originated at Culdrose, Eng-
land. It was relayed via Telstar through
British transmission station of satellite communications. The picture was transmitted in
color by microwave to Goonhilly Downs.
The color event conveyed to Andover,
Maine, by Telstar was relayed by microwave
to Washington, D. C.

At the same time, a panel of physicians
in England and a panel of physicians in
Washington, D. C., shared communications
with each other by Atlantic telephone cable.

Dr. H. R. Vickers, M.D., of London, England,
Ps., President of the Twelfth International
Congress of Dermatology, hailed the communications experiment as a milestone in
exchange of medical information. He said:

"The Telstar color transmission points the
way to more rapid spread of medical information between nations."

Color television facilities used in the
program by the British Broadcasting Company,
its British subsidiaries, Smith Kline and
French Laboratories Limited, were used to
telecast the program.

* Science News Letter, 82:193 September 22, 1962