There does not appear to be any photographs or images present in the scanned document provided. The document appears to be a page from a UFO report, containing text describing reporting procedures and format for electrical reports related to unidentified aerial phenomena.

AFR 200-2

and AF Form 112A, "Supplement to AF Form 112" (see paragraphs 14 and 15); however, keep the use of these forms to a minimum in initial sightings. The delays often involved in getting reports through channels may make follow up investigation, producing only limited usable information. This factor is a necessary consideration. Reports received will determine action. AF Form 112 will provide a followup and/or completion report of all sightings initially reported electronically.

13. Where To Submit Reports:

a. Electrical Reports. Submit multiple addressed electrical reports to:
(1) Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, Colorado
(2) Nearest Air Division (Defense) (For United States only) 
(3) Air Force Systems Command, Foreign Technology Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
(4) Headquarters, USAF (AFCIN), Wash 25 DC
(5) Secretary of the Air Force (SAFOI), Wash 25 DC

b. Written Reports (Basic letters and AF Form 112):
(1) Basic Letters. Submit all letter reports direct to the AFSC (FDFD); the AFSC will distribute the reports to interested intelligence activities in the United States and to the Central Intelligence Agency.
(2) AF Form 112. Submit original report, as prescribed in "Intelligence Collection Instruction ATIC) June 1954, direct to HQ USAF (AFCIN) 25 DC, and a copy to AFSC.
c. Reports from Civilians. Where possible, advise civilian sources contemplating reporting UFO's to submit the report, for processing and transmission to the nearest Air Force installation.

14. Basic Reporting Data and Format. Show the abbreviation "UFO" at the beginning of the text of all electrical reports and in the subject of written reports. Include the required data in a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape.
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at arm's length.
(3) Color.
(4) Number.
(5) Formation, if more than one.
(6) Any discernible features or details.
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s).
(8) Sound; if heard, describe sound.
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features.

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s)?
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) observed.
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuver(s).
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the North, etc.)
(6) How long (were) the object(s) visible? (Be specific, 1 hour, etc.)

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual; air-visual; ground-electronic, air-electronic. (If electronic, specify.)
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used, and/or description thereof.
(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give time, craft, identification, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting.
(2) Light conditions. (Use one of the following terms: Daylight, dawn, dusk, night.)
(3) Location (name and geographical coordinates) of observer(s). Give exact latitude and longitude. In electrical reports, give latitude and longitude and/or a position with reference to a known landmark also, such as 12 mi S of Dunville. *(5 mi SW of Tampa)* in remarks.