War College Associate Courses At
ASD Termed Highly Successful

The Aeronautical Systems Division at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, is one of four organizations originally selected to participate in a six-month test of the Air University's new accelerated War College associate course. Other bases involved were Langley AFB, Va.; Kirtland AFB, Nebr.; and Maxwell AFB, Ala.

A voluntary program, the new associate course was established for selected active duty senior officers and civil service employees of the Air Force. Since its beginning, the informal course has proved highly successful. It now has officially approved by USAF and is being implemented on a larger scale. Twenty new seminars were established in January, 1962 and more are to follow.

The War College associate course was based on the premise that individuals who participate in the program have a desire to learn in order to improve their capabilities and in facilitating their participation in current military education.

With this in mind, the course was prepared to be presented on a permissive rather than a directed basis. Students who participate are permitted as much latitude as possible in deciding the manner in which the course is conducted.

The course consists of four seminars. Of five months each, tailored along the lines of courses conducted in the War College. Each volume of study in each course is divided into units and each lesson individually. They then pace for a week, two-week seminar, where the study assignment is discussed by all participants in the course.

Seminar discussion groups are conducted under a reading chairmanship. One of the students is at under permanent direction of the senior ranking students. Military participants are lieutenants colonels and above and civils, grades GS 14 and above.

In addition to directed studies, students members must make two 10-minute oral presentations during each two-month period of study. A written report on assigned subjects of 2,000 to 3,000 words is also required at the end of each volume.

Upon finishing the course students are given a test for completion of a

thesis, which must be approved by the Air University. The complete course takes approximately two years.

Seminar number 3, at ASD, has completed the first three volumes and is scheduled to commence the last volume this summer. It will be among the first five in the Air Force to receive recognition for completing a new concept in military education.

The chief reason for the associate course is that many senior officers would find have an opportunity to participate in the War College program because of the limited number of officers selected for the resident course.

This accelerated course reduces the regular course from two to two years. Some of the gross studied under this program include international relations and current world economic elements of strategy, current and future military strategy.

Lt. Nicolai Graduates
505 With Distinction

Lieutenant Irland M. Nicolai, of ASD's Directorate of Advanced Systems Planning, was honored recently upon graduation with distinction from Squadron Officer School, Maxwell AFB, Ala. Lieutenant Nicolai was one of 42, in a class of more than 900 students, who graduated with distinction.

Assigned to ASD's Flight Dynamics Laboratory in August 1957, he attended the University of Oklahoma under AFIT sponsorship and received his M.S. degree in aeronautical engineering. He had received his bachelor's degree from the University of Washington in 1957.

Upon his return to ASD, Lieutenant Nicolai was assigned to the design analysis section of the aerospace vehicle design branch. In this assignment, he conducts design studies of futuristic aerospace vehicles.

Lieutenant Nicolai received commendations from Lt. Gen. Troop Miller, Jr., commander of Maxwell AFB; Maj. Gen. W. A. Davis, former commander of ASD.

Contract To Develop Deep
Space Tracking Ability
Announced By Air Force

The Air Force recently announced award of a $2.8 million contract to Radio Corporation of America, Burlington, Mass., to procure a prototype optical surveillance device which will enable the Air Force to detect and track man-made satellites orbiting out in the distant ranges of the stars.

Personnel of Electronics Systems Division's System 4961 (popularly known as Space Track) will handle procurement and management development of the prototype model.

Besides a powerful telescope, the prototype model will employ the photosensitive surfaces of an image orthicon (TV tube) tube, coupled with data correlation techniques to get a fast readout. The system will like through a portion of the sky observed through the telescope and focused on the face of an image-orthicon tube. The surface is made up of multiple photo-sensitive cells, like a checkerboard or crossroads of the TV tube, with each section resting independently to the amount of light hitting it. Electronic currents, reseling to each individual section, instantaneously relay the message.

Data-processing techniques "read" this message and store it. The incredible swiftness of electronic replaces the former slow development of a chemical product. Further, the data background is cancelled electronically. Then the computer from computes one "look" (scan) with the next so that any man-made object moving in the section under surveillance will be detected.

Extending the range of radar detection, the optical detecting system will not necessarily be restricted to earth satellites.

Rocket Society Speaker

Carl O. Horst, the X-15 research plane's chief engineer at the Aeronautical Systems Division, recently addressed the Northeast Ohio Division of the American Rocket Society at Cleveland, Ohio. He spoke on the contribution of the X-15 to rocketing and aerospace.

Horst told the group that the X-15 is a blend of the ballistic missile and the aeronautical airplane, somewhat like the Inconel X, which is similar to material used in intercontinental missiles.

He has applied for a patent on an aircraft skin based on hypersonic flight mechanisms and has published a book on techniques, "Heating and Ascent." He is also past president of the Dayton Air Society.

His book describes the mechanics of birds in flight and was published by the Stratford Printing Company of Kastelton.

He is chief engineer of the Experimental and Support Systems Office of ASD.

[Photograph showing several people seated at a table in discussion]

Each week, students of the War College Associate Course meet for a two-hour seminar to discuss their studies. From left are Lt. Col. Edward B. Reed, Maj. Dennis H. Johnson and Lt. Col. Phillip J. Lusinka, chairman Floyd Kimber, James L. Hight and Ralph Springer.