[stamp: DECLASSIFIED]

[Redacted letterhead with "COMPANY" and reference number "8-572"]

TAMPA, FLORIDA

[redacted]

AND

[redacted]

November 19, 1962

Captain Raymond Henry
Base Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

Dear Captain Henry:

This will confirm my telephone conversation with you a few moments ago with relation to the unusual sight that my wife and I witnessed this past Saturday evening at approximately 9:00 P.M.

This sight was of such unusual proportions that it is my opinion that it does demand some explanation and some thought and some investigation on the part of the proper agency within our government.

While sitting on an open front porch facing the East, my wife and I witnessed several shooting stars. We suddenly observed what appeared to be an airplane flying at an extremely high altitude approaching our house out of the Northeast. This object appeared to have two extreme wing-lights and one light in the center. We continued to assume the object to be an airplane until we suddenly realized that it was no longer moving. The three lights came to a complete stop in the middle of the sky. To know that they were at a complete stop as I related them in the sky to a post on my front porch and observed in this manner for approximately five minutes. After this lapse of time, the three lights started moving at extremely high speed in the direction of the Southeast. The lights no longer were fixed in position in relation to the other two lights, but varied slightly in the distance between each other as they flew in that direction. They were obviously three different objects, but they were maintaining an approximate formation as they flew. They did not fly in a completely straight line as an airplane would fly, but they seemed to bounce up and down some what as they varied the distance between each other. They were out of sight in approximately three to five minutes. We were positively amazed.

Our farm is situated on [redacted] in Pasco County midway between Brooksville and Dade City.

If it should be within your power to offer some explanation, we certainly would appreciate hearing from you.

Very truly, [redacted]

FLS/bb

WE SELL DEALERS ONLY