Science News Letter for April 28, 1962

ASTRONOMY

X-15 for Star Research

THE HIGH-FLYING research airplane, the X-15, will be used as a platform for studying the stars from above most of the earth's atmosphere.

A new role for the X-15—a base for experiments in astronomic and space sciences—was announced by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in Washington, D.C. Work on one of the primary projects, an experiment in ultraviolet and infrared photography of the stars, has already started.

Scientists at the University of Wisconsin are designing instruments for stellar studies from altitudes above 40 miles. Drs. A. D. Code and F. E. Hoods plan to test current theories of stellar atmospheres by examining the ultraviolet and infrared spectrum from the high-flying X-15. From the earth's surface, ultraviolet light is blocked by atmospheric ozone, but the X-15 can fly above this layer.

One advantage of the X-15 is that the aircraft can be oriented to face the stars. Another is that it can return and repeat the experiment.

Instruments for the "star tracker" include a gimbaled platform containing four cameras, to be mounted in the X-15 instrumentation bay behind the cockpit.

The new program for the X-15 is planned to make use of its capabilities for extremely high speeds and altitudes beyond all but a few miles of the atmosphere. The program adds at least 35 flights to the schedule set originally for X-15 research and may take two years to complete.

There will be a successor to the X-15. No money has yet been allotted in the budget, but plans for this year include completing the study and design of the plane.

The plane, unnamed so far, is expected to have a combination engine such as a turbo-ramjet or turbojet. It will be a non-air-breathing engine that will have some ability to cruise, which the X-15 does not. The plane is expected to be capable of flying higher and faster than the X-15 which once achieved a record height of 217,000 feet and a speed of 4,000 miles an hour.

• Science News Letter, 81-261 April 28, 1962

CHARTS