ground, such concepts as cesium clock, periodic table, covenant bond, colloidal state and free energy.

THE SCIENCE OF OBSERVERS: Adventures in Experimental Psychology—W. N. McBain and J. E. Johnson—Harper, $5.95. Introduces young persons to the methods and experiments used in studying human behavior.

SILENT SPRING—Rachel Carson—Houghton, 368 p., illus. by Lois and Louis Darling, $5. Eloquent protest by a scientist about the indiscriminate use of pesticides that poison birds, fish and other wildlife, and possibly even himself.

THE SPACE INDUSTRY: America's Newest Giant—Editors of Fortune—Prentice-Hall, 128 p., $4.95. A look at the U. S. space effort, from the business and management's point of view.

SPACE AND THE ASTRONOMER—Sverre Petersen—Sci. American Lib., $6.95. Astrophysicist's up-to-date and very readable general account of the observable universe.

TOMOROW'S MATH: Unsolved Problems for the Amateur—Slanley Ogilvy—Oxford Univ. Press, 189 p., $5.95. Text explains in terms intelligible to the layman, some of the analytical, geometrical, topological and arithmetical problems that have been studied so far without success.

TRANSISTOR ELECTRONICS—Paul Penfield, Jr., and Robert P. Rafuse—M.I.T. Press, 623 p., $15. A theoretical study of semiconductor diodes with a nonlinear capacitance usable at microwave frequencies.

WEATHER MODIFICATION: Third Annual Report for Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1961—National Science Foundation—U.S. Govt. paper, 306. Summarizes U.S. weather modification activities and reviews programs in other countries.

WONDERS OF THE FIELDS AND PONDS AT NIGHT—Alice Bernill—David, illus. by author, $5. Tells young readers about small animals at night in the backyard, in the air, underground and at the pond.

THE YOU-MITE—John Muir, notes and introd. by Walter R. Comalye—Doubleday, 225 p., photographs, paper, 95¢. First published in 1912.

* Science News Letter, 82:198 September 22, 1962

TECHNOLOGY

Air-Insulated "Balloon"
Communications Cable

► COMMUNICATIONS cable that looks like linked miniature balloons has been announced by Superior Cable Corporation, Hickory, N. C. and Simplex Wire & Cable Company, Cambridge, Mass. The technique was imported from France.

The "balloon" design, as it is known throughout Europe, makes possible "improved transmission combined with exceptional mechanical strength and anticipated lower costs than coaxial and telephone types now available to U. S. cable users," the announcement said.

Widespread application is expected, according to both Simplex and Superior, for carrying all kinds of information electronically, whether "words, pictures or symbols."

Among volume markets viewed are: telephonic communication, railroad and utility applications; educational, community and closed circuit TV; and long lines carrier systems for both audio and video signal.

* Science News Letter, 82:198 September 22, 1962