Bid Let To Develop
Weather-Safe System
Of Aircraft Control

compact air traffic control system
ide pilots to safe landings in all
t moved closer to reality recently
ward of a $6 million contract to
Radio Corporation of America,
ston, Mass., by the Electronics
ns Division of the Air Force Sys-
Command.

contract calls for one system,
a partial award against an initial
ement for three systems, all to be
ed by the summer of 1965. The
orce visualizes a total requirement
such systems for use at fields
d the world.

ather General Charles H. Ter-
Jr., ESD commander, said the
ency Mission Support System will
the Air Force a mobile control
t compatible with the FAA air
control system. With EMS, air
control communications and navi-
nal aids will be ready for fast
ency in any emergency. Re-
sible for this project is ESD's 4421.
in Program Office, headed by Col.
n F. Peterson.

EMS will be housed in six vans.
van will have its own electrical
supplies, air conditioning, initial
parts, and inter-communication
ent. "The system will be able to
t and land all types of modern air-
ery 2.5 minutes, under condi-
of only 200-foot ceilings and
ible visibility despite fog, moderate
snow," Colonel Peterson said.

of 24 aircraft will be under
e controlled over an airport under
weather conditions and be able to
without delay.

te air transportable system will in-
a prototype ground station for
Radio, visual and instrument
NEVER & IFF for voice comms,
mmunications, and a government
d, van-mounted TACAN navi-
n aid (AN/TRN 17).

Face-Lifting To Add
Radar Tracking Power

Air Proving Ground Center will
t the power of its prime radar
ing stations within the year, it
s recently announced by its PCC.

of the five tracking radars
t on Eglin's Site AFQ will in-
its power output to five megawa-
following an electronics upda-
Later this year. At the present
ts, a 2.5-mw "duplex" dopplered the
is, has a peak power capability of
t—— and do each of the four
rs on the site.

X-20 is also known as "Station
to the men who operate the
t man-in-space tracking net-
lt is the 17th, and last, station
san astronauts pass over before
g earth re-entry from orbit.

the critical last orbits of the
hip 7 and the Aurora 7 space
the C and S Band radars at
t kept an electronic eye on
engine capable of
information on the re-entry path
astronauts.

new increase in power for the
ty will give a corresponding in-
of tracking capability to the sta-

---AFSC BRIEFS---

New Name

Serial Numbers

Dyna-Soar

Birthdays

Self Defense

Silver Wings

Cold War Medal

Voters Should
Check

Help Wanted

First Termers

A change in the official designation of Aerospace
Medicine, located at Brooks AFB, Tex., was re-
cently approved. The Air Force changed Aerospace
Medicine July 1. Location of the school is un-
changed.

May be a thing of the past to future Air Force
members if a study now underway meets with the
approval of the Air Staff. A proposal has been
made to use the Social Security number to identify
Air Force personnel rather than a combination of
that number and the serial number. Sponsors of
the proposal believe that the changeover would
result in a substantial saving in computer or other
mechanized equipment storage. Under the plan,
present members would retain their serial numbers
until separation.

The Air Force's space glider has fallen in line with
the long-standing practice of applying letter-number
designators to operational and experimental vehicles.
The one-man, delta-wing spacecraft will be known
as The X-20. Current plans are for the X-20 to
be launched into orbit by a Titan III booster. Its
capability to fly within and beyond the atmosphere
will make the X-20 the first US aerospace craft.
The X-20 is being developed by Aeronautical Sys-
tems Division.

Both the USAF Air Weather Service and the Ex-
change Service celebrated birthdays during July. Air
Weather Service was 25 years old. When activated
in 1937, AWS operated 40 weather stations with 22
officers and 180 enlisted men. Today there are more
than 400 stations and more than 11,000 military and
civilian personnel. The Post Exchange was estab-
lished in 1893. It took shape as we know it in 1941
and became known as the Base Exchange on Air
Force installations in 1947 when that branch became
a separate service.

Students now enrolled in the Squadron Officer School
are learning the art of Judo from Strategic Air Com-
mand and Air Training Command experts. The new
study was introduced in the class which started last
month.

Apparently hold a lot of speed for Air Force Acad-
emy cadets. Statistics reveal that more than 87
percent of this year's graduating class elected to go
into pilot training as the first step in their Air Force
career. Of 289 graduates 251 chose that route toward
career advancement. A total of 15 cadets elected
to pursue further academic training through the Air
Force Institute of Technology. Annapolis and West
Point are sending much more interested in AFI1.
Of 62 West Pointers entering the Air Force 15 are
enrolled for courses. Twenty-three of the 80
Annapolis graduates are also enrolled.

Criteria for award of the Armed Forces Expedition-
ary Medal, recently established by the Department
of Defense, includes service in Berlin, Lebanon,
Quemoy-Matsu, the Taiwan Straits, the Congo, Laos
and Vietnam. The medal was authorized by Presi-
dent Kennedy last December. Medal and ribbon,
design still under study, are not expected to be avail-
able for issue until early 1963.

With lose or unit voting officers to see if recent
changes in rules on general elections, primaries and
local elections effect them. Changes have also been
made in base directives on the procedures to follow
in absentee voting: registering to vote and certain
vote qualifications.

The USAF Recruiting Service is advertising for re-
cruiter salesmen. These are especially needed in
some areas. Airmen have a better chance of getting
the duty if they seek jobs in the shortage areas and
apply for areas in different geographical locations.
Jobs go to the best qualified.

Should take a word here before visitors see that they
do not intend to re-enlist. Despite rumors that airmen
are not subject to a comeback. He USAF says that
when an airman goes on record as declining that
decision is considered binding. Under present rules,
the decision is made eight months before expiration
date.