This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. government investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

April 3, 1966
370 E. Windsor Avenue,
Lombard, Illinois

The Hon. Gerald Ford, Minority Leader, (R. Mich.)
House of Representatives,
Washington, D. C.

Subject: Unidentified Aerial Phenomena

Dear Sirs:

I have been reading articles in various newspapers concerning your interest in the investigation by a Committee of the Congress to prove the UFO sightings in Michigan and other parts of the nation.

Both my husband and myself had occasions, four years ago, of witnessing the same flying object, lasting approximately 45 minutes, to what we seemed to be a large, very bright, shiny metallic object, hovering over our home near Carpentersville, Illinois, though we should advise you of what we saw. The following:
Four years ago, my husband and I were on a fishing vacation at Ox Bow Lake, near Presque Isle, Wisconsin-Michigan border. We noticed a large, bright object hovering over the Highland woods, some 8 miles away. It was shaped like a football, and as we were watching it, it suddenly took off at a fantastic speed, and was gone. This occurred about 10:30 P.M.; it was completely dark, but the sky was very clear, which was ideal for such observation.

I was looking straight out over the expanse of water and sky, when suddenly appearing from the direction of Escanaba, Michigan, was a very bright and large, sparkling, glittering object. Based on a spiral very speedy course, it was mid-way between the horizon and our viewpoint. It was one of the most magnificent sights we have ever seen. As soon as it came into view, just as suddenly, it was gone. We could not understand or explain this, and then suddenly all was dark; it was dark in a flash, but did not fade out of our sight; it just became absolutely dark. We were very puzzled about this bright light at the end when it suddenly was nothing as when I first sighted it.

This bright, starlike phenomena was very close to us; and it seemed illuminated and aglow like a football or sun-fish, was very good-sized. It was shiny like a mirror and seemed to flashing or sparkling. Its color was at times copper, green and gold. It remained still for some time, in a stationary position, then suddenly took off at a fantastic speed and was gone. This was hard for us to fathom; it seemed so close, yet it disappeared so quickly. We do not believe under any circumstances that we saw a natural phenomenon, or a meteor. We are convinced that this is something strange and unusual, beyond the reactions of any known aircraft, and possesses self-controlled course, straight, and had all the aspects of a controlled flying object.

We would appreciate your acknowledging this letter and information sent you. Thanking you, we are,

Yours Truly,
Major Hector Quintanilla, Chief of the Project Blue Book Office
Colonel Richard H. Bolley
Dayton, Ohio