THE READER'S DIGEST

shared with millions a day of miracles. There was beauty. "I don't know what you can say about a day in which you have seen four beautiful sunsets," Glenn said later, "—there in orbit, and one after I was back." There was the wonder of weightlessness. "This," said Glenn, "is something you could get addicted to." And there was danger: "This could have been a bad day all the way around."

Early World. After lift-off, the next crucial stage of the flight was the expansion of rocket and capsule at the proper angle to put Glenn into his programmed orbit. When his orbit was confirmed at Cape Canaveral, Glenn jubilantly radioed back: "Capsule is turning around. Oh, that view is tremendous! I can see the booster doing turnarounds just a couple of hundred yards behind. Cape is go and I am go."

As he began to cross Africa, Glenn set out to test his reactions to the eerie world of weightlessness. He shook his head violently to see if the motion would induce space sickness. Nothing happened. "I have had no ill effects at all from zero G," he reported. "It's very pleasant, as a matter of fact. Visual acuity is still excellent. No nausea or discomfort whatsoever."

Glenn had with him a small hand camera to take pictures through his window. "It seemed perfectly natural rather than put the camera away, I just put it out in mid-air and let go of it." With the camera suspended as though on an invisible shelf, he

went on with other work, then reached back and plucked the camera out of the air.

Soaring over the Indian Ocean, Glenn began his first night in space. The stars were bright diamonds on black velvet. "If you've been out in the desert on a very clear, brilliant night when there's no moon and the stars seem to jump out at you, that's just about the way they look."

As he approached Australia, Glenn radioed Astronaut Gordon Cooper in the tracking station at Muchea: "That was about the shortest day I've ever run into. Just to my right, I can see a big pattern of light, apparently right on the coast." The glow was the city of Perth, which had prepared a welcome for Glenn that was also a test of his night vision. Streetlights were ablaze. Householders turned on their porch lights, spread sheets in their yards as reflectors. When the lights were explained to him, Glenn radioed Cooper: "Thank everybody for turning them on, will you?"

Then, in the first moments of dawn, Glenn saw a fantastic sight. At first he thought "that the capsule had gone up while I wasn't looking and that I was looking into nothing but a new star field. There were thousands of little particles outside the cabin. They were a bright yellowish-green, about the size and intensity of a firefly on a real dark night. As far as I could look off to each side, I could see them."

Glenn speculated that the particles might be the cloud of needles

May