The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a reported UFO sighting.

The text in the document reads:

Were you in a position where you could watch the ground? Looking down, I did not see any ground immediately under me because the aircraft I was in was still in about a 30 degree bank, and the entire area below was black. I couldn't distinguish unless there were lights on the ground and by looking out and down, I saw this object that gave an impression as any more light when the object was sighted.

And we got in a position where we could watch it, and to the best of my knowledge, there were no obstructions in the sky; there were no clouds, there was no rain, there was nothing that could have obscured the object in any manner at the time you say this object that it must have been there.

And I can't say that the object was between you and the mountains? It was in front of the mountains and it was lower than the mountains to the north. Our position, it was illuminated more than the surrounding mountains when the object disappeared. Could you estimate the time the object disappeared? Just approximate time to the best of your knowledge-of 10 seconds. We did watch it as we started to turn, we had turned approximately 30 degrees when it disappeared.

And what happened on the turn, what direction did you observe? We had turned approximately 30 degrees, the object seemed to disappear closer to a minute or a little bit loss or a little bit more.

Regarding the time did the object seem to disappear? I would say it was about 10 seconds or longer.

And how long would that have been from the time the object first appeared to the time it disappeared? As I say, the object for not more than two seconds. I think this was very difficult to ascertain. I wouldn't have been in a position to estimate how long the object appeared.

Would you give the type and number of your aircraft? Our call sign for the flight was "drunk 33." There were five persons aboard the aircraft.

And the heading, do you recall the heading the aircraft was on at the time of this incident? The heading was 045 degrees, and the speed was 170.

And the direction of travel, is this affirmative? That is affirmative.

And regard to the date, is this April 15 April, the Zulu time would have been...? Local time was 2019 hours.