Given Top Award
Skiing Activities

Three days prior to an actual flight. The
Skis put on a special physical fitness
display and conducted a parade for the
spectators.

At their destination, the Philmont
Scout Ranch at Cimarron—12,000
acres of rugged country on the slopes
of the Sangre de Cristo Range of the
great Rocky Mountain Chain—the boys
set to use their scouting skills when
they consulted their American pioneer fore-
fathers by living off the wilderness with
only belongings on their backs.
They hiked some 150 miles through
the land of Kit Carson and the Indians
and spent weeks in the Rocky Moun-
tains. As their leader, [illegible]'s respon-
sibilities were heavy. "It's a tough trip
[illegible] completed without trouble of any
kind.

Johnson lives in Windsor Locks,
Conn., with his wife, Tec, and their
two children, John, 15, and Mary, 13.
The whole family is interested in out-
door activities and the children are
active Scouts.

ASD Man Earns Award
For IFF Systems Work

Robert W. Stanford, of the Director-
ate of Operational Support Engineer-
ing, Aeronautical Systems Division,
recently received a special act or service
award of $300. The award was
presented to him for his work on the
Mark X identification friend or foe
(IFF) system.

Stanford was one of two representa-
tives for the Air Force at a series of
technical meetings lasting 18 months.
At the conclusion of the meetings,
the "Satin Fix," developed by Mert
Smith, Rome Air Development Center,
was accepted for Canadian United
Kingdom-United States military and
civil IFF systems. This system was
chosen over a number of other inter-
national proposals.

Stanford also has been recommended
for the Exceptional Civilian Service
Award for his part in obtaining final
agreement on military characteristics of
the IFF system. He was instrumental
in showing conference members that
the "Satin Fix" could be easily modified
to meet USAFairborne sets.

An electronics engineer in the tele-
communications branch, he started his
career at ASD in 1944 as a chief engi-
neering aide in the Aircraft Radio Lab-
oratory.

Patrick Officer Cited
For Authoring Books
On Space Capability

Lieutenant Walter M. Ryland III was
recently honored with the AFSC
Junior Officer Noteworthy Achievement
Award. He is assigned to the Office of
Information, Air Force Missile Test
Center.

Lieutenant Ryland was nominated
under the Junior Officer Noteworthy
Accomplishment Program which was
undertaken to recognize the accomplis-
ments of young officers in AFSC.
Colonel H. A. Schroer, AFSC com-
mander, in a personal letter to Lieuten-
ant Ryland, wrote: "Your commander
has informed me that you recently dis-
tinguished yourself by writing two
books on missile and space activities of
the Air Force Missile Test Center. . ."

Lieutenant Ryland's first book, "Cape
Canaveral," was published by Nelson
Doubleday, Inc., Garden City, N.Y.
The book was accepted by the Doubleday Science Program book club and
distributed to its 100,000 members. He
has completed the manuscript of another book, "Spaceport," which will
be published under the same program.
"These two books," General Schroer
said, "provide a strong contribution to
the mission for military space capability.
I commend you for the outstanding
creative and executive abilities demon-
strated in composing these works and
for your exceptional ability and dedica-
tion evidenced in their publication."

RADC Wins Safety Award

The Air Force has awarded a Flying
Safety Plaque, one of its highest flying
safety awards, to Rome Air Develop-
ment Center.

RADC compiled more than 23,000
accident-free flying hours from July 1,
1958 through Dec. 31, 1961.

The center's electronics research and
development operations require exten-
sive flying, much of it to other conti-
nents.

RADC currently has 22 pilots. They
fly 13 aircraft, including Boeing KC-135
Stratotankers, Martin B-57s, twin-engine
Cessna C-45s, Douglas C-47s, Lock-
heed T-33 Shooting Stars, and liaison
DHG-Beecraft L-20 Beavers.

[Below are photographs with captions:]

Master Sergeant J. H. Woodard
(right) accepts congratulations of Col.
W. H. Cleveland, Air Force Missile
Development Center deputy com-
mander. Sergeant Woodard, a former
AFB first sergeant, recently earned
his commandant's Award at the AFSC
Senior NCO Academy.

Former assistant to the vice commander
of AFSC, Col. Thomas P. Corwin is
decorated by Gen. B. A. Schriever,
AFSC commander. Before Colonel Cor-
win left AFSC for duty as vice com-
mander of the Air Force Accounting
and Finance Center, he was awarded an
Oak Leaf Cluster to his Legion of
Merit.

Squadron Leader Peter R. Mayle (left),
an RAF officer attached to Aeronautical
Systems Division's Reconnaissance Lab-
oratory, has been named a member of
the Most Excellent Order of the British
Empire by Queen Elizabeth II. The
award, which is the first of two of these
leading to Knighthood, was received by
Squadron Leader Mayle. Colonel also at
ASD, last year.

A woman from the Air Force Missile
Development Center to graduate from
"Economics of National Security"
correspondence course is Gertrude M.
[illegible] (left) receiving her diploma
from Lt. Col. Alfred B. Berglid, chief
of administrative services at
AFMDC. The intensive year's course
was conducted by the Industrial College
of the Armed Forces (Correspondence
Division, Washington, D. C. Miss
[illegible] has been a civilian employee at
AFMDC since 1947. She is publicize-
ation manager in the office of adminis-
trative services.

James S. Boney of Normandy, Tenn., a
new appointee to the Air Force
Academy at Colorado Springs, visits
Walt Glen, Griffiss L. Peters, com-
mander of Arnold Engineering Develop-
ment Center, prior to reporting to the
Academy. General Rogers, a graduate
of the U.S. Military Academy in 1934,
discussed cadet life with Jim and some
of his colleagues who were doing at
Arnold Center on Project Mercury.

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962