Lauded For
ss Service

Patrick Wives Club
Gives 4 Scholarships

Four of this year's scholarship
scholarships totaling $1,150 from the
Patrick AFB Officers Wives Club.
Marilee Dunlap, daughter of MSgt.
and Mrs. Elwood B. Dunlap, received
$400 scholarship. She plans to attend
Brigham Young University to major in
psychology.
Patricia Adams, daughter of MSgt.
and Mrs. William D. Adams, plans to
use her $200 grant to attend Howard
Jr. College, majoring in journalism
Robert Larry Rhodes, son of SFC
Robert M. Rhodes and Mrs. John
O'Connor, will attend Florida State
University and plans to apply his $400
grant toward a degree in either chemi-
cal or aeronautical engineering.
Home builder, son of TSgt. and Mrs.
William F. Butler, plans to use his $150
at the University of Florida where he
will study civil engineering.
Final selections for the scholarships
was made by Woodrow J. Darden,
superintendent of Brevard County
Schools, and a committee of educators.

Mrs. Dale D. Thornogate, recently
named Family Services coordinator at
Patrick AFB reads to her children,
Clap and Cathy, from one of six books
donated for the PS play area. The play
area is being established to provide
children "old-supervised" activity while
parents sign in at Patrick.

Joined For Disaster Aid

Through efforts of a civic-minded
group at Patrick AFB, the Cape Canav-
eral Chapter of the National Defense
Transportation Association was organ-
ized on Oct. 13, 1960.
Members of the group headed by
Capt. Jean P. Feigenbaum, traffic man-
agement section chief, banded together
to enhance prompt assistance in any
period of disaster affecting the Canav-
eral area or the National Defense
Program.
The chapter is made up of Patrick
military and civilian personnel along
with members of the trasportation in-
dustry.
In the event of a disaster the NDTA
members will coordinate all transpor-
tation agencies, Motor, Rail, Bus, Air
and Vans in conjunction with the Air
Force and Red Cross in the evacuation
of refugees.

[blank space]

Capt. Anthony C. Benjes, Jr., base projects chairman (right), offers her con-
gratulations to four students who won Officers Wives Club scholarships at
Patrick AFB. They are (from left) Robert Rhodes, Marilee Dunlap, Lorne
Butler, and Patricia Adams.

the veteran-parent's death resulted
in performance of duty or from
hazardous service during peace-
time the child is not included. In
the fact that they are married
while the living parent may as "in
loco parentis."
"This does not affect eligibility
on or daughter of a serviceman.
'hild is responsible to his servi-
ceman for the educational bene-
fit he or she is between 18 or
sis of age.
"In fact their living parent,
their mother, has remarried
'er stepfather has legally adopted
makes some children believe they
eight.
marriage of the living parent and
sequent adoption does not affect
ability of the children.
"Fact that many children do
on, nor are prepared, for educa-
s the college level makes some
'they cannot take advantage of
ugh trained for a high school
's not permitted, eligible chil-
take vocational courses and
ncollege training that will help
in a living.
VA says it will be glad to spell
War Orphan Educational Pro-
oming in detail at 1,980 children
an advantage of this program.

Recently elected officers of the Edwards AFB Officers Wives Club are
(from left) Norma Douglas, president; Jackie Benn, vice-president; Bonnie
Phillips, corresponding secretary; and Sally Semler, treasurer. Fran Palifu,
recording secretary.

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962