ECMR Employee Given Top Award
For Work In Scouting Activities

An employee of the Hartford, Conn., Air Force Contract Management Office has been given national recognition for his outstanding service to the Boy Scouts of America.

The highest award any Boy Scout Council can present to an adult for distinguished service, the Silver Beaver, has been presented to Charles B. Johnson, assistant chief of quality control at Hartford.

His award was official recognition of his outstanding and outstanding career of dedication to the youth of America. Over the past 15 years, he has served as Boy Scout leader, junior and senior scout leader, scoutmaster and district chairman. At present he is serving as assistant District of Connecticut as a member of the district's council ring staff, and an active participant on its health and safety committee. Johnson spends most of his free time, including evenings and weekends, to make better citizens out of the young people he works with. Each year he spends two weeks as an instructor at the Girl Scout and Boy Scout aquatic camp. The scouts are expertly instructed in swimming, life saving, boating, canoeing and sailing.

Within the greater Hartford area he also courses for the American National Red Cross in water safety, boating, safety and first aid. This enabled him to teach children of the area benefit greatly from a special 12-week first aid therapy and rescue from special 12-week first aid therapy and rescue swimming.

One of the highlights of Johnson's scouting career was the Pioneer Trek expedition last summer. He organized and led a group of 36 scouts and explorers on a 21-day trip from Hartford to Cimarron, N.M.

Special events and trips were provided by the United States Air Force ROTC, the Air Force Academy. At each stop, the Air Force provided an escorted tour of the facility, dining and lodging.

At the Air Force Academy the scouts' special presentation on an aeronautic trip into space just

[IMAGE: Black and white portrait photograph of Charles B. Johnson]

three days prior to an actual flight. The cadets put on a special physical fitness display and conducted a parade for the scouts.

At their destination, the Philmont Scout Range at Cimarron—127,000 acres of rugged country on the slope of the Sangre de Cristo Range of the Rocky Mountain Chain—the boys put to use their scouting skills as they emulated their American pioneer forefathers by living of the wilderness with their belongings on their backs.

They hiked some 150 miles through the land of Kit Carson and the Indians to the great peaks of the Rocky Mountains. As their leader, Johnson's responsibilities were heavy. Yet the whole trip was completed without trouble of any kind.

Johnson lives in Windsor Locks, Conn., with his wife, Inez, and their two children, John, 15, and Mary, 13. The whole family is interested in outdoor activities and the children are active scouts.

---

ASD Man Earns Award
For IFF Systems Work

Robert W. Stanford, of the Directorate of Operational Support-Engineering, Aeronautical Systems Division, recently received a special act of service award of $300. The award was presented to him for his work on the IFF identification friend or foe system.

Stanford was one of two representatives from the Air Force at a series of technical meetings lasting 18 months, which culminated with the meetings on the "Serin Fox," developed by Norp Sericia Spares Center was accepted for Canadian-United Nations-based military and civil IFF systems. This system was chosen over a number of other international proposals.

Stanford also has been recognized for the Exceptional Civilian Service Award for his prior to obtaining joint agreement on military characteristics of the IFF system. He was instrumental in showing conference members that the Serin Fox could be easily adopted into USAF airborne sets.

After electronic services in the communications branch, he started his career at ASD in 1944 as a chief engineer at the Aircraft Radio Laboratory.

[PHOTOGRAPH: Master Sergeant J. H. Woodard (right) accepts congratulations of Col. W. H. Cleveland, Air Force Missile Development Center deputy commander. Sergeant Woodard, a Holloman AFB first sergeant, recently earned his Commando's Award at the AFSC Senior NCO Academy.]

[PHOTOGRAPH: Former assistant to the vice commander of AFSC, Col. Thomas P. Corbin is congratulated by AFSC commander, Brig. Gen. Horace M. Griffith, as Col. Arthur C. Diller of AFTAC in the background. He was awarded an Oak Leaf Cluster to his Legion of Merit.]

[PHOTOGRAPH: First woman from the Air Force Missile Development Center to graduate from the "Economics of National Security" correspondence course is Gertrude L. Snyder (left) receiving her diploma from Col. William I. Stafford, director of administrative services at MDAC. The intensive year's course is conducted by the Industrial College of the Armed Forces, Correspondence Division, Washington, D.C. Miss Snyder is employed in the office of administrative services.]

[PHOTOGRAPH: Squadron Leader Peter M. Nolan of the RAF officer assigned to Aeronautical Laboratory, has been named a member of the Noel Coward Club of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II. His wife and their children look at the steps leading to heightened war record made by Squadron Leader Edward T. Catton, of the RAF, at ASD last year.]