EDITORIAL

[photograph: black-and-white portrait of a military officer in uniform]

Effects Of Nuclear Weapons

One of the reasons for this year's series of US atmospheric nuclear tests, as President Kennedy said last March, was to advance our knowledge of nuclear weapon effects.

This knowledge is extremely important to the Air Force Systems Command because our weapon systems must operate effectively in a nuclear environment and they must be effective against enemy weapon systems.

A clear understanding of nuclear effects is necessary to solutions of problems related to survival of the retaliatory force's hardened missile and communications sites, to destruction of enemy re-entry vehicles, and to hardening of our re-entry vehicles against enemy ICBM systems.

When the moratorium on nuclear testing began in 1958, it was, of course, necessary to redirect the Air Force Special Weapons Center's nuclear effects research program. Faced with urgent requirements for effects data, the Special Weapons Center had, where possible, to find ways other than by actual testing, to provide the needed information.

The Center made significant progress in finding new sources of effects data during the moratorium years. A great many theoretical investigations were conducted with the aid of high speed digital computers. Laboratory simulation techniques were developed as a relatively inexpensive means of studying certain effects.

Literally hundreds of experiments, which could be considered as small scale effects tests, have been conducted at the Center. The experiments all have been non-nuclear and have taken place under controlled laboratory conditions. Many more will take place in the months to come as we begin operations in our new nuclear warfare research laboratory.

Nuclear effects research has had and will continue to have an impact throughout AFSC. As President Kennedy said:

"We are spending great sums of money in order to tailor our defense and to develop possible anti-missile systems . . . on the communications which enable our command and control centers to direct a response . . . on hardening our missile sites . . . shielding our missiles and warheads from defensive action and providing them with electronic guidance systems to find their targets.

"But we cannot be certain how much of this preparation will turn out to be useless; blacked out, paralyzed or destroyed by the complex effects of nuclear explosions."

Along with full scale tests like those conducted in the Pacific this year, Special Weapons Center theoretical work and laboratory effects simulation will help provide the certainty that the Air Force must have that its weapons and equipment will be able to survive and operate in the environment of a nuclear detonation, whether on earth or in space.

Brig. Gen. John W. White
Commander, AFSWC

A★F★
newsre[view]

AUGUST, 1962

The AFSC NEWSREVIEW is an official Gen. Class IV Air Force newspaper, pub-lished monthly by and for personnel Maj. of the Air Force Systems Command. Opinions expressed herein are Col. not necessarily represent those of the Air Force. Information contained in the Maj. AFSC NEWSREVIEW may be repro- Chief duced provided proper credit is given Stat. to the source. Official USAF photos un-less otherwise indicated. Marc

Contents

Patrick AFB Solves Holiday Road Haz-They stay at home and like it

Man's 'Pressurability' Tested . . . . .
How well will he withstand spac

Preparing Atlas Boosters For Manned
Air Force experts leave nothing

Aerospace Education Conference Hel
Base-community venture to fulfil

Second Bionics Symposium Stated . .
ASD and Dayton, Ohio will be t

War College Associate Courses Called
Being established on nation-wide

Grooming Pilots For Leading Space I
Curriculum and philosophy shop

BSD Officer Earns Doctorate . . . . .
A 20-year educational haul pays

Bootstrapper Enrolled In Advanced R
One of 22 pursuing graduate stu

ECMR Man Awarded Top Scouting
Wins 'Silver Beaver' for long, ot

Operations . . . . . . . . 6    AFSC Briefs . . . . . . . .
Management . . . . . . . . 14   Safety Crossover . . . . . .

Hq AFSC, Andrews AFB, Washi

AFSC Deputy Commander
Aerospace Systems
Los Angeles 45, Calif.

Ballistic Systems Division,
Los Angeles 45, Calif.

Space Systems Division,
Los Angeles 45, Calif.

Electronic Systems Division,
L. G. Hanscom Field,
Bedford, Mass.

Aeronautical Systems Division,
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Aero-Space Technology Division,
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Aerospace Medical Division,
Brooks AFB, Tex.

Research and Technology Division,
Bolling AFB, Wash. 25, D. C.

AF Missile Test Center,
Patrick AFB, Fla.

Air P
Engil

AF S
Speci
Area

AF I
Reali
Emir

AF E
Equip
Engin

AF I
Missi
Agrar
Aero

U.S. Air Force—Aerospace