The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document contains a questionnaire with questions related to the sighting of a UFO, such as the speed, distance, and location of the object, as well as the observer's actions and observations.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES - No - If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? approx. 600 ft.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES - No - If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approx. 2,000 ft
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other Interior of building
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city b. In the residential section of a city c. In open country d. Near an airfield e. Flying over open country f. Other 9. Other - interior of building
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle all that apply) a. Eyeglasses Yes (No) b. Sun glasses Yes (No) c. Windshield Yes (No) d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes (No) f. Telescope Yes (No) g. Camera h. Other Plain eye sight
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words your observation of the object or objects which pleased up in the sky. would give the same appearance as this:
If you can find more could put it over or they would put fire put-

The full text of the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes (No) If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? approx. 600 ft.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) (Yes) No - If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approx. 2,000 ft
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other Interior of building 
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city b. In the residential section of a city c. In open country d. Near an airfield e. Flying over open country f. Other 9. Other - interior of building
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) (Yes) No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle all that apply) a. Eyeglasses (Yes) b. Sun glasses (Yes) c. Windshield (Yes) d. Window glass (Yes) No e. Binoculars (Yes) f. Telescope (Yes) g. Camera h. Other Plain eye sight
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words your observation of the object or objects which pleased up in the sky. would give the same appearance as this: If you can find more could put it over or they would put fire put-