The image contains three illustrations or diagrams related to a reported UFO sighting. The text describes the encounter experienced by Mario Zuccala, including details about the object he witnessed and its movements. The diagrams appear to be sketches or renderings of the UFO as described in the text.

UFO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review, July, Aug 62
TOSCAN, ITALY
10 APR 62

Mario Zuccala's Strange Encounter
By Deccarelli Silvano

The author of this article was asked by Professor Piovani, Director of the C.G.R.* [Centro di ricerca sulla gravita] Investigations Society, to write about his death which occurred Italy's greatest scholars and leaders in this field. The following incident was fully reported in a magazine in Rome intelligence periodical and is published here in an abridged form.

On April 10, 1962, and Signor Zuccala was returning home from his work as supervisor of public works. At about 5:45 in the evening, when he was just a few blocks from home, he noticed a strange object in the sky. It appeared to be hovering and emitting a brilliant white light. Zuccala stopped to observe the object more closely. 

As he watched, the object began moving rapidly, zigzagging back and forth. Zuccala described the object as being about 30 meters in diameter and shaped like two saucers joined at the rim. The object moved silently and appeared to be surrounded by a hazy, luminous field. At one point, the object stopped and hovered for a moment, then shot off at a tremendous speed.

Zuccala was both amazed and frightened by what he had witnessed. As the object disappeared, he hurried home, still shaken by the experience. The next day, he reported the incident to the local authorities.

The images show three diagrams or sketches related to Zuccala's description of the UFO he observed. The first diagram depicts a saucer-shaped object with a rim. The second diagram shows the object with two hemispheres joined at the rim. The third diagram shows the object in motion, emitting a bright light and moving rapidly.