On Bionics
Next Year

of advancements—both for military use and the welfare of man in Major emphasis, at present, is rorition handling, such as ar-r, processing, storage and utili-d ati.
Air Force called the first sym-to determine w h e r e the continuity stood in regard to programs. The upcoming meet-deal with more specific topics.
of the symposium will iation Processing by Living 'ead Machines." The must-ature concepts and the strate-cal organization systems; the levels of information.
p signs, and physical analysis hods are being examined," and and applications of these.
d and mechanisms man's

l paper will be presented ntechnical sessions. Topics for re sessions will be "Signal Recep-Living Organisms," "Informa-eessings by Living Organisms," 'cal Principles of Bionics," and ction of Bionic Concepts." Con-t papers also will be presented neral area of bionics.
John E. Keto, chief scientists for ill be symposium directors. Col. I. Kartens, Aerospace Medical s Laboratories' commander, will sssian and Lt. Col. Leonard M. Jr., chief of Electron's Tech-Laboratory's bionics and com-arch will set up his deputy.
Hans Oestreicher, Aerospace t Research Laboratories, and J Butsch are co-chairmen of the al committee.
stration at the Biltmore Hotel in is scheduled for Monday, after-March 18.
re interested in attending the ium may contact Commander, aical Systems Division, Hq sI-3, Lt. Col. L. M. Busch, Jr., atterson Air Force Base Ohio.

APGC Closes An Era
rith Last QF-30 Flight

'n ended at Air Proving Grounds cently with the last QF-30 ion being flown over the ulf of Mex Range, according to M. Blackwell, 2305th d.
321st and final QF-30 drone wy flown with Capt. Ralph W. ter piloting the I-33 control air-d Capt. Owen C. Davis, Jr., ting the OP-30 from the front
drone was retrieved and returned n by the team of Captain Hay-ed Davis, while a second T-33 used, in reserve.
DF-30 era began April 8, 1951 Of-33 flow in Operation Upcom-al tracts at in the Pacific. I-33 is a trainer version of the neeting Star.)
g the last decade OP-80's have en by three squadrons under cherine 3505th Drone Group.

New WCIAR Chief Formally
Directed ATIS Ailios Program

Colonel John J. Zischler, recently assumed command of the Western Contract Management Region replac-ing Brig. Gen. Gerald F. Kesling. General Kesling moved into the director of procurement position at Hq AFSC, effective July 15.

General Kesling was the initial commander of WCMR, which was formed July 1, 1960. Prior to that assignment he was the Air Force plant representative at North American Aviation, Inc., in Los Angeles.

Colonel Zischler previously was the Atlas program director of the Ballistic Systems Division. At WCMR he will command an organization which is responsible for the expenditure of 55 billion dollars per year, nearly one-fifth of the total Air Force budget.

WCMR personnel administer con-tracts with civilian industry of eleven western states, plus Alaska and Hawaii. WCMR also has an integral part in the missile production and site activa-tion programs of the Air Force, re-gardless of geographical location.

New AUSC deputy chief of staff for plans, Maj. Gen. W. B. Keese was formerly director of development plan-ning at Hq USAF. He was assigned to his new position effective July 1. He replaces Maj. Gen. James F. Whitenand who has been assigned as assistant deputy chief for research and tech-nology at Hq USAF.

Brigadier General Allman T. Cuthbert-son, Aeronautical Systems Division vice commander, is being reassigned to Air Force Logistics Command. He will assume duty as deputy commander on August 15. Going to APGC with Gen-eral Cuthertson will be his wife, the former Argie Sullivan of Piketon, La., and their two sons Engene and Robert.

Dr. Charles L. Bernier has been ap-pointed director of the Armed Services Technical Information Agency. In announc-ing the appointment, Col. James O. Vann, ASTIA commander, said, "Dr. Bernier's previous experience of many years as editor of Chemical Abstracts and the capabilities he has shown as technical advisor to ASTIA these past six months, make this assignment a very important one for the agency as it enters an era of unprecedented expansion."

NCO's Earn Cash Awards

Three sergeants assigned to the Aero-nautical Systems Division have received cash awards for suggestions. They are MSgt. Donald A. Vorhies, TSgt. Donald J. Wolf and Sgt. LeRoy Sheperd.

Sergeant Vorhies received an initial award of $50 for suggesting that a re-mote control camera mount be built to handle two 3D-TV cameras. His sug-gestion enables cameras to be adjusted to any position and any distance from the object being photographed in a reactor area.

An award of $7.50 was granted to Sergeant Sheperd for his suggestion to relocate fuel points on a circulating power supply. Estimated savings from of $349.37 have been realized from adoption of the suggestion.

Sergeant Wolf received an award of $3 for suggesting that a contractor lit-ting be added to limit air pressure socks on portions used during long term high altitude flying tests.

---

[stamp: Agc NEWS STORY, AUGUST 1962]