1962                    JOHN GLENN AND HIS DAY OF MIRACLES                    63

like all of you who worked on it to
feel that I am your representative.
I'm getting the attention for all
of the thousands of you who worked
on it."

In terms of national prestige,
Glenn's flight put the United States
back into the space race with a
vengeance, and gave the morals of
the entire free world a huge and
badly needed boost. Contrasted with
earlier Russian shots, it was a great
victory for the open society that
produced Glenn—and proved the
wisdom, in terms that Woodrow
Wilson might have used, of "open
skies openly viewed."

Technically, it justified and re-
deemed the long labors, careful
planning and exacting standards of
the U.S. space program, into which
the nation has hopefully poured
several billion dollars.

For man himself, it produced
one valuable lesson. Because the
Russians released little data about
astronauts Gagarin and Titov, the
world now knew with certainty
for the first time that, at least for
the period Glenn spent in space, a
healthy and well-conditioned man
can live in the forces of gravity and
weightlessness with no ill effects. By
taking over the controls himself and
proving that man can "fly" a capsule
through space, Glenn also struck a
blow for man's genius and versa-
tility, answering the critics who

claim that instruments can do any-
thing better in space than man. Said
Glenn, "Now we can get rid of some
of that automatic equipment and
let man take over."

The Enormity of Space. For the
United States Glenn's flight is only
the beginning. After at least four
more three-orbit flights, U.S. space
officials plan to send an astronaut
on an 18-orbit shot sometime late
this year or early in 1963. With more
powerful rockets under develop-
ment, the United States hopes to
launch two-man capsules by 1964,
keep them in orbit for as long as
two weeks. (U.S. scientists estimate
that the Soviet Union may try a two-
man orbital flight almost any day.)
Most ambitious of foreseeable U.S.
space flights is Project Apollo, which
aims at putting three men on the
moon—and bringing them back—
by 1968.

At his first press conference, John
Glenn emphasized the point that the
exploration of space is still in its
primitive stages. If the diameter of
the earth were scaled down to about
80 inches, he said, his flight had
brought us only 1 1/3 inches above
it. "If you think of the enormity of
space, it makes our efforts seem
puny. But these are all step-by-
step functions we go through. The
manned flights we've had to date
have added information. This flight,
I hope, added a bit more."

—Abbé Georges Lemaitre: "I do not believe that God ever intended
to disclose to man what man could find out for himself."  — [illegible]