There does not appear to be any photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text related to Project Blue Book and guidelines for reporting UFO sightings. 

Producing the text found in the document:

AFR 200-2
Example: 89 45N, 192 71W for 39 45N, 102 21W.
a. Identifying Information:
(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation or reliability.
(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and contact for reliability.
b. Weather and Winds: Aloft Conditions at time and Place of Sightings:
(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.
(2) Report from nearest AWS or U. S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000'.
(3) Ceiling.
(4) Visibility.
(5) Amount of cloud cover.
(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.
c. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting. 
1. Interception or Identification action taken if such action is authorized observer feasible, and in compliance with existing air defense directives.
2. Location, approximate attitude, and general direction of travel of any air, ground or balloon sighting which might possibly be related for the sighting.
k. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting. (See paragraph 16.)
16. Comments of Preparing Officer. The preparing officer will make a preliminary analysis and a comment on the possible cause or identity of the object. His is reporting the information and his comments and analysis. He will make every effort to obtain pertinent information and to test all possible hypotheses concerning the identity or explanation of the sighting. (See paragraph 5.) The preparing officer who receives the report initially is in a much better position to conduct an "on-the-spot" investigation than those who may be far removed from the area.
17. Classification. Do not classify reports unless data required in paragraph 14 is present, and reports primarily to protect data reveal only minimum essential information.
a. Names of sources reporting UFOs and other principals involved, if so requested by these persons or considered necessary;
b. Intelligence, investigative, interceptor, or analytical methods or procedures;
c. Location of radar and other classified sites, units, and equipment;
d. Information on certain types, characteristics, and capabilities of classified aircraft, missiles, or devices that may be involved in the sighting.
18. Reporting Physical Evidence. Report promptly the existence of physical evidence (photographs, scientific tests or measurements) relating to the AFSDC IF Aerial Phenomena Branch.
a. Photographs:
(1) Still Photographs. Forward the negative and two prints. Title the prints and the negatives.
(2) Motion Pictures. Obtain the original film. Examine the film strip for clues as to direction, nature, and velocity. Forward complete reel with a report comment on any irregularities, particularly those received from other than official sources.
(3) Supplemental Photographic Information. Negatives and prints other are insufficient to provide certain valid data or to permit firm conclusions. (See AFM 200-9, classified distribution.) Information that will aid in plotting or in estimating distance, apparent size, and nature of object, probable velocity, and movements include: