SOCIAL SIDE

57 lady Volunteers Lauded For Hospital Red Cross Service

Capping and recognition ceremonies for Red Cross volunteers at the USAF Hospital Lackland were recently held in the hospital auditorium.

Twenty-one Gray Ladies and Youth Staff Aides received caps marking the end of their training period and 36 workers received service awards.

Principal speaker for the occasion was Brig. Gen. James M. Humphreys, Jr., hospital commander. The capping was performed by Lt. Col. Mary F. Gates, chief, clinical nursing service.

Among those honored were two mother-daughter teams of volunteers. They are Mrs. Richard M. Klocho and Miss Kerry Klocho, Mrs. Oakley K. Park and Mrs Carolyn Park, Mrs. Robert J. Wackerson and Miss Elizabeth Wackerson, Mrs. Victor J. Stachnieiwicz and Miss Collins Stachnieiwicz, Mrs. Thomas E. Todd and Miss Patricia Todd.

Caps were presented to Misses Trudy F. Auvil, Josephine Bayer, Anita L. Bogaert, Sylvia De la Garza, Patricia Dulsvitz, Carolyn Park, Marcy Fleming, Molly Fonting, Lois Gilbert, Joanne Haseldes, Charlene Hay, Stella L. Nickey, Roselyn Paulson, Bonnie Sherrod, Collins Stachnieiwicz, Linda Welch, Alana J. White, Ann C. Williams and Margaret Dean; and Mesdames James A. Boyd and Harvey R. Mobley, Jr.

Service awards went to Mesdames William H. Besber, Thurman A. Glasgow, Leis Hirstein, Sidney H. Luther, Harold Norris, William A. Woodie and Robert J. Wolverton, Misses Donna J. Bivins, Sharron M. Boothe, Donna Connally, Barbie Dickson, Barbara A. Faulkner, Mary L. Garcia, Eileen M. Gilbern, Rose M. Gonzales, Haidy Guiznero, Barbara J. Haddock, Anita H. Henderson, Cheryl Kern, Connie Kentner, Kerry Kleche, Stacy Klutz, Rosemary Ledgewood, Peggy A. Maloney, Donna L. Mendes, Stephania Morais, Barbara J. Nichol, Cynthia L. Oswalt, Hedy Petski, Joan Marie Schlid, Alice Elaine Schmit, Omelia A. Sullivan, Patricia Todd, Geraldine Tremble, Patricia A Walden and Elizabeth Wolverton.

Patrick Wives Club Gives 4 Scholarships

Four students recently received scholarships totaling $1,150 from the Patrick AFB Officers Wives Club. Marilee Dunlap, daughter of MSgt. and Mrs. Elwyn B. Dunlap, received a $400 scholarship. She plans to attend Brigham Young University to major in psychology.

Patricia Adams, daughter of MSgt. and Mrs. William D. Adams, plans to use her $300 grant to attend Brevard Jr. College, majoring in journalism.

Robert Larry Rhodes, son of SFC Robert M. Rhodes and Mrs. John O'Connor, will attend Florida State University, and plans to apply his $300 grant toward a degree in either chemical or aeronautical engineering.

Lorna Butler, son of TSgt. and Mrs. William F. Butler, plans to enroll at the University of Florida where he will study civil engineering.

Final selection for the scholarships was made by Woodrow J. Darien, superintendent of Brevard County Schools, and a committee of educators.

[Photograph of Mrs. John A. Denmark receiving congratulations]

Mrs. John A. Denmark (left) receives congratulations from Mrs. John Fisher, Chairman of volunteers, South Brevard County Chapter of the Red Cross, following presentation of a plaque marking her voluntary service of more than 1,700 hours of volunteer service.

[Photograph of Mrs. Anthony C. Benjes, Jr. and group]

Mrs. Anthony C. Benjes, Jr., base projects chairman (right), offers her congratulations to four students who won Officers Wives Club scholarships at Patrick AFB. They are (from left) Robert Rhodes, Marilee Dunlap, Lorne Butler, and Patricia Adams.

VA Child Benefit Facts Available

The Veterans Administration has put out a reminder for your reference file on the legal definition of "orphan" and what it can mean in college educational benefits to your children.

The VA says that there are five major areas of misunderstanding which keep eligible children from applying for benefits rightfully theirs.

According to the VA, these misunderstandings are:

1. The fact that one-parent still lives makes some children believe they do not qualify as "orphans." An "orphan" is a child whose veteran-parent is dead or the result of a wound, accident or illness attributable to service in the Armed Forces.

2. The fact that the dead parent had only meager service makes others believe they are ineligible.

If the veteran-parent's death resulted from the performance of duty or from extra-hazardous service during peace time, the child is eligible.

3. The fact that they are married makes some believe they are no longer "children."

Marriage does not affect eligibility. Any son or daughter of a serviceman, whose death is attributable to his service, is eligible for the educational benefits provided by or she is between 18 or 23 years of age.

4. The fact that their living parent, usually their mother, has remarried and their step-father has legally adopted them, makes some children believe they are ineligible.

The marriage of the living parent and the subsequent adoption does not affect the eligibility of the children.

5. The fact that many children do not cash, nor are prepared, for education at the college level makes some believe they cannot take advantage of this benefit.

Although training for a high school diploma is not permitted, eligible children may take vocational courses and other non-college training that will help them earn a living.

The VA says it will be glad to spell out its War Orphan Educational Program, pointing up that 41,500 children have taken advantage of this program.
(AFNS)

Recently elected officers of the Edwards AFB (from L-R) Norma Douglas, president; Jackie Phillips, corresponding secretary; and Sally [illegible], recording secretary.