The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or letter from the "TAMPA, FLORIDA" company, dated April 17, 1962. The text describes an unidentified flying object report and discusses the difficulties in obtaining clear photographs of the object. The document mentions "these 'stars' may be present every night for a period of time" and that the sightings are "being observed - said those only".

TAMPA, FLORIDA  
AND  
APRIL 17, 1962

Mr. G. Allen Hynek, Director
Geophysical Research Corporation 
620 N. Michigan Avenue
Evanston, Illinois

DEAR MR. HYNEK:

Your letter o April 13th, 1962, to the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base regarding "UFO" sightings, has been referred to us for comment.  

The observation you referred to on April 5th by the Illinois pilot and his passenger, matches the observations reported to us from Tampa, Florida. As you realize, it is difficult to obtain clear photographs to substantiate these reports, due to the high altitudes of the objects and other factors such as haze, obscured vision, etc.

I hope you have the film of the original report to the United States Air Force to cover this sighting. We are promptly forwarding copies of this report to ATIC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, for their investigation and analysis.

As to the report from Tampa, Florida - this is a continuing report and it is difficult to get the public interested in "flying objects" - unless of course they are making contact with the same. It seems that these "stars" may be present every night for a period of time, and are being observed - said those only.

These "stars" may be present every night for a period of time, and are being observed - said those only. This has created some skepticism - as you can imagine.

I am now prompted by the fact that your letter has been referred to us, to give you our observations and findings to date.

I hope you have the file on the original report to the United States Air Force to cover this sighting. We are promptly forwarding copies of this report to ATIC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, for their investigation and analysis.

Yours truly,
[Redacted]
Director
Tampa, Florida