333

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for November 24, 1962

ASTRONOMY

Impressive Stellar Display

Jupiter, Mars and Saturn will shine in the evening sky and the spacecraft Mariner will make the first close-up observation of Venus in December, James Stokley reports.

► ALTHOUGH ONLY ONE of them appears on the December sky map shown here, Jupiter is the brightest of all—and the it shown—is Jupiter, which rises in the west about midnight on the first and about two hours earlier on the 31st. It is in the constellation of Aquarius, the waterbear, and its astronomical magnitude is minus 12.

The maps show the appearance of the skies about 10 p.m. (your own standard time) on the 1st and 15th of the month, 9 p.m. on the 15th and 8 p.m. on the 31st. At these times Mars will just be rising, but no high enough to be visible. It is best seen in Leo, the lion. Though midnight on December Mars will make a fifth as bright as Jupiter. It will be brighter than any nearby star, and its red color will make it easy to identify.

Saturn in Capricornus

The third December evening planet is Saturn, in Capricornus, the sea goat. It sets about an hour before the times for which the maps are drawn. About 8 p.m. on the first, the constellation of Capricornus is low in the west, just below Aquarius, in which Jupiter stands.

Jupiter, Saturn and Mars are all planets, members of the solar system, like earth, and revolve around the sun, which illuminates them.

The stars, however, are distant suns, each shining by its own light. The brightest shown is Sirius, also called the dog star. It is in Canis Major, the great dog, low in the southeast, and its magnitude is minus 1.6. Thus it is nearly as bright as Jupiter, because the brighter an object, the lower its magnitude, negative magnitudes denoting brightness exceeding that of the brightest stars. Sirius appears as a point of light and irregularity of the atmosphere cause it to scintillate, or "twinkle." The planet Jupiter presents a small disc, visible in a telescope, which does not twinkle.

Above Canis Major you can see the magnificent constellation of Orion, the warrior, generally considered the finest in the sky. At his shoulder is Betelgeuse, a star of the first magnitude, and below his belt. The group also includes two first-magnitude stars: Rigel, to the left, and Rigel to the right. Taurus, the bull, is above Orion, with ruddy Aldebaran, another star of the first magnitude.

Off to the left sit Gemini, the twins, with Castor and Pollux, the latter being the lower. Below them is Canis Minor, the lesser dog, with first-magnitude Procyon. Still further below is Auriga, the charioteer, with Capella. Both of these stars also are first magnitude. This region of the sky, now visible in the south-

mission that we could from one that actually landed there. Scientists of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) who planned it designed the flight path so that scientific instruments on board could measure the temperature of the planet and its atmosphere. They expect them to reveal much about the physical and chemical make-up of the Venusian atmosphere, which is continually cloudy, perpetually shrouds the hostile planet.

Mariner's flight path was altered on Sept. 4 on command from the earth—the first time that such a complicated maneuver had ever been performed successfully by a spacecraft in flight. This put it into a long curved path which, after 109 days and 180,000 miles of travel, will bring it within 21,000 miles of Venus on Dec. 14.

Mariner Will Telemeter Data

During the cruise and the encounter with Venus, according to a NASA statement, the craft will telemeter data back to the earth. As the sensors of its six experiments receive information, they feed it to a data conditioning system (DCS), located in the base of the craft. The DCS prepares the information for transmission to earth in the form of a digital code.

All the data collected cannot be transmitted at the same time, so an electronic computer aboard the craft will control the equipment so that the receiver "listens" on command at a time about one second. After 20.16 seconds the

⊗ ★ ○ ⊗ SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER BRIGHTNESS

Face North

[Two star maps showing constellations and celestial objects for December 1962, viewed facing north and facing south]