There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book report document. The document appears to contain only text without any visual elements.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text found in the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for AUGUST 25, 1962 

THE FIELDS

DISH-SHAPED PROFILE CONFIRMS BY SURGERY
Now, a dish-shaped profile can be corrected by surgery, says the American Dental Association.
Researchers in Boston, New York, and Indiana report the procedure is successful in improving the appearance and function of jaws whose rear teeth haven't fully erupted.
Dentists can mould the bones into a more normal shape through surgical steps while patients are under general anesthesia. This is believed to be the first time such a formal study has been made. The dish-shaped profile is caused by a short lower jaw and sinking in of the middle of the face. This makes the chin look pushed back and gives the face a concave appearance, the ADA says. 

BIOLOGY
Cancer Growth in Dark
WHERE the dark green color grows, there the cancer, too, will grow. A study made at the Boston University School of Medicine indicates that chlorophyll, a substance existing in plants, not only paints plants green but inhibits cancer growth.
As a result, chlorophyll content appears to be a measure of a plant's ability to resist cancer. Some plants naturally have a high chlorophyll content and are resistant to cancer. The findings hold true only for the dark-green parts of plants, however. Another factor, unknown, may also be responsible for the cancer-inhibiting property.
The findings, made by Dr. E. K. Andrews and Dr. O. C. Neish, seem to show that the dark green color in plants is an indication of their resistance to cancer. Some plants with little or no green color are found to be very susceptible to cancer.

MEDICINE
Separation of Sexes May Increase Togetherness
OPPOSITE sexes seem to show much better compatibility when kept strictly apart on intimate occasions, according to some observation made at the University of Victoria, B.C. Researchers there found that members of the same sex get along much better when kept apart from the other sex. For instance, boys show more agreeable social behavior when kept apart from girls, and girls when kept apart from boys.
This seems to show that the separation of sexes, on intimate occasions, may actually increase the tendency for the opposite sexes to get along better when they do meet. The findings have implications for the upbringing of children and for community planning.

PSYCHOLOGY
USSR Three Years Behind on Microelectronics
According to information published by Dr. Eugene Rabinowitch in the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, the USSR is now about 3 years behind the United States in microelectronics, the fast-growing field of minute electronic components. This represents a loss of ground from a decade ago, when the Soviets were believed to be about even with the U.S. in this area.
While the USSR has made continued progress, Dr. Rabinowitch says, the U.S. has been moving ahead more rapidly. This puts the Soviet Union, once a leader, now somewhat behind in this key technology. However, the Soviets have still managed to put together some remarkably compact apparatus, including the Soviet DF-2 robot and the Sputnik II satellite, which carry highly sophisticated electronics inside very small packages.