The provided image contains a black-and-white photograph of what appears to be a flying saucer or unidentified flying object (UFO) in the sky. The photograph is accompanied by the title "Flying Saucer Mystery Still Unso!" and text discussing the mystery and debate surrounding UFOs and their existence.

Since the image does not contain any human faces, I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

Flying Saucer Mystery Still Unso!
BY HAYDEN C. HEWES Associate Director, UFOS
Today, as scientific space leading statements are being made concerning the probability of the existence of planets other than those in our solar system, another old controversy is being revived: the mystery of unidentified flying objects (UFOS)-commonly called flying saucers or discs. (Continued on Back Page) 
U.S. Air Force, are listed as having 'made a careful study of several thousand reports of unidentified objects. Only a few have been explained.' Earlier releases of information have disclosed that of 8,000 such reports over the years, only 12 percent could be satisfactorily explained by U.S. Air Force investigation. The rest are listed as 'unknown.' So, despite all the official denials, the reports keep coming in, the details to be explained.
We are told, too, that the Air Force has more than 10,000 reports of 'unknown' aerial objects on file. So there is obviously a mystery. What is it? This photograph was selected from among a series of shots credited to
Portiner A. Villa, who reports he took them near Albuquerque, New Mexico, some time in 1963.
Across California Sky," a few months later, I noticed an article entitled "Mystery Planet Hovers Over Albuquerque, New Mexico." It stated that on the same night as this photograph was taken, a mysterious object, estimated to be hundreds of feet in diameter, hovered for more than an hour over a spot near Albuquerque, New Mexico-the same general area as the location of the photograph.
The article stated further that the object gave off a pulsating, multicolored light, and that three local police officers and the New Mexico State Police observed the object as it hovered motionless for more than an hour, then shot away at fantastic speed.
The article continued to state that the Air Force denied any knowledge of the incident, and that the object has not been satisfactorily explained.
So, despite the Air Force denials, the UFO mystery is still very much alive. What is the answer? Are there really 'strange light floats' out there, as the old-timers say? Or are all these reports the result of over-active imaginations, or simply mistakes in the identification of known objects? There is still no definitive answer.
Perhaps, as the space age progresses, the mystery of the UFOs will be solved. But so far it remains one of the great unsolved enigmas of the 20th century.
All in all, there are over 100 civilian UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT sightings on record in the U.S. alone each year. The Air Force's own Project Blue Book has a working hand in hand with the International UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT Study Group of California [since] 1950. The two organizations together publish an official publication, "The Condon Report on UFOs," is published in detail.
But in all, the mystery still remains "Unso!"