UFO SIGHTING
MAYSVILLE, KENTUCKY
8 February, 1953

On 8 February a man was returning from a basketball game with his
three teenage children when he observed an object made fassinated in
the woods resting over a field in front of his house. The party
jumped out of the car to get a better look at the object. The object
was described as round, about 30 ft. in diameter, with red lights
opposite each other and two blue lights coinciding each other spaced at
equal intervals along the circumference. They judged the object to be
about 200 ft in altitude, hanging almost motionless in the sky. Almost immediately the
object began to move and it changed its position by tilting until it
was vertical with the earth's surface, whereas it had been horizontal
previously. The altitude was assumed to be very low since the object
could be observed through the trees with a high degree of clarity at the
observers location. After the object began to move only the red lights
were visible. Sound that accompanied the object was similar to an
aircraft. Flight was horizontal after the object began to move and
the speed was tremendous. Total duration of the sighting was about
30 seconds.

The sighting was reported to the FBI on 12 Feb 53 in the form of a
letter. This information was then forwarded to the Air Force for in-
vestigation. A team from Wright-Patterson investigated the sighting
since the object presented characteristics which did not conform with
known aircraft capabilities.

Subsequent investigation revealed that a the sighting had indeed taken
place and that the reported information was substantially accurate as to
time, description, and other minor factors. It was ascertained
that the initial phase of the sighting which presented the appearance
of hovering could have been created by an improperly piloted
aircraft. This was considered since some of a aircraft had accompanied
the object. The speed, as indicated by the duration of the sighting,
when such the object must have been greater than conventional aircraft.
A check with related aircraft information revealed that an F-86 (Radar
Equipped) site used in SAC training mission was located near Lexington,
Kentucky and that the flight path of a mission could have passed over
Maysville. A tall tower in the area used for navigation might also have been
used on the night of 8 February by units from Westover APS, Massachusetts,
on Low Level missions. Their altitude was 2,000 ft and standard aircraft
lighting was used. Witnesses were notified of the Air Force findings in
the case, evaluated as an aircraft sighting.