The image does not contain a photograph. It is an article from the East Orange Record newspaper, with the headline "Postmark Collector Says Towns Have Odd Names".

East Orange Record
EAST ORANGE, N.J., THURSDAY, JULY 1, 1954
Postmark Collector Says Towns Have Odd Names
No 'Blue Mondays' For E. C. Schallis
"I've been to Fish House, N. J.," says E. C. Schallis, "Have you? Well, there isn't any Fish House, N. J. And how about Holland, Mich., and Vienna, Va.? They really exist, you know, but they are strange names for towns, don't you think?"
Schallis makes a hobby of collecting old postage stamps and postmarks, and he has found many strange names in his collection. As postmaster for the Commercial Trust Company in East Orange, N. J., he is added to his collection. As postmark collector, Schallis says the most interesting features of his hobby are the quaint and often unheard-of names of cities and towns which appear on the old postmarks.
"There are strange names which seem to have no point of origin, but also the slangy, colloquial names which were used by local folks," says Schallis. "The postmark collector, in fact, gets a glimpse of the history of our country in an unusual way. Names give you an insight into the thinking of a bygone day. It is surprising how many odd and comical names there are in the United States-and Canada, too. Using the United States Post Office Guide, I find I have more than 1000 examples of unusual town names."
Schallis mentions some other odd monikers he has found, such as "Noodle, N. D.," "Ding Dong, Tex.," "Bucksnort, Tenn.," and "Toad Suck, Ark." He says these peculiar designations, along with the many Indian names, are largely a result of the rapid growth of the country in the early 1900's. "Many towns were named after the first postmaster or some prominent citizen," he explains, "and some were named for a nearby physical feature, such as a hill or river or other landmark."
Schallis himself collects East Orange postmarks dating back to the 1880's. He has found more than 1200 different postmarks from East Orange alone, some of them extremely rare. "We handle a large volume of mail at the East Orange post office," he says, "and it is possible for me to obtain all kinds of interesting oddities."
One of Schallis' favorite stories in connection with his hobby concerns a small girl who had heard him mention his interest in unusual town names. "This little girl," says Schallis, "got so interested in my hobby that she wrote to the postmaster in every single state asking for postmarks from towns with the most peculiar and odd names she could find. Within a few weeks, the mail began pouring in-and such names! I received postmarks from towns with names like 'Monkey's Eyebrow, Ky.,' 'Okay, Okla.,' and 'No Name, Colo.'
"The little girl was so enthusiastic and her letters so charming that I felt I had to write and thank her. I told her that her collection of unusual names was much more interesting than mine, and that she should keep up the good work. Later I received a letter from her mother saying the little girl was so pleased with my response that she had decided to make collecting unusual town names her full-time hobby."
Schallis says the most valuable item in his collection is a postmark from the town of "Blank, Md." "This is really a rare one," he explains, "because the town of Blank, Md., has never existed. The postmark was used for a time by the post office department to cancel mail that did not have a town name on it.
"But," adds Schallis, "the oddest item I have is a postmark from the town of 'Peculiar, Mo.' Who would want to live in a town called 'Peculiar'? But there it is, on an old postmark, as real as you please!"