The image does not contain any photographs. 

OCTOBER - 1963
PSIC BULLETIN
GLOBAL SIGHTINGS
CHARLTON - England...Charles Willshire reports in our August & September 1963 Bulletin that various residents of the Charlton, Wilshire area saw a brilliant round object over the Char tern Farm. This Farm is in a crater and craters on an English Farm. The object was under the object that papers described over the fact that a convenient solution case land been found. It was presumably a god sent down according to William Stoneham's article in the Journal ET. Other explaining instances find it cut to be meteorites. None of these explaining fit the facts. From the event neither comes near an explanation.
Bomb Disposal Unit, arrived on the scene. Also preliminary report indicated that there were no burn or scorch marks, nor debris, no radioactivity. A neighbor who saw the object said that on July 10, it was reported that Capt. Rogers had sought permission to land a craft and said his readings on his meter indicated a material on the ground. He added: "We have never caught anything like this before". One man later told reporters that his detector indicated activity-
Meanwell's counterpart in England, the historian military officer, was where the bomb disposal unit removed a piece of concrete and said it had been found buried-underground-Moore incorporated found it that very day that was a meteorite. He declared it was a meteorite-even to the recent cost of repeating this scientific demand .
Describing the phenomenon, he says: "A bright streak in the sky, which indicated that the flash also showed the shape of an egg slicer on a round glass container, about 12 feet across, was observed for ten seconds." This was witnessed by many, he says, "Southern Command commented "The cause of the phenomena is still unexplained, but it is no basis for the event was asked about it in Hurst. They said: "Dr" Randall is a very strong enemy of the belief in the disappearance and remained to be discredited, doctor. and TV stations quoted here ".
It appears that the Bomb Disposal Unit recognized him in Woorden and took a statement as fact.
A curious observation was Blanchard who owns the Farm, states of the position of the object, that on the following morning, july 11. there were no traces, no roots, no stones, no burned spots. The thing was simply vanished without a trace and there were no odors or sound. So it use produces no power or so that it ever powers that it uses produce no orders of any kind.
As shown, the Farm owner had been called in to disclose details, but except Village Constable, Anthony J. Rogers, who had to be interviewed on July 10. It vanished near the first crater was found. Warden of the incident in his daily report stated " A meteor passing in the sky-low". Mr. Reg Andrews, a dairyman (Pastor Pane) who was present in the field that morning at approx 6:00 AM.