January 28, 1964

Dear Sir;

I have hesitated to write to you concerning this matter. But I ave begun to believe that it could be something mysterious. I do not know of and should know about a fly that was not something that belonged to us. Please; first let me explain, I do not go around asking boo-ger-bears.

Last (early part) of Spring, my wife and I were in our back yard. The sky was a beautiful blue. We were looking up and discussing how beautiful it was. Has we not been looking at the exact minute, we would not have noticed it, but we positively saw the master of two (2) rocket planes or space ships. When they first neastered, what made us notice was the parachute (small) looking white that formed at first, which would make you think of a parachute, and then it shot of seemed - 10 seconds - a bright white looking object, traveling at tremendous speed only (a space) was going so fast and about the same time we saw (a bright orange object, then another parachute looking white object did the same. The white object did the close to the first. Then in this time, the first object had taken to loos the bright orange color. It lost its brightness in the same speed. I could give one turn had about [illegible] I have never in all my life. Before, and I have never we any available written [illegible]. Had we been asleep, our nation should know about it... would I ignore the sky. Can our nation should now about. This was not a cloud or an illusion. We saw west we said. There was a cloud in the sky. A beautiful day and we didnt exert "that everyond was not suppose to see. I have a very busy skedule and no doubt youre have one more so perhaps than before our great President passed.

I said before, I supported you and I married my stand. Mr. Kennedy was the man that I always wanted to be like, as I pray that Almight God will give you men that are left, the strength and help always in leading our nation in the way thats best for it. I have been criticized and stopped in many times here for my outspoken ways in speaking for John F., when he was alive. As far as I am concerned, he is not dead. And as Kennedy said we ask not what your country can do for you -- ask what you can do for your country. I shall always remember these words and I shall live by them. For any man who truly loves his country may be called at any time to give his life.

I am ready. Have been and always will.