The image contains a newspaper article with a headline "Light-In-the-Sky Story Gains Momentum Here: Another Strange Object Is Seen". There is a large photograph accompanying the article, which appears to show a glowing, elongated object in the sky. The article discusses a reported sighting of an unusual object in the sky over Fairfield, Illinois, which was witnessed by several people.

OCRED TEXT:

VOLUME NINETY-EIGHT

(In County $4.00 per year, Out of County $5.00 per year)

Mayne

Published Semi-Weekly

Light-In-the-Sky Story Gains Momentum Here: Another Strange Object Is Seen

Another strange object, described as being "swooped around with lightning like speed," was seen in the skies over Fairfield this morning around 6:30 o'clock. According to reports reaching the Daily Wayne this morning, the object was observed by several persons, including Ernest J. Patacca, of Fairfield, when they stepped out of their homes at about 6:30 a.m.

The latest incident comes as a followup to the so-called "light-in-the-sky" phenomenon reported here two weeks ago, when a large glowing object was sighted over the area by several persons, including Clareic Circuit Clerk James P. Wiley and others. Wiley said he and several other persons watched the strange object for nearly two hours on the night of August 7. The object first appeared as a bright light in the northeast sky, then changed shape to an elongated, glowing object, he said. It seemed to hover for a time, then made a quick, sweeping motion and disappeared from view.

Patacca, who reported the latest incident to the Daily Wayne, said he and others stepped outside their homes around 6:30 a.m. today and saw the strange object "swooped around with lightning like speed." He said it appeared to be "kind of circular in shape and glowed with a greenish-white light."

Patacca said the object was in sight for only a few minutes, then disappeared from view. He said several other persons in the Fairfield area also reported seeing the strange object this morning.

This latest report comes on the heels of the earlier "light-in-the-sky" incident, which stirred quite a bit of comment and speculation in the community. Some persons reportedly suggested it might have been a satellite, meteor, or even a UFO (unidentified flying object). The new report will no doubt add fuel to the curiosity and interest in these strange sky phenomena.