The image contains a photograph of a newspaper article titled "Light in Sky Chases Car, Besieges Home of Farmer".

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

LIGHT IN SKY CHASES CAR, BESIEGES HOME OF FARMER
Fairfield Ill. (AP) - A strange light in the sky early Sunday morning chased a farmer as he was driving home, then hovered over his farmhouse for more than two hours, the deputy sheriff said.

Harry Lee, the deputy, said the light appeared to be larger than any star. He described it as white and hovering at about 200 feet above the ground. It was first seen about 1 a.m. and remained in the area for more than two hours after midnight until it disappeared.

Lee said he went to the farm house of Clovis Austin, 48, and the light was still in the sky. Austin said he turned his car radio onto a station and could not get any other stations. As the light came closer, he said.

Ronnie, said he raced at top speed for the 17 miles to his father's farm yard and he and his father watched the strange light until it finally disappeared.

Turns Off Lights
Austin said he rushed into the house and told his wife to turn off all the lights, but that the light was hovering at about 50 feet above the ground and beamed light into the farmhouse. Austin called for help, but no one came.

After more than two hours, the strange light shot up into the sky and disappeared, Austin said. Lee said he supported the story. Lee said the witnesses appeared to be reliable.

Lee said police in Mount Vernon, 17 miles to the south, also received calls about the strange light.

AIR FORCE AID TO INVESTIGATE 'LIGHT IN SKY'
All Investigative Effort
Scott air force base near here will investigate a report of a "light in the sky" seen near Fairfield, Ill., the Air Force said Wednesday.
Wayne county residents before dawn Monday saw a bright light hovering over a farmhouse near this southern Illinois city, the sheriff's office reported.
The light was described as about the size of a basketball, and hovering about 50 feet above the ground. It beamed light into the farmhouse and the nearby area for about two hours before shooting straight up into the sky and disappearing, the report said.
An Air Force spokesman said the local base will investigate the report and try to determine the nature of the light.