FLYING SAUCER REVIEW                21 Oct 63
Jan-Feb 66                                Argentina

The affair happened on a very isolated farm luminous on the line, and what seemed to be a
situated 3 km. from the town of Trancas and about number of men moving to and fro around it.
28 km. north of the Provincial Capital of Tucuman. The possibility of workmen being engaged in
There were nine people in the house, the seventy- maintenance of the permanent way at that time of
two-year-old Señor Antonio Moreno, his wife aged night was out of the question, so naturally the
sixty-eight, four of their adult daughters, three Moreno family decided that an accident must
children of one of these daughters, and a fifteen- have occurred on the railway line. To make sure,
year-old boy. But it must be emphasised that one of the young women, Señora Julia Moreno de
the Moreno family are not peasants or ill-educated Coletti, aged twenty-one, went out into the garden
folk, but respected people in the Province, their to take a closer look, and there she saw exactly
son Dr. Moreno being a consultant to the municipal what the maidservant had seen, namely "some-
government of Tucuman.
  It was 9:30 p.m. on October 21, 1963, and the thing like a small train, intensely illuminated",
household were preparing to go to bed, when the and she could clearly see figures moving about
maidservant Doña Martin Guaman looked over near it.
  At this point there is some discrepancy in the
towards the tracks of the Beltran Railway Line, various reports. Some say that Señora Julia and
which passes at a distance of about 300 yards from her mother Doña Tereza Katina do Moreno both
the house. She had noticed something intensely set out walking across the garden towards the
luminous that seemed to establish that there were front gate, while others say that the daughter
at least five of the objects about 75 yards distant, alone did so. However, it was, however, turned
and measuring about 8-9 metres (25 feet) in diameter. back again to get a lantern, and on this trip some-
The brightly illuminated one ventured out further in the direction of the mystery,
interior of the machines could be seen, with a In the meantime they had scarcely decided-by
row of six portholes in their central part, and odd happen on the railway line, for it seemed as if
Señor Moreno added that if one used one could though one half of the luminous mass suddenly
see figures silhouetted at the portholes shot away from the rest. It flew, just skimming
  The two sizes near the house were only thirty or above the ground, for a distance of half a mile,
forty feet from the ground, and "appeared to be and could clearly be seen to consist of three
supported by a jet of gas." circular objects. No one of the accounts is quite
  The luminous beams continued to sweep the clear at this point. Presumably three of the six
house and garden. These consisted of one white craft had remained on the railway and the three
"tubular" beam from one machine, and one that had flown away came back again shortly
reddish-white "tubular" beam from the other, and afterwards.
the inside of the house was now like a furnace.   Meanwhile, as soon as the women had set up the
The Moreno family had particular emphasis on the lantern, and as though in response to it, one of the
fact that unlike ordinary light, these beams did machines on or above the railway track on once
not fan out, but kept their shape, "as though turned from white to violet, and was switched
solid". One of the accounts adds that the beams round so as to play upon the two women in the
gave off "a whistle gas, and sparks of 'a sort of garden. They immediately were overcome by i
howling noise' that accompanied the beam. suffocating heat, and prickling or tingling sensations
  After 45 minutes apart in their terrifying situa- in the body, and were obliged to run back into the
tion, the Morenos saw the UFO which was on the house.
railway track slip into the air and begin to move   The beam now turned from violet to red, and
away. At once the others began to follow suit. was playing steadily upon the house.
The beams off-sweeping lights were turned off and the   Inside, the terrified family proceeded to hide the
flotilla swept away over the house towards the children in different places in the house, and for
Sierra de Medina range, flying quite low. the next forty minutes they all covered there in.
  A surprised dog now began to howl fearfully, too. In brief, it looks as though Trancas affair
and kept it up for some time. was a defensive rather than an offensive or a man-
  In the garden, "a thick mist looking like smoke hunting operation.
and something like a sulphur" hung over trees and   But why this penchant for landing on our rail-
vegetation for some time, and a journalist who way tracks? There have already been quite a
came to the house next day reported that the ab- number of cases with this feature, and I hope that
normal smell and sulphureous smell were still quite come of our scientific friends are thinking about it.
noticeable in the room. One thing is evident: Trancas lies within the
  Next day, a police inspector was sent from SALTA-CORDOBA-BAHIA BLANCA Magnetic
Zone. [See map].
  Iron is one of the ferromagnetic elements. Is it
this that draws them to our railway lines?