The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and extract all the text found in the document:

34. Does you completed this questionnaires:
15
Day
February 
Month
1964
Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting. 

Relative to 35 - once as object in the sky
The next day I examined the recording by the recorder hand of my sighting I realized this object up to that time had recorded on tape as a bright white light, which seemed to be rotating and bright at times and at other times dull or subdued. This object was estimated to be about the size of a football or basketball. It was noticed first just as the sun was setting and the object seemed to have a slight tilt or angle from the horizon as it was observed. It had a pulsating light that seemed to flash on and off at different intervals. It remained in view for approximately 45 minutes to an hour and then disappeared from view as the darkness came. There were no wings or tail apparent and no sound was heard. The light was so bright at times it seemed almost blinding in its intensity. At the last, it seemed to diminish in size as it went lower on the horizon. It was a very unusual sighting and I felt it was definitely not an airplane, helicopter, or any known object that I was familiar with. I cannot understand what this object was or where it came from. It was something I had never seen before or can explain.

The sky was very dark at the time. I can recall that the appearance of the object was first noticed as a bright spot in the sky, much like a bright star, but it seemed to be rotating and flashing. It appeared to be hovering at times and at other times seemed to be moving slowly, but there was no definite pattern to its motion. It maintained its position for a considerable length of time and then disappeared from view. As I stated, it was a very unusual sighting and nothing like any other object I have ever seen in the sky. I cannot offer any explanation for what I observed that evening. I was completely mystified by the appearance of this object and its actions. I felt it was something quite different from any conventional aircraft or space vehicle that I have knowledge of.

The object was first sighted in 1963 . was observed to be in position for over an hour and then disappeared. It was a peculiar looking object and did not resemble any conventional aircraft that I am familiar with. Its actions were most unusual and I have no explanation for what it was.