The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a typed letter or report from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

March 26, 1963

Dear Mr. President:

Last night at 4:30 p.m. while walking home from my bus I happened to glance up at the sky and noticed an object hovering over my house. It was larger than a star, brighter and higher than any stars I had ever seen at night. I continued my walk and watching the object as it hovered, then it seemed to come closer and then move away. They could change their pace of movement, position and seemed to be able to become stationary, disappearing at times only to reappear at another location. I was amazed and could not help but watch it for at least 45 minutes. 

These objects were not stars, nor planets as I know them. I have seen the Sputnik satellites and these were nothing like that. The objects moved in ways that are not normal for any craft I have ever seen. They could change direction and speed almost instantly. One seemed to be larger than the rest and on one occasion I saw at least one hundred in the sky. I can only excuse it that they are some kind of spacecraft not from this earth.

These objects were not planes, nor anything as we know them. I was awed by the sheer size, pace and maneuvers. I was not frightened, but absolutely amazed and could not help but stare at them. I did not have my camera with me, otherwise I would have tried to take pictures. 

Should I have reported these sightings to someone? I was unable to determine who I should contact. If they are not something secret being tested by our government, then I believe the public should know about them. These are things that need to be investigated and the public informed. These were clearly intelligently controlled craft, nothing like any aircraft I have ever seen before. I would like your opinion on what I should do if this happens again. I'm not sure my story would be believed, but I know what I saw and felt that someone in authority should know about it.

Thank you for your attention to this matter.

Sincerely,

[REDACTED]