There does not appear to be a photograph or image included in this scanned document. The document appears to be a typed report describing an incident involving a "craft" being observed and a close encounter experienced by the witness. The report contains detailed descriptions of the incident and the witness's reactions, but does not include any visual imagery.

(Continued) Ltr. Mr. [REDACTED] to USAF Intelligence Bureau

Mr. [REDACTED] said, he got the feeling that this "craft" was watching him, or the whole operation. Suddenly another 200 yards away / one of the lights outside his house started moving, and the craft slid over in that direction and hovered over that area for a while until the guard was seen to look up at the sky, but chances are the lights of the building blinded him. It is not known yet whether any of the guards there saw anything that night. Mr. [REDACTED] does not know any of the men working guard duty at the moment.

Finally, after about an hour of maneuvering, (at times he felt it was so close, it seemed you could almost reach out and touch it) an air-liner or large jet of some sort was headed by, and just as the plane, flying at about 15,000 feet, arrived overhead, this craft zoomed straight up at a terrific speed, and this happened so fast that there would be a crash, but it seemed to swerve off at the last minute. This happened around 10.

Then, after skirting the plane, it took off at a low altitude toward the West. 
On it, the general direction they took off in was "West". A full wing co-workers came out of the train and he saw it leaving as a bright star.

Mr. [REDACTED] was shaken by the experience, and his only reaction was "if something like this has to happen, let it be on some one else's shift."

Well, that is the story as I got it. If it is of interest enough to other witnesses, we haven't looked for any or said any thing about it, as most would laugh at some thing like this as unbelievable or plain hoax anyway, but the man watched this for about an hour, and there may be others who saw this; I thought it would be worth while writing about it.

On the other hand, if this is the result of any government experimental work or project, forget about this latter, and as far as I am concerned the story ends right here; if not, I hope you will investigate the incident.

Thank you for listening.
Sincerely,
[REDACTED]
Nantucket, Pt. Lt. N.Y.