The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a scanned newspaper article or document.

NOV 17 1963

ALL IN A DAY 
Nobody Believes In
Sky Objects, Do They?
By LOUIS J. DUNN

"Sure, nobody believes in these stories of flying saucers. Sure, nobody believes those stories they read in the papers, about the pilots of big jets who see phenomena up there in the sky that defy explanation..."

So, this is the way it was here in the newspaper office the other day, when somebody brought in a clipping of an item from the Air Force files. A report of another alleged "flying saucer" sighting - this time, in the vicinity of Cape Girardeau, Mo. 

The story said how three men saw this strange aerial object hovering over a field, how the object descended with a brilliant glow, and how the same object later was spotted continuing on its way - with no evidence of an engine, no sound, just hovering 
steadily, silently, without propulsion, and then zooming away at incredible speed.

NOW, HOW MANY OF US appears to be seriously disturbed about matters of this kind? To us, the things concerning the coming to earth of visitors from other planets, are just so much moonshine. There have always been incidents like the Cape Girardeau affair, and they have been adequately explained by various scientific authorities, haven't they?

Well, these same authorities now seem hard put to give us any simple answer to the phenomenon reported so often these days - the sightings of unidentified flying objects, or UFOs. The Air Force itself has a special project, called Blue Book, which is charged with the duty of investigating and trying to explain each new report of the kind. But the more they investigate, the more puzzling it all becomes.

THE TIMES HERALD
Magazine
Page

FEATURES
COLUMNS
EDITORIALS

A requiem to Mickey in "Big", by Dorothy Mitts, her-

some phenomena resulting from the curious display over New England of strange lights which has been tagged "northern lights" by scientists. 

It seems that these northern lights, or "sky objects," as some call them, have been known to play tricks, show phenomena. They can take the shape of strange, hovering, colorful lights, curtains, apparitions, discs. 

They seem to shimmer and glide across the sky, according to those who have seen them. 

"But neither of the deputies who saw the lights admits they were flying saucers," says the authorities. "It was a strange-looking light: Perhaps it was some illusion, a trick of the atmosphere or something like that."

What is it that makes perfectly normal, intelligent people believe they have seen a flying saucer? Even some pilots, considered to be among the most reliable and the keenest observers, have reported seeing just such things - and have been believed.

THOSE DEPUTIES and others who have seen lights in the sky say, "Well, whatever it was, it wasn't a star, and it wasn't a plane." That's about all they can say for sure. They know something was there, something unusual, something no one can quite explain. And they become puzzled, disturbed.

If THOSE LIGHTS were from some place away out in space and came to earth, what could it be? Man can't leave the Earth today and come back with a vehicle that could do this. So what is it? Could it be some form of space craft from some planet somewhere, hovering over us and then zooming away? 

Someday, perhaps man will be able to solve this riddle of the sky. But right now we haven't even begun to see the answers.

THOSE DEPUTIES and others who have reported the incidents say they saw the lights. They insist it was no experiment of any kind, no trick of the atmosphere. They say: "Something unusual was there in the sky, and we don't know what it was."

Just said what they observe