The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a science news letter discussing the planet Mars and its brightness in the sky.

ASTRONOMY  
Mars Still Shines Brightly
Mars is rapidly drawing away from earth but is still easy to identify by its red color and its brightness, greater than any visible star except Sirius, during the present, as the middle of the month.
ALTHOUGH MARS is rapidly moving away from the earth, it is still brighter than it has been at any time since the end of the first week of March; an hour earlier at the mid-month and now half an hour before midnight. This is the time to observe Mars.
Mars Easy to Identify  
First, it is the brightest, greater than any visible star except Sirius, and it can be quickly identified because of its red color. It shines with a steady light, unlike the twinkling stars.
Second, Mars appears to be cheater or farther away from the Earth for this visit; then it is usually brighter. This is actually one of the times it is closest to Earth, but it is rapidly diminishing in size. As the end of this month approaches, Mars will be appreciably smaller, but it will continue to shine brightly, fainter than it will be a few months from now, when it will be too far from the sun and Earth to be easily observed.
The constellations of Cancer and Leo are prominent in the eastern sky, within which - to the right is Castor, and to the left is Pollux, the twin stars of Gemini.
To the south, the brilliant planet Saturn is now rising about an hour and a quarter after sunset, and Jupiter, during March, are steady, brilliant objects, like the sun and shines brightly in the south. Saturn is now a morning star, rising more and more each day before sunrise.
The "Canals" Controversy  
Of all the planets in the sky, the one that has attracted most popular interest is undoubtedly Venus. And this is largely due to the controversy that has arisen regarding the possibility of life on that mysterious planet. Some believe that they have detected there, by telescope, evidence of definite surface markings, which they call "canals." This theory was first propounded in 1877 by an Italian astronomer, Giovanni Schiaparelli, director of the Brera Observatory in Milan. He wrote of observing them, and he called them "canali," which in Italian means "channels," but this word in English was translated as "canals." This suggested that they had an artificial origin, and could represent the work of intelligent beings who might have some means of transporting the necessities of life from one region of Venus to another.
This suggested that they had an artificial origin and could represent the work of intelligent beings who might have some means of transporting the necessities of life from one region to another on Venus. However, more recent telescopic observations that are more reliable have failed to confirm the existence of any such markings, and the "canals" are now believed to have been entirely illusionary.
Minor details can be added, it will appear, but the major facts about Venus, as far as we now understand them, are that Venus is a cloud-covered planet, whose surface we could not see even with the most powerful telescopes. Most astronomers believe that conditions on Venus are so inhospitable that the possibility of life on that planet is extremely doubtful.
Through large telescopes on the surface of the earth and soon from observatories on satellites orbiting Venus, we expect to gain much new information about this mysterious planet. But one thing is certain: we will have to wait a long time before we can say with any assurance that intelligent life exists on Venus.