This document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, likely dated from the 1960s. As requested, I will now perform OCR (optical character recognition) to extract all the text found in the document:

6. CIVIL-AIR REGULATIONS. Part 60, paragraph 60.14(b), was amended on 15 feb 69.
7. Tactical Deviare. The FACC Terminal Instrument Procedures will be compiled with to the maximum extent.
Deviations will be minimized and when they are necessary to safety, the USA 0-FAA agreement (s) referred
to in this manual. 
8. Flight Levels.* Flight levels indicated as operational altitudes are inclusive. Special care
must be exercised when using flight level 245, as it is not authorized as an operational level. The
procedures then authorized are those for the intermediate range and the equipment must meet the necessary
requirements for the flight level 230-240 feet transition.
9. Altitude Clearance. Operations other than refueling will avoid active refueling areas by at
least 4,000 feet vertically and 5 miles horizontally, which is prescribed for flight levels above 290, unless
otherwise cleared or directed.
10. RRS ACTIVITY. Aircraft engaged in RRS activity VFR or IFR-on-top adjacent to a high altitude
refueling area will coordinate with an FCA aircraft controlling the operations and remain clear by at
least 15 nautical miles during the periods of time the refueling area is active.
11. Standard Climb-Out. The procedures contained in the VFA 0-FAA agreement (s) referred to in this
manual are to be complied with. The profile climb-out procedures are directive in nature. The restriction
to the refueling areas will appear in the A/C Manual's Guide with subsequent changes to this manual.
RESCIND: FAAC CONREGULATJONS 56APASC/A-56 dated 9 Jan 63. The briefing officer will assure that
the crew has information of latest changes affecting the ceiling, floor, and boundaries of the airspace for the
change in the Air Force's Guide is not possible. The briefing officer will be responsible for briefing
the changes in the refueling areas to the crew through official briefing, the AIP notice and revision
and to record the change in the aircraft records. The changes in the airspace characteristics and the
new areas (s)

12. AVC. Numbered air forces will coordinate directly with PAA Region and/or FAA ARTCC for
clearance and communications on those areas designated for AVC Operations. AIRCRAFT ENGAGED IN AVC
OPERA* . The FAA Liaison Officer at the numbered air force headquarters may be requested to assist
in this coordination.
13. CREDIT. After approval, the Region will forward the approved coordinates and flight levels
to the APPDV& for appropriate officer at this headquarters for delivery.
14. CHARLIE. The new area or the changes to a revised area will be effective 15 days after the
date of the transmittal letter of the changes to the A/C Manual's Guide is issued.

1. COORDINATION. Communications-dangerous plans will be coordinated to this department of the
AFFCP by the numbered air forces involved. AIRCRAFT will be notified of impending hazards affecting the operation
will report over the entrance and exit points.
2. RECEIVER AIRCRAFT COMMANDERS WITH:

(1) Prior to rendezvous with tanker aircraft, advise Air Traffic Control that the ATC
frequency will not be guarded for a specified period while conducting the refueling operation.  Further
contacts should be addressed through the tanker aircraft involved in the refueling operation.