The image contains two maps showing the path of a solar eclipse across different regions of the United States and Canada. There is also accompanying text that describes the details of the solar eclipse event.

As an OCR system, the text output from this document is as follows:

Scorpion Shines in South
A total eclipse of the sun, visible along a path about 100 miles wide from Ottawa, Canada, and Maine, July 20, is the astronomical event of the month.
By JAMES STOKLEY

WITH THE COMING of the summer season, the southern skies come to the fore. And foremost among the stellar attractions this month is the scorpion, Scorpius, the largest and most conspicuous of all the southern constellations.

This celestial scorpion, now well up in the southern heavens as darkness falls, contains the first-magnitude star Antares, a wonderfully ruddy star that marks the scorpion's heart. Antares, which means "rival of Mars," is so called because of its reddish hue, similar to that of the planet Mars.

Around Antares and the other bright stars of Scorpius are clustered a number of fainter stars that outline the scorpion's outline fairly well. The sting in the tail is particularly well marked.

The eclipse will be seen over a wide area, though the path of totality, where the sun is completely obscured, extends only about 100 miles wide. The eclipse will be total along a line running from about Ottawa, Canada, to Houlton, Me. Outside this path, the eclipse will be partial, with the moon covering only a portion of the sun's surface.

Those within the path of totality will see the sun's bright disk gradually obscured as the moon moves steadily across it. For a brief period of up to 2 1/2 minutes, the sun's outer atmosphere, the corona, will be visible, surrounding the black disk of the moon. The stars will come out, and the landscapes will take on a strange, eerie aspect.

The eclipse will be visible in the late afternoon sky. It begins in the northwestern United States shortly before 5 p.m., Eastern Daylight Time, and ends in the northeast about 7 p.m.

The next total eclipse of the sun visible in the United States will not occur until July 11, 1991. Those who fail to see this year's event will have to wait over a quarter of a century for the next one.

The eclipse map shows the areas where the eclipse will be visible, with the path of totality indicated. The symbols for the stars at the lower right indicate their relative brightness.