The image contains a photograph. The photograph appears to be a scanned document or report, likely from Project Blue Book. The document contains text describing an encounter with an unidentified flying object (UFO) that the witness observed.

Text from the document:

of Tala Verde that looked like an approaching car on the street that ran past my place. I was about to wave to the one where I shor and wa opposite from by street by fellow oak.

I was going to shout, thinking it was a farmer who had an entrance there, but at that moment we 30 or 20 meters 2 people walking illuminated by the lights of the vehicle, their clothes as/lights of the vehicle made me a bit suspicious.

I arote here that up to this moment I had not felt the slightest bit of fear, but the shock came so great when the vehicle burned its lights and I couldn't see the vehicle nor the people that I became frightened, all at once I saw a light that was very near me and was coming towards me. The light was red. It didn't sha from the one gave out those very fine rays of .ELECTRICITY that made my face and eyes sting. On the other hand it made a small sound which I couldn't find similar to anything. The light came upon me, I surrendered and spoke to it as a dead person. From then on I lost the notion of the trust.

My knees gave way. Fear had overtaken me. I asked God to help me and when it was at more or less a meter away from me I took my revolver out of its holster and fired at once at the light. It made a sound as if steel has been rubbed against a piece of something this light gave out a sound like a metallic sound of a car and went backwards a few meters. It took a blue light appearance and took off in at high rate of speed forward, illuminating upward. I fired another shot at the grounds and went into the field looking for shelter in an top of a small hill that I had previously noticed when I first stopped the truck.

When I had calculated that I was near the hill I shouted "Farmer''...........

From the hill two red lights appeared, that were more like mirrors than lights because they didn't illuminate rather they traced and reflected my steps. Then in my desperation I thought Tala Verde but the blue light which I had seen previously didn't return.