The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Text found in the document:

Light Chases Youths
Two young men, 17 and 19, and their companion, 17, were driving along Illinois Route 37 south of their homes shortly after midnight on the morning of 5 August 1963. They reported seeing a bright light approaching them rapidly from behind. The sighting may have been the first of a series of unusual occurrences which happened to them.

As the light approached their car, it appeared to be about the size of a basketball and was brightly illuminated. It passed over the car and went back to its original position. The youths then noticed that their radio, which they had tuned in, went static and that the compass in the car was spinning about. They could not account for the time that had elapsed from the moment the light passed over the car and when they came to their normal senses. 

Approximately 15 minutes later, as they neared their homes, the light reappeared, this time to the south of them, and moved rapidly across the sky in a north-south direction, again passing near their car. This time the light seemed to be larger in size, about the size of a basketball, and was brighter. After it passed, the radio and compass once more functioned normally.

When the youths reached their homes, they immediately notified officials at a nearby Air Force intelligence unit. This was about 2:00 a.m. 5 August 1963. The Air Force officer who received the report stated that it was then that he realized that the party of observers had watched the flight path of the object from the time it first appeared until it disappeared. He immediately dispatched a patrol car to pick up the youths and bring them to the Air Force base for questioning.

The questioning revealed that the youths had driven to their homes, had entered the house, and had sat momentarily as though stunned or confused. They then went outside and saw the light in the south and called the Air Force intelligence unit. 

The youths were examined by the base medical officer and found to be in a normal physical condition. They stated that it was their impression that it was only a few minutes from the time the light first appeared until they reached their homes, although their watches indicated a lapse of about 15 minutes. They were also questioned concerning any unusual sensations they may have experienced, but they could recall nothing out of the ordinary other than the strange behavior of their radio and compass.

Later, when Air Force intelligence units and a physicist consulted the youths, it was explained to them that we were the unusual incidents. We will fill the Air Force officer in on the details, and request that they notify the authorities concerning their explanation.