Information only
Source: Source News, Vol 12, p. [illegible], March 1953                    Flagstaff, Arizona
                                                                           29 Oct and 27 Nov 1953


FLYING SAUCERS ON THE MOON: The following is quoted from an incomplete account that saucer researcher Guy J. Cyr, S.M., has circulated to SAUCER NEWS and a number of newspapers:

"On Oct. 29th and Nov. 27th, 1953, Dr. James C. Greemacre and at least four other astronomers at Flagstaff, Arizona, observed on or near the Moon 31 'spots', which turned out to be huge spaceships. After much consultation with the good friends and especially the Air Force, he finally published the breath-taking experience, a few details at a time.

"These 31 craft were gigantic, ranging in size from about 1,000 feet across to three miles. Yet, from the observers' words and statistics, it is obvious that at least some of these ships were moving while they were being watched. They were symmetrical and of various colors, which at times were brilliant. These circular, cylindrical, diamond-shaped and U-shaped 'spots' and two double-test-tube patterns, one of which lasted for one hour and fifty minutes.

"And that's not all! Between these 'spots' there were 'tiny dots.' The expression, of course, is very misleading, for these so-called 'dots' had to be at least 500 feet across since they were discernible. They were white, and they 'ran along' the larger ones which at times were ruby in color. Dr. Greemacre said that the display remained him of one of our own man-made devices; a set of electric lights going on and off according to an intelligently controlled rhythm. Yes, in spite of his well-known adamant former skepticism in regard to reports of changes on the lunar surface, he had enough honesty and courage to acknowledge that this spectacular show on the Moon remained his of a neon sign made up of red and white lights behaving each other' across it.

"But last May, Dr. Greemacre emphatically stated that these 'colors' were just clouds, clouds of any kind....."