There is no photograph present in the given image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report containing text.

JAPA PRESENTS A SPECIAL REPORT ON
WILLOW GROVE, AUSTRALIA SIGHTING
FEBRUARY 15, 1963

(Editors Note: On the 15th of February of this year, Mr. Charles Brew
reported to JAPA that he had a full report of a UFO sighting over his dairy farm.
The original account of Mr. Brew's sighting was published in our June 1963 issue.)

(Continued from front page)
Mr. Brew and Mr. Peter Norris, president of U.F.O.S.I.R.S., along with the transcript of the tapes, asked us to publish the results of the interview we had with Mr. Brew on February 15th, together with photocopies of the letters and drawings).

Q. Could you tell me about the object as you first made your sighting?
A. It would be about 10 past 7, it was. Yes, 10 past 7, definitely. 
Q. Can you describe the object as you first saw it?
A. Yes. How did I notice the object? Some down? I was - through I'd say - through I'd say,
Q. Yes. How did you notice the object? Something caught your eye, I presume?
A. Yes, something caught my eye, and it was like - and it was fairly low - fairly low and it
Q. And what did the object look like when you first saw it?
A. Well, what made me think that there was something - it was an unusual object - was the fact that it wasn't an aeroplane or a satellite or anything that I'd ever seen before. Ever seen one of these.
Q. What did it look like?
A. Well, it wasn't like anything I'd ever seen before. It was sort of - well, I couldn't really make out the shape of it - but it seemed to change shape as it went along. It wasn't round or - or oval or anything like that. It was just - well, it was an unusual object.
Q. Can you give me an idea of the size of the object?
A. Well, I'd say it was about the size of a large car from where I was standing. Of course, I couldn't be certain, you know - that's only an estimate. 
Q. Yes, and about the same distance from you as a large car would be?
A. Yes, that would be quite right. It was about the same distance as a large car would be.
Q. And what color was it?
A. Well, it had a bit of a metallic sheen to it. It seemed to be made of some sort of metallic material. It wasn't - it wasn't one solid color, it seemed to change as it moved along.
Q. And what direction was it traveling in?
A. Well, it came in from my left - from the west - and it was heading in a northerly direction. 
Q. And can you give me an idea of the speed it was traveling at?
A. Well, it certainly wasn't traveling as fast as a jet plane or anything like that. It was - it was more of a steady, uniform speed, not real fast, but not real slow either. I'd say it was probably traveling at something like 300 to 400 miles an hour, perhaps.
Q. And how long did you observe the object for?
A. Well, I'd say about 2 to 3 minutes, maybe a little longer. It just seemed to glide along at a steady pace.
Q. And what happened to the object then?
A. Well, after 2 or 3 minutes, it just seemed to accelerate and disappear off into the distance. It just took off at tremendous speed and was gone.
Q. And did the object make any sound that you could hear?
A. No, none at all. It was completely silent. That's what really struck me about it - the fact that there was no sound coming from it at all.
Q. And after the object disappeared, did you do anything about reporting the sighting?
A. Yes, I did. I contacted the local police station and reported what I had seen. They said they would pass the information on to the appropriate authorities.
Q. And did you subsequently hear anything more about the sighting from the authorities?
A. No, I didn't. I never heard anything more about it from them.

(Interview continued, next page)