The image contains a photograph of a typed report from Project Blue Book, which appears to describe a UFO sighting. The report includes a description of the object observed, including its shape, color, and movement. There is no image or photograph included in this particular page.

Transcription of the text in the document:

MT VERNON, ILLINOIS - August 9, 1963 - - 10:30-10:40 PM CDT
This pilot, has 21 yrs of USAF Res. pilot service and still active in AF reserve. He presently is employed as a wholesale sales representative. 

The object moved:  
Sporadically in a very slow speed, just sufficient to be in movement, but appeared to be hovering at times.
Distance from 
Witness approx. 15 
miles. 
Witness stated: as the object came into my view, I watched it very closely, it moved as if suspended on a string, there was no means of propulsion visible, no tail, wings, or protuberances that I could see. Size of object about two hats in diameter. It appeared red-reddish orange in color, similar to TV lower beacon. Height was arm's length. 
1. (Stop) - Light maintained color depth but seemed smaller in size. 
2. (Stop) Light flared up again as object started to move.
3. (Step) Larger than usual, light did not lose depth or color. Size diminish occasionally.
4. (Stop) Object stops, light goes smaller, than brighten and goes swiftly down below the trees.

People Watch Sky
For Curious Light
MOUNT VERNON, M (UPI)--People here were watching the sky tonight as a curious light moved slowly overhead and then disappeared behind trees.
Mrs. Mary Bishop said he saw one of the lights about 10:15 p.m. It was a large, round, bluish light, she said, and it moved slowly across the sky, hovered for a moment and then moved off behind the trees.
It is the second time such lights have been reported in the area. Last week residents of Breckenridge Center, north of here, saw similar lights a week ago. They said the lights, which were described as round and white, hovered over the car and then moved off.