The image appears to be a scanned page from a historical document related to Project Blue Book, a UFO investigation program by the United States Air Force. The page contains no photograph, only text.

Here is the text transcription from the document:

Linfield College
McMinnville, Oregon

November 1, 1964

Mr. J. A. Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Mr. Hynek:

Your letter of November is much appreciated, and the more I think about it the more I am sorry that I have been unable to give you the other details involved in the strange sightings we had here on the campus last spring.

As I have said to you in the past, I do want to be very careful not to divulge anything that relates to my institution in a way that could be embarrassing. I have to refer to my original notes in order to explain fully my impressions and feelings about the thing we saw. I can only say that it was a most extraordinary experience, and I am still not certain whether we should have made it public or not. There are pros and cons, as you well know.

At any rate, I trust you will keep this information in your private files and not use it for any other purpose, since I have to be extremely careful about not discussing this matter further with anyone but you.

As I think I mentioned to you, the incident occurred in the evening, shortly after dark, and lasted for quite some time. I would estimate the total duration to have been perhaps 20 minutes or a little more. Several of us saw it, and we were all greatly impressed by what we saw. It was not an ordinary aircraft, not even a jet, and I am quite confident in saying that it was something we have never encountered before in this area.

I suppose the only way I can describe it is to say that it seemed to be a large, silent, hovering object which gave off a very brilliant light. It would suddenly shoot off in one direction, stop abruptly, and then return to its original position. This happened a number of times, and the speed with which it moved was truly astonishing. 

I think this is about all I can say without going into too much detail. I hope you understand my reluctance to discuss this further, but I do want you to know that I am at your service should you have any other questions. Please let me know how you finally resolve this mystery.

Cordially yours,
[Signature redacted]