There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a written report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

No Case (Information only)
21 July, 1963
Radcliffe, England

SOURCE: Flying saucer moved - apparently 40-60 ft. 
This thing moved from north to south rapidly. There 
were no lights on it at all, and it made no sound. 
Another man who saw the thing thought it was on fire.

*There were three men here and they all saw this thing
go by at an incredible rate of speed. They tried to 
figure out what it was, but no satisfactory explanation 
was found. This is just one of the many things that have
been seen and reported, and this is the only way we can 
get to the bottom of this problem. The strange part is
that so many people could see a red glow around the
object at the same time. All the neighbours were out, 
looking at it. I don't know if there is any way to the 
this mystery, but it has happened.

Mr. Bird's brother thought it was a satellite, but the 
satellite would have been too small to see, and besides it
did not have the steady light that a satellite has. 
These people on other planets - or whatever they are - 
seem to be doing more and more to show themselves to the 
world. In these cases we can see strange shapes in the 
sky, and unusual things happen like the apparent splitting
of the object into two parts. How long this will go on,
no one can tell, but you think more and more people will
see these strange things.

Medway towns mystery
The Gillingham, Rochester and
Gillingham, Essex on August 7, 
1963 at about 10 P.M. a mysterious
phenomenon was observed in the
sky by many people. During the
day sight fully 613 separate
reported describes th
phenomenon in virtually identi
terms. They reported a steady
glowing object, clearly visi
the clear sky, which moved
the horizon at an altitude
about 2,000 feet. There were 
variations of meteorological inter
pretations. On a night when the
sky was clear, the object seemed
to be a kind of illuminated sphere 
as an inverted saucer. At a certain
moment it seemed to separate into
two parts, which then reunited, sti
examining the atmosphere.