I say:

Love and understanding is something that can be shared by everyone throughout the world, without a loss to anyone, but, yes, a path to all mankind.

Sincerely -- (Jim)

[redacted] - Box [redacted]
Toussville, Alabama

P.S. I don't know how I added so much more, but I thought of you being close to Mr. Kennedy. -- I have been a poor boy in my life (materially) but oh, how I've been blessed so many other ways especially with a large beautiful family, and especially being one of the lucky one's to have been born under the stars and stripes of old glory. (Please excuse part!)

P.P.S. How about a small snapshot?

Upon request, from you, if you wish, I will send you a diagram of that craft we saw and how it happened. They move not shaped like "lighters planes or the sons, but more like a "rocker type a[?]

This occurred over "De Soto County," Alabama. Which is about 15 miles from Russellville James Center. That is the direction they came, when they re-entered.

I don't claim to not doubt what we saw: We have not discussed it with one exception -- my brother outlaw! -- and when we ask it, we immediately knew what we saw, was to-me-archive of some sort of rocket plus or rockets.

Enclosed, you will find some pictures of a project at a school where I am a co-ordinator. I received a picture (?) from Ralph Duncan of the President to present to this school. Many people asked my guts for this. Wasn't that pathetic?"

The Captain Mason who volunteered from the 4th U.S. Army to deliver this film and Sgt. E.R. Huddleston (Patriotic Instructor of the V.F.W. I would like very much to send document (affidavit) covering these two men and also Mr. J. A. (Jim) Morris who loaned me and (3) trucks to install flag pole and set up a small no recognition. I owe it to America. out will you please tell me where and who I can contact to have these men cited (for their efforts) for a very worthwhile project?

Please return pictures. - Then I'll send an affidavit and the exact names and addresses and the glory in detail.