The image contains a typed document with a heading "CALIFORNIA BOLIVD. OF 1963. NOVEMBER 7/8 A.M.S. NO. 2579". The document appears to be a report detailing a UFO sighting over California on November 7/8, 1963. There is no photograph present in this image.

CALIFORNIA BOLIVIA. OF 1963. NOVEMBER 7/8 
A.M.S. NO. 2579

On this date at 6:11 p.m. P.S.T. a bright lights appeared over California, coming to a sudden stop and hovering for some time. Numerous people in the area observed this strange occurrence and promptly reported it to the Air Force. A report of this incident was made by Lt. J. L. Mosley, G.S.W.C. Monitoring Team, Station C-6, who in turn advised Captain Ronald D. Lee, 841st ACWI Sq., Hq. CONAD, who is the Air Defense Director for Central California. It was also reported by Major Edward P. Welch, A.M.S.S. Eastern Director for the Central California area. 

The object, described as a brilliant steady light, was observed moving a high rate of speed, stopped suddenly, and hovered for a time. Several observers stated that an oscillating motion could be seen. The object then accelerated and disappeared from sight. It was estimated to be about 10-15 feet in diameter. 

Maj. Welch and Lt. Mosley stated that aircraft from nearby Moffett Field reported visual contact with the object. Although their radar system was not able to locate it, the controllers stated that an unidentified object was in the area. 

Sgt. James E. Freeman, ARA, also reported observing the object. It was first sighted by him at 6:04 p.m. He did not see the beginning, as he had just arrived on the scene. He stated that he observed the object from 6:04 to 6:11 p.m. during which time it hovered, maneuvered, and executed a zigzag pattern. Sgt. Freeman estimated the size as approximately 10-15 feet in diameter. 

To the persons previously mentioned, the press, and the numerous other observers, the object appeared quite remarkable. But it had the opposite effect on the Air Force personnel involved, who seemed rather indifferent and unconcerned. Apparently, they have become somewhat accustomed to these occurrences to the extent that they no longer excite much comment.

Mrs. Jean McGinnis saw the object. Unfortunately, her report was sent duplicate. The same is true of several other witnesses whose names and statements were not obtained. 

This report, A.M.S. No. 2579, was prepared by A. D. Thomas and Mrs. Eileen F. Thomas.