There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

this time, the car sputtered and the radio started to crackle and stopped playing. Although it was directly after midnight, the neighborhood dogs began to howl. This car was being driven at its maximum speed on a gravel road. Upon reaching home, the car continued to sputter and it appeared to be running out of gas. It had traveled about two hundred yards from the house. At this time the lights in the house were extinguished and the occupants turned off their porch light. Martha State Trooper Richard Gidcumb of Wayne City and State Trooper Richard Gidcumb sent to the Austin farm to witness the sightings. They made approaches and attempted to investigate further but were unable to make an apprehension. The three law enforcement officers observed the object for a period of time and they concluded that the object was beyond their control as it rose in the air and then left. 

Donald Sheriff Mary Lee of Wayne County, Marshall George Sexton of Wayne City and State Trooper Richard Gidcumb sent to the Austin farm to witness the sightings. They made approaches and attempted to investigate further but were unable to make an apprehension. The three law enforcement officers observed the object for a period of time and they concluded that the object was beyond their control as it rose in the air and then left.

Beginning at about 10:30 pm on the evening of 7 August 1953, at approximately 0:0302 hours, two State Troopers observed an object which appeared to be moving from west to east. The object appeared as a red light with occasional flashes and/or fire streaks. The object then appeared as two objects and one object traveled from the south-east and the other traveled towards the north-east and disappeared.

Subsequent to the field investigation additional confirmation of a suspected sighting in the area was claimed. Mt. Louis Banter was contacted for low altitude flights and Kansas City for high altitude flights. This investigation was conducted for flights to the 25th of August 1953. Eastern Airlines Flight 565 over Evansville at 2243Z was found to be consistent with the object sighted in 1953. Also during the 7-8 August 1953 period, a commercial flight from Nashville to St Louis at 0411Z was found to be consistent with activity in the area. Information received revealed that the 3537 was taking the area on the flights on 6/7/9/1953. Call made to Ft Campbell, Ky. PPC Lar Baltimore (Operations) checked records to assure that restricted area was not in use. This ruled out possibility of missiles or activity.