There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. However, the image contains text describing a "Mystery Light" sighting and investigation by the Air Force.

Air Force Solves Lights Mystery
Explanation: Fireboll and Jet Bomber
The Air Force has come up with an explanation for those mysterious lights reported in the sky over an area near Fairfield, Illinois. It was all the work of the moon, said the Air Force experts.

The lights, which appeared brighter than any star, were actually caused by the reflection of moonlight on a fast-moving jet bomber, the Air Force disclosed. The size and brightness of the lights had led to speculation that they were much higher than any conventional bomber.

If was also revealed that other lights seen in the area recently were those of a fireboll, a rare phenomenon brighter than any star. The fireboll, the Air Force said, is caused by a solid object entering the earth's atmosphere at a high velocity and burning up.

The information was relayed to the Air Force base in nearby Vandalia from residents who had reported the strange lights. The Vandalia base in turn passed the details on to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, site of Project Blue Book, the Air Force's official agency for investigating UFO reports.

Air Force Probes 
"Mystery Light" 
Special to The Daily News
WAYNE CITY -- An Air Force intelligence officer was sent to Wayne City Saturday to investigate a "mystery light" spotted in the skies over the area by a Wayne County farm family.

The light, according to Lt. H.C. Kinsey, was seen about 12:30 a.m. Monday over western Wayne County and near the Southern Illinois University campus. Mike Hill, 37, operator of a farm near Fairfield, said he and another man saw the light early Monday, then reported it to the Air Force.

Hill said the light was estimated to be about 800 feet off the ground. It appeared and disappeared at intervals, he said, and was described as a bright, pulsating object about the size of a basketball. 

The Air Force is investigating the incident.