San Francisco City
Source: APRO Bulletin, November 1963

7 Oct., 1963
Trancas, Argentina

FAMILY BESEIGED BY DISCS

Beseiged . . .
(Continued from Page One) V

they could stay there, they were afraid
to leave because of the machines hover-
ing outside, so Senora de Moreno instruct-
ed all to be as quiet as possible.

After forty minutes of this discomfort
and fear, the witnesses, who had watched
the proceedings outside all the time, saw
the object at the railroad tracks elevate
and move away, followed by the discs
which surrounded the house. Just before
taking off, the light on the two closest
discs went out and they followed the
others off in the direction of the neigh-
boring farms. Where the two closest discs
had hovered there remained a misty
smoke-like deposit for several minutes.

Several hours later a reporter for
"Chism," a newspaper in Cordoba Prov-
ince, also providing information for
France Press Service, visited the de Mo-
renos. He later reported that the strong
sulphur smell was still apparent both
around and inside the de Moreno house
and the inside of the house was still defin-
itely hot when he arrived there.

Corroboration

Corroboration of the presence of the
discs in the area between 9:50 and 10:20
was furnished by Francisco Troupano,
who, not knowing of the Moreno in-
cident, had reported seeing a formation
of "squadron" of lighted disc-like shapes
moving through the sky at about 10:15
p.m. when the de Morenos said the discs
were leaving their area.

The presence of the heat and odor
tests the reports arrived, plus Troupano's testimony concerning the discs leav-
ing about the time that de Morenos
claimed they left, seem to indicate that
this incident is true, especially in view
of the good reputation for integrity and
honesty of the de Moreno family.

At 8:50 p.m. on the 21st of Oct., ...,
Senor Antonio de Moreno was at a
at his ranch near Trancas, Argentin..., by
a 18-year-old employee who told him
there had apparently been an accident on
the railroad tracks about a half mile dis-
tant as there was a lot of light and peo-
ple moving around at that location.

De Moreno, T.V. owner, and another person, [illegible],
Kalrus de Morena, 63, and they both
looked out the window. Over the railroad
track just a few feet in the air there hov-
ered an oval-shaped object which was
projecting light to the ground where de
de Morenen saw "people" walking to and
fro, apparently always in single file. Se-
nora de Moreno then spotted another
similar object very close to the house.
She could see a dome-shaped structure,
about 23 feet in diameter, as well as
windows or ports around the circumfer-
ence of the object. This object too was
just a few feet off the ground. The Se-
nora got a flashlight and shone it toward
the disc, whereupon it shot a bright-white
tubular beam of light at the house. Al-
though she stayed fairly calm through-
out the whole episode, Senora de Moreno,
not knowing the meaning of the incident,
rounded up the children in the ranch
house, with the help of her sister, and
hid them. Then the de Morenos began
a systematic check of all the windows
and shortly discovered that there were
five discs near the house—three stayed
about 210-225 feet distant, and two, in-
cluding the nearest one which she saw
first, were within only a few feet. One
shone the white tubular light at the
house, the other a reddish-violet tubular
light.

House Heated Up like Oven

Shortly after the lights struck the
house, the inside of the house began to
heat up until it was "like an oven." There
was a strong smell of sulphur in
the air. Although the heat became so
intense that the occupants didn't think

(See Beseiged—Page 5)