NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: APRO BULLETIN JAN '64

The A.P.R.O. Bulletin is the official copyrighted publication of the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (A.P.R.O.), 3910 E. Desert Place, Tucson, Arizona, and is issued every other month to members only. The Aerial Phenomena Research Organization is a non-profit group dedicated to the eventual solution of the mystery of the unidentified objects which have been present in the skies for hundreds of years. Inquiries regarding membership may be made to the above address.

TUCSON, ARIZONA -- JANUARY, 1964

DISC SUBMERGED IN BRAZILIAN RIVER

(Continued from Page One)

eby. If the disc sank through the water and in turn the mud as the boiling up of water and then mud seem to indicate, it may have proceeded through the muddy river bed to solid rock underneath.

In order to daily assess the meaning of this incident which is pretty well established as having occurred, we must take into consideration of all the factors. Although some detectors were used and the Brazilian equivalent of the Civil Engineers attempted finding and salvaging the disc, reports do not indicate any success of any kind, on even the location of the disc.

"We must consider the possibility that the disc, after settling to the bottom, either proceeded through a tremendous opening or some sort away from its initial resting place and is now resting in the original spot. If so, it could be anywhere in that river. Why the disc indicates that it may have been manned and if so perhaps repairs could be utilized either water and escape from the river and mud accomplished during the night hours, at some

spot more isolated than where it originally sank.

UFOs of various types have been seen going into and coming out of the water so we must not assume that this particular disc is necessarily trapped even though it is a tempting assumption to make. Time will tell and it may be that the disc will be pulled out of the river eventually. It may be, too, that other UFOs have already come to the disc aid and have either destroyed or salvaged it.

The only similar incident we have located in AFRO files is the incident which took place off the coast of Venezuela on the 31st of December 1958. A swedish ship "called the harbor control at La Guaira saying that a strange, cone-shaped object was falling vertically into the sea, and that it was very brilliant and gave off strange glares." The time was 9:30 p.m., and the object was seen by the Captain and several of the crew. When the object hit the water an explosion was heard, then the sea where the object fell became brilliantly colored. After the colors subsided the sea became very disturbed with a "boiling motion," which continued for some time.

It is not known whether or not the object was in trouble in this incident but there is a similarity between the foregoing sighting and the disc which fell into the Paropava River.

On the 31st of October 1963, Pute de Souza, 6-year-old daughter of Eida de Souza who live near Iguape, Brazil, heard a strange and increasing roar and on looking to see where it came from, was terrified to observe a silvery object coming toward the river near her home. The object soared over her house, then above her, there's path near near the top and began to "write" and struggle in the air above the river. Often it fell into the Paropava River near the opposite shore.

Baba began to run to her home to tell her Mother, and met her Nothing coming out Mrs. de Pouza had also heard the roar and ran to investigate. Shortly Baul de Souza, Baba's uncle, came upon the scene. He, too, had heard the roar where he was working about 300 feet from the house. All three stood in amazement as they watched the water "boil up" in the spot where the disc had fallen. The water continued to surge up, followed by an eruption of muddy water and then mud.

On the opposite shore of the river fishermen including perhaps Toshio Hoshigawa had witnessed the event and it was form Ionishawa that investigators and reporters obtained sufficient description that led to the estimation of size of the object--about 25 feet in diameter. All described the disc as like polished aluminum and shaped like a "wash basin." The object appeared to be at about 20 feet altitude when it hit the tree. It was in level flight until that time and after it struck it began its gyrations which led to the conclusion of the witnesses that it was experiencing trouble of some sort.

During the ensuing weeks, divers of various sorts began to attempt a salvage operation. At first, divers using only face masks tried but failed, to be followed by scuba divers and eventually a professional deep sea diver with full diving suit and air compressor came to attempt to locate the disc. At last report, nothing had been found and all the divers complained of the hampering effect of the mud at the bottom of the river. The Paropava is 12 feet deep at the point where the disc sank and has a muddy bottom comprised of about 13 feet of mud and

(See Disc Submerged--Page 2)