The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

No Case (Information Only)
July 1963
Charles, England

Saucer: Flying Saucer Review - May-Dec.

Interesting feature - were four slight indentations and were 20 ft. long and started 6 ft. from the centre. The two single imprints the length of the circle were oblong, and the soil inside the field were disturbed, the centre of the potato field was in an undisturbed state. Depressions in the earth 4 ft. wide and 3 in. deep and where they had been the vegetation had disappeared, including weeds and corn.

Dowsing reactions: A circular dowsing zone of radius 35 ft. extended from the centre of the circle. The readings were intense, reactions along the four radii coincident with the slots and also along the eight spokes at 30 degree intervals. Was visited Charlton again on July 21 and found the same moving reactions.

On July 25 Dr. Read, of the BACC, planned to survey the site, but poor weather prevented him from doing so. No instruments had been written to about the hole, so it remains a mystery at the time. There is mention of stone (apparently responsible for the readings on the instruments) had been found, and Patrick Moore said it could be a meteorite.

The Charlton crate - Sir, I expect you would many reports of the alleged "flying saucer" marks at Charlton yesterday when the "saucer" was apparently reported to have landed. But perhaps this will interest you from the viewpoint of the marks made on the ground.

On July 19 - here is my description of the time with comments with Mr. Bleached and later with Patrick Moore and Mr. Binchad (a local landowner):

(1) The marks were found near the path leading to a gate, about 80 yards from the road. Newspaper reports (these were later confirmed by Mr. Binchad) gave the diameter as 60 ft. and 1 ft. deep. At the centre was a circular cone, 16 in. diameter and 6 in. deep, and four slots radiating from the central cone, each slot 6 ft. long and 1 ft. wide. 

(2) When we arrived, a square of soil, measuring 6 ft. by 6 ft. and 6 in. deep, had been removed, and in this hole there was some black, carbonised, charcoaly material. It looked as if the original earth had been there and then removed, and the hole usually would have been filled in but was not. 

(3) The vegetation all round the edges of the circle was undisturbed, and the soil within the circle was just as compacted as that outside. The only noticeable features were the slots, the cone at the centre and the hole.

Later on we discussed the hole with Patrick Moore, who said:
(1) The marks were found in the first week of July at a local people's request.
(2) The cow was found dead, with strange marks on its body, some distance from the "saucer" site and I don't know if this has anything to do with the "saucer" landing.
(3) The "saucer" left no imprint - Patrick Moore said it could have landed on landing pads and he was baffled by the phenomenon. He said it did not appear to be a hoax, as it was too extensive and the marks coherent.