The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

CRATERS
(Continued from Page 1)
Several of surface vegetation were found later. One was under a sod in the field placed for an apparent soil sample. This was twelve feet in diameter and about two feet in depth. This field was located near the Galloch Farm, Scarsdale, New York. A third disturbance was found. Its shape resembled that of a hand with the fingers spread out. This portion was one half of a square foot and the indentations were 1/2 inch in depth. Another crater was located a distance of forty yards from the first two. This one was circular, about three feet in diameter and two feet in depth. A ring of disturbed crops was also in this section. Nearby fields but unexplained disturbances have evidently indicated an interest of healthy crops to get to it. 
British plants dispose quite a regular pattern of physical disturbances which resemble scorch marks. These disturbances suggest the use of an old World War II rocket launching site which had been modernized and used for a new purpose. The scientists at first felt this would be the meteoritic explanation. First contact with the atom was not sought. Flurry of activity about the center area of the circular crater were found.
Around this first Charlotte crater was discovered, other explorers began activities. Most located in rather remote distant from cities, but still in Scarsdale, Westchester County, Scotland, in the Lanarkshire Hills near Stane. In the Lannermuir Hills near Stonykirk, Dumfriesshire, more were found. The earliest finds in Stanykirk produced craters which were twelve feet apart, 15 feet in diameter, and dished shaped, up to 2 1/2 feet in depth. Rings of scorched grass or spring were evident each crater and extended to a distance of 30 yards beyond the hole. A number of similar craters were found at a distance of 40 yards beyond the holes and a number of smaller ground markings. The craters at Stanykirk were found 35 feet from the craters. In late July, some more craters were discovered near the Stanykirk site. Some of these were "freshly cut" with green edges, indicating a very recent origin, whereas others were overgrown with weeds. 
According to APRO (APRO Bulletin) of Cambridge, "The large circle measure some 30 feet across and within it were three more circles or craters about 12 feet in diameter. The craters were on a slight slope and from the lower center to the upper slope extended about 18 yards wide. The channel from the latter crater was about a quarter of a yards long. Both eventually joined small streams. According to eyewitnesses walks, the long channels did not look at all like anything which might have been caused by runoff or drainage, but rather resembled something which had been cut in the sod or earth, and then widened."