NO CASE: Information Only                                    12 Oct 43 63
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review                                  Monte Maiz, Argentina
        Nov-Dec 65


**Monte Maiz (Province of Córdoba)**

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW for January-February
1964 gave a brief outline of the case of an
old Argentine truck driver, Eugenio Douglas, who
had an alarming encounter with gigantic UFO
entities. Many more details of the affair have since
come to hand, and in view of the importance of this
case I am sure that readers will want to have
comprehensible record recorded here.

It was 3.30 a.m. on October 12, when Señor
Douglas was taking a load of coal along the road
between Frayle Muerto and Villa Verde, bound for
his home town of Vega in the Province of
Santa Fé. He had not just started, when, at 5 points about 3 km. beyond Monte Maiz,
as he climbed up a powered slope, he first
thought it might be some vehicle with full head-
lights, but soon perceived that there was only one
beam.

He saw fika burning and prickling sensation on
the face, as though from "fiery needles". An
intense nausea accompanied the approaching beam
of light, and it seemed that the insides of his
cerebral were burning. He rolled, and half fainting,
out of the truck, his lorry went into the ditch.
Climbing out a few moments later, dazed but
otherwise apparently unharmed, he saw that
the blinding light was an oval or round object
hovering over the road. It was impossible to estimate
of its size, but it seemed to be at least 30 ft. high.
The pouring rain hammered against his face and
extrement, but what soon followed he saw very clearly
indeed.

Suddenly another light, less blinding, appeared
at the side of the object. It was a door opening,
and from it there emerged three enormous beings
in human form, whom he described as "robots".
Their height was tremendous. He told the Police
later: "Perhaps four or five metres, or even
more."

Their clothing, of a nature and appearance
which he was unable to describe, seemed to be
"stuck to their bodies". On their heads were
showing letters, from which their short
antennae, "like those of a snail", (Douglas has no
recollection of the faces of the creatures, but feels
that they could not have been too different from
ours, for although he felt fear, he is emphatic that
he felt no revulsion whatever.)

Seeing him there beside his truck, the entities
shone a beam of red light at him. Or rather, as he

described it, it was not so much one beam of red
light as many red lights, of tremendous power,
which seemed to irradiate his skin as they struck
him. The beams were burning him, and in his
confusion and terror he drew his revolver and
fired three or four shots at them. Then led in panic
back down the road to Monte Maiz, still feeling
himself pursued by the burning red light.

When he had just left the burning and prickling
in his face and eyeballs while still in the truck, he
had also felt a terrible shock with his poncho, and as
he fled down the road he tried to wrap his
head as best he could in the garment. At
some distance, he looked back, and saw that the
creatures were going back into the machine. The
machine then took off, and proceeded to make a
series of dives at him on the road, and at each dive
he again felt the burning and prickling in his body.

At the very moment while this was happening, a
number of residents of Monte Maiz were taking
part in a vigil beside the body of a Señor Ribas
who had died that day. Suddenly they all noticed
that both the lights in the room and candles in the
room resembled were changing colour. At first
they became a bright red, changed then to green,
and finally, to a sickly, asphyxiating gas
which forced them to rush out of the house.

Arriving on the street outside, they observed
the strange spectacle of truck-driver Eugenio
Douglas running madly towards them, waving a
revolver in the air and with his head muffled up.

Out of breath and exhausted, he was uttering
piercing cries for help.

The house where the wake was in progress was
on the outskirts of Monte Maiz, and close by was
the first cluster of street lamps, marking the
beginning of the populated area, and the people
who had just rushed out of the house saw a vivid
display of lights in the sky, and saw the same changes
taking place in the street lamps, which turned red,
then green, and began to give off the same un-
breathable gas.

By now there were many people who were
witnessing all this. For example, there was a
family returning from a party. They too saw the
changes in the street lamps, and a few minutes later
they beheld the truck-driver who, with his face
covered with mud and holding his poncho, was
running wildly round and round one of the lamp
standards.

All these people, with the Ribas family, and autumn-
ious others who had participated in the wake, now
accompanied Douglas to the Police Station, where
he was questioned, documented and examined. The
witnesses also told what they had observed with
the street lamps and the sky. And the Police
realized that this story was entirely true because, at
the very time in question, a number of residents of