There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document page containing text about a UFO sighting in Fairfield, Illinois.

ILLINOIS HOST TO SMALL 'FLAP'
For two weeks, starting on August 5 and ending about August 20, Illinois played host to a small UFO 'flap.' The flap began when a man in Fairfield, Ill., in Wayne county, reported that he noticed a light above and a little behind his car. The light, which he said was as big as an automobile, reportedly swooped near his and sent his car radio into a spin and caused the motor to sputter (a characteristic not too uncommon in many UFO reports).
While he was record at speeds up to 120 m.p.h., but that the light kept pace with his car after the 10 mile chase hone, both young people were much - and his date, and said the light was hovering over the house when he stepped out with a shotgun. It was mystical and had to be put under sedation. For a period of several days after the event, other members of the Fairfield community saw the light.
Upoff, 59, a farmer, who said it lit up a hayyard of his, was so frightened, and many people got up and down to an angle," he said.
Wayne county circuit clerk, described the light as "a cross-shaped affair with a tall on it."
But alas! All the sightings were quickly explained by the Air Force. While we hate to be too critical, since we did not make a personal investigation, we should like to point out: The Air Force said that what was seen was the moon partly hidden by fog. To our knowledge, the moon can seldom or never create an image or to cause car engines to sputter! The other explanations, Jupiter, a firehall, and a refueling operation are a little more convincing to us. Jupiter, which is quite bright at this time of year, is what some saw hovering over his house, a refueling between a jet bomber and a tanker.
A state trooper who saw a falling light actually saw a fireball.
We are presenting in the next couple pages several clippings which will deal with the incidents in more detail. Any further developments will be reported in the next issue.