The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Illuminated ms once more. I wasn't able,due to my excited state to observe the fact that the light came from above or below.
I turned around quickly within the opposite direction, by this time confusing fear had its grasp on me and I started walking towards the open field when I got my hand on a piece of wire. I crossed through a plowed field than through a grove of trees. and was still all of a sudden it stopped,light in front of me and when I moved it moved with me.I decided to move towards it.It stopped in one place and didn't move any more.It looked like a mirror as it wasn't illuminated but reflecting something on the right side of me at about rib level a bright shaped vehicle was gliding off a blue light. It started up one or more motors,that made sounds similar to those of a diesel/engine. It was approximately 3 meters in diameter and 3 meters high which was small.Out of which blue light was coming.They were 60 to 80 centimeters high and long and they were about 1 or more meters separated.
I say someone's move inside,but I didn't see legs,or face.Just a body type form. It through that they had left for good,as it disappeared.
I looked around trying to orientate myself,walking towards the highway in order to arrive at town always looking around and searching all directions,but those little lights never left many appeared to be inter-mechanising signals and the red light was once more in front of me. I approached and they retracted. Every 400 or 500 meters it would stop. About 200 meters from the object on the other's it would again,be human beings or whatever they were walking in the same direction as I,I spoke to them,asking them all kinds of questions and propositions,but nobody answered.One of them came up very close to me in the 20 or 30 meters they walked beside me.
Noticing that he came closer I noticed triangular object in his hand,I was afraid he would place it on my head and I fired a shot. But all I noticed was as if a shadow had fallen backwards.the others kept on for a distance.