The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text.

TWENTY MINUTES OF TERROR
by Jeanie Stivers

Creator's Note: Every year we receive dozens of personal accounts of saucer sightings or encounters. The one that follows is eminently sensible and well written. Though over 20 years old, it has never been published, and we present it with a minimum amount of editing.

I shall endeavor to describe my strange dose after listening to you on the Long John radio show. The experience I had with a flying saucer was last summer. As I related, it was the most frightening and yet the most exciting experience of my entire life.

It started when neighbors, Mr. and Mrs. Middleton, invited me to spend the afternoon with them at their country place near Middletown, New York. We spent the afternoon wading in the creek and bird watching. We became so engrossed in observing the numerous birds that we lost all track of time.

About 9 p.m. we got together some blankets, canned fruit, and other supplies, and drove to a nearby hill to watch the stars. It was a clear, moonless night, and it was quite serene, with the twinkling of the stars and the darkness all around us. There was no moon, and it was quite serene, with the twinkling of the stars and the darkness all around us. 

Suddenly, I became aware of a light coming down from the sky. It was descending rapidly, and it was a bright orange-red in color. At first I thought it might be an airplane, but it was moving too slowly and was not blinking. As it got closer, it became apparent that it was not an airplane at all. It was a huge, round, glowing object. I estimate it was about 30 to 40 feet in diameter. My heart began pounding in fear when I realized what it was.

As it came closer, I could make out the details. It was perfectly round, and the glow seemed to be coming from the entire surface, not from any portholes or windows. There appeared to be a dull metallic band around the outer edge. The glow was amazingly brilliant, yet did not hurt the eyes. Suddenly the object stopped about 50 feet above the ground and just hovered there. I was petrified. My heart was pounding in sheer terror. This was the most terrifying thing of all. That it didn't make a sound was even more terrifying. Then from its center, there appeared a small orange light that began flickering. Then from its center, there appeared a small orange light that began flickering. This seemed to be some type of opening or hatch. I became so frightened I could hardly breathe.

The object just hung there motionless for what seemed an eternity. Then, without any noise or warning, a beam of light shot out from the center. It was a brilliant white-blue color and was shaped like a column. This column of light extended down to the ground, not far from where we were sitting. I clutched at my friends, too petrified to move.

The column of light remained for several minutes, and then suddenly it was gone. The object, still hovering, began moving again, this time upwards. It moved slowly at first, then picked up speed and shot upwards at an incredible rate, disappearing into the night sky. It was gone in a matter of seconds. I will never forget that strange craft and the unearthly silence that surrounded it. 

We sat there for several more minutes, too stunned to speak. Finally, someone suggested we had better get out of there. We hurriedly gathered our things and headed for the car. I shall never forget that terrifying experience with the saucer. To this day, I have been having occasional nightmares about that strange craft.