There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly a science news letter dated April 27, 1963.

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for April 27, 1963
263
IF FIELDS
Drinking Increases Serious Thoughts
SOCIAL DRINKING increases among those doing detailed mental tasks, according to a report presented at the annual meeting of the Eastern Psychological Association in New York.
Research on the effects of social drinking has been going on for some time. A new study announced at the meeting suggests that drinking alcohol makes people think about love, sex, and romance
more than those who are not drinking.
Unlike the soft beverage drinkers, il was found, those consuming liquor become more immersed in their own thoughts and inner-directed, rather than observing what they wanted, or wanting to do what they observed.
The psychologists said that this tendency results from the nature of alcohol itself, which, when taken in moderate amounts, relaxes certain areas of the brain that normally inhibit imagination, fancy and rumination. Seliie, D., David C. McClelland, social psychologists at Harvard University and Boston University, reported the study of the effect of social drinking on fraternity members. They found that members who drank as an average of 1.06 alcoholic drinks in a 2-hour period became more preoccupied with romantic and personal concerns than those who did not drink at all.
The general effects of social drinking on various kinds of behavior show that although alcohol initially acts as a stimulant, making the drinker feel more sociable and freer in expressing impulses and physical coordination, it eventually becomes a depressant, impairing such important functions as reasoning and judgment.
ANTHROPOLOGICAL NEWS
Menstrual Reversal By Pregnancy Cravings
IT IS ESTIMATED a many women in Lascars, Ceylon, but in the United States as well. show a tendency to reverse the normal pattern of their menstrual cycles during pregnancy by missing their usual periodS and experiencing intense sexual cravings, Dr. G. Cherneskey, University of Columbia, New York, told the annual conference of the American Anthropological Association in Washington, D. C.
In Lascars, it is a sin for a woman to miss her monthly menstrual period, but the women reveal cravings for various foods, such as pickles, or unusual foods they have never liked before.
The anthropologist says that some Ameriean women may hold this same social taboo, and that their pregnancy cravings represent a return to the man's world once in childhood before the onset of menstruation, when they were free from the restrictions society places on adult women. The deeper meaning of the reversal is not yet fully explained.

MEDICINE
Harmless Heart Murmurs Common in Children
A HARMLESS heart murmur has been found in 25% to 50% of all children because of temporary variation in blood flow through the heart.
As a result, an estimated 3 million American schoolchildren have what is known as a "functional" or "innocent" heart murmur, Dr. Joseph Gralnick of Philadelphia told a Hahnemann Symposium. 
These murmurs can be heard with a stethoscope at the bedside, without recourse to any diagnostic procedures. The murmur disappears as the child matures, Gralnick said.
Extensive clinical and laboratory studies have shown that such murmurs have no significance and require no special treatment or limitation of activity, Gralnick reported.

BUREAU of Mines Reports
on Causes of Flames
 STUDIES of the fundamental processes involved in the ignition of various mine atmospheres and their interpretation by the Bureau of Mines show that the most common causes of underground mine fires and explosions are improper use of explosives, faulty electrical wiring, poor ventilation, and improper use of acetylene torches.
These factors, in a number of years' recording and analyzing mine accident reports, have been found to be the major causes of mine fires and explosions in which a flammable or explosive atmosphere was present in the mine and ignited.
More specifically, the lack of continuous ventilation and inadequate rock-dusting to suppress and render harmless the combustible coal dust in mines have been major contributing factors to mine disasters. Other probable causes are open flames, friction sparks, and static electricity, the reports state.
ENISTRY
90% Fever Cavities With 
Phosphate-Fluoride
TANDARDS FLUORIDES, now used to control children's tooth decay and a part of some water-supply fluoridation programs, but a chemical rival of the standard dental filling.
Preliminary research were announced that phosphates used with fluoride may be more effective than fluoride alone for reducing cavities and protecting the teeth.
The researcher said "there was more reduction in tooth cavities with fluoride-phosphate than fluoride alone." He added that the fluoride-phosphate combination "offers promise of an even more effective, safer and more pleasant method for prevention of tooth decay."