There does not appear to be any photograph in the provided image. The image shows a page from what seems to be an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text output from the document:

Lights Went Out
Lights went out in our area about 11:30 p.m. - August 8, 1963. There were some unusual things observed north of the old Fairfield High School according to Mr. Austin, a young man living there.
He said the lights went out and then a very bright light appeared in the sky, and believed for a time that it was the moon. But it didn't have blinking lights like an airplane. It seemed to be very large as it passed over the school. When it passed over the horizon, the light changed to a different color and continued westward.
Mr. and Mrs. Bill Short corroborate this account. They were driving home from Fairfield when the lights went out and they saw the bright light in the sky as they drove home. They said it was a large ball, reddish in color, and no sound was heard.
The Deputy Sheriff from Wayne Air Force Intelligence said that their office had received reports about the incident and objects in the area Sunday night. 
Deputy Lee said he had received several telephone reports and some military personnel from Greenvillr, ill., had notifyied his office about the object as they had seen something strange Sunday night.
Another man, Harold Solen, from Fairfield, told authorities he thought it was an Unidentified Flying Object from another planet. Mr. Solen wrote: "The thing seemed to be hovering or standing still for a while and was of a strange shape and color. It was like a ball of fire, brilliant but not hurting the eyes to look at it. It passed on out of sight rather slowly." 

When told by the reporter that there had been no further sightings, Mr. Solen said: "I'm sorry to hear that. I was hoping it would be seen again and traced."

The Deputy Sheriff said that his office had notified the Air Force Intelligence from Scott Air Force Base about the incident and objects in the area Sunday night.