The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book.

THE FIELDS
Biology Chemicals Make
Life Possible on Earth

TECHNOLOGY: Why Electricity
Shines Without Heat

5-6 Satellite Will Prob-
ably Upset Atmosphere

Deadly Food Poisoning
Seen as Social Menace

Text OCR output:
THE FIELDS
Biology Chemicals Make
Life Possible on Earth

TECHNOLOGY: Why Electricity
Shines Without Heat
 This experiment is a new one, a good one
and a startling one. It shows that light can
shine without heat. According to our older
physics books, light always comes with heat.
This is a fine example of a new discovery that
is "against the rules."

This light emission comes from the inert
gas neon, when it is excited by an electric
current. Other inert gases, like argon, krypton
and xenon, also will emit light without
appreciable heat. In this process, the current
merely produces light-—no heat is generated.
The light is called "cold light" or "electro-
luminescence." It is the property of certain
substances to radiate light when an electric
current is passed through them.

This cold light effect has many applications.
It is used in small night lamps, electric signs,
automobile instrument dials, and in television
sets. Even now, there are promising
developments of using this phenomenon in
printing, information displays, and perhaps
eventually, in lighting our homes.

Science News Letter for March 23, 1963

5-6 Satellite Will Prob-
ably Upset Atmosphere

THE S-6, a satellite to probe the upper
atmosphere, Is scheduled for launching in
early spring. It will be carried aloft by a
Thor-Agena B rocket launched from
Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif.,
announced the National Aeronautics and
Space Administration.

This satellite will study the chemistry and
physics of the earth's atmosphere, atmospheric
structure, composition, and ionization. It will
carry ultraviolet and X-ray spectrometers,
analyzers of charged particles, and
magnetometers.

The 350-pound satellite will be launched to
an altitude of about 800 miles. Its orbit will
carry it through the Van Allen radiation belts
over both the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.
Gases emitted during the launching of the
satellite will be observed by ground observers
and by the satellite itself as it moves through
them. This could upset atmospheric conditions
in the regions traversed.

The satellite has unusual features for
continuing use even if the satellite should fail.
It can be used as a passive reflector of radio
signals and as an active transmitter of signals
to be received on the ground.

Scientist News Letter, March 23, 1963

Deadly Food Poisoning
Seen as Social Menace

THE DEADLY peril of food poisoning
through bacteria is considered a major public
health problem in this country. Food-borne
illnesses are a common occurrence, though
many go unreported.

The cause of most food-poisoning outbreaks
is traced to staphylococcus germs, which
multiply rapidly in improperly refrigerated
foods. Salmonella poisoning also is a common
affliction.

According to Dr. Frederick J. Stare,
professor of nutrition at the Harvard School of
Public Health, the number of food-poisoning
cases is increasing. He stated there are an
estimated 2 million cases a year in this country,
and 5,000 deaths attributed to this cause.

Many victims are children, and elderly or
debilitated persons. Sporadic outbreaks in
hospitals, restaurants, schools, and institutions
are common. Much of the food involved is meat,
poultry, dairy products, fish, and egg dishes.

Refrigeration and sanitation in food
handling are the main defenses against food
poisoning. The public, as well as the food
industry, must be educated to recognize the
seriousness of the problem and to take
appropriate preventive measures.

Science News Letter, as 183 March 23, 1963