The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a letter dated November 1954. The text of the letter is as follows:

"November 1954

Linfield College
McMinnville, Oregon

Dear Sir:

This letter may come as a surprise to you, and indeed is a belated surprise. It is actually an answer to your letter of January 5, on the UFO investigation of the McMinnville, Oregon sighting of May 11, 1950. The handling of this case and the long delay in replying or corresponding has caused this delay.

For a number of years I have worked as consultant to the Air Force on unidentified aerial phenomena. The continuation of this work, coupled with my other duties, has kept me extremely busy, and I regret that this has resulted in an unintended delay in answering your letter. As you will see, my interest in this case is keen, and I am making a sincere effort to provide you with the information you have requested.

The photographic evidence and the reports of the witnesses have been thoroughly studied and discussed, and I have carefully followed the case through the years. While there are some unanswered questions, it is my judgment that the photographs are authentic and do indeed represent an unusual aerial object. There seems to be no reason to doubt the sincerity of the witnesses or to suspect any hoax or fabrication on their part. The known facts about the incident, the character of the witnesses, and the nature of the photographic evidence all contribute to this conclusion.

As to what all as it may, I have been unable to come up with any solution as definitive as I would wish. The passage of time, the fading of memories, and the inability to conduct more thorough on-site investigation have limited the analysis. Nevertheless, I am convinced that the McMinnville sighting is a significant and well-documented case which deserves careful study.

I trust this information is of value to you, and I regret the delay in providing it."