This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing text only.

Transcribed text:

Information Only
BULLETIN, 20 June 1953 25-26 June 1953
WEYMOUTH, MASS.

(Continued from Page 1) 
work, he said.

The light was a brilliant orange nucleus, which seemed to be a central portion, much brighter than the matter which surrounded it. This matter seemed to be what caused the object to appear somewhat hazy, irregularly shaped and larger than it would have if the nucleus alone had been visible.

Apparently the light of the object would be invisible on the slide, as it was, but as a visual phenomenon, it was very bright. Obviously the lights were not caused by reflection since there were no shadows, and the object illuminated the surroundings.

The observation lasted about 3 minutes according to the witness. As the object appeared to move away, it gradually faded out, until at infinity, thus ruling out its being a searchlight beam focused in the distance.

The witness, who has had extensive experience in aircraft work and photography, states emphatically that it was a Solid body. It made no sound, and there was no tail, exhaust or other features indicating it was some type of aircraft or vehicle. He is certain it was not a meteor or a reflection, and the details he saw rule out its being any type of conventional aircraft.

From the description, the size and entrance trails of the object indicate that whatever it was, it was larger than the largest jet aircraft. It was, in his estimation, an accelerating vehicle for a descent, from a high altitude, that occurred at Weymouth, Mass., near Boston, August 18, 1953.

AFROC photo analysis by Dr. John C. Hopf, AFROC photo analysis lab chief, has not yet been accomplished concerning this case as of this date. However, from a preliminary analysis of the film image of some light source, we have tentatively ruled out its origins as that of a conventional aircraft or vehicle. The size, speed and other factors indicate the possibility of the object being some form of solid body behind the light. It would appear from the evidence that this was a genuine unidentified flying object. Until such time as the film analysis is accomplished, we are unable to determine precisely the nature and purpose of one of the above.

Another important observation was made by the chief project engineer, APRO member and President of the local UFO Group, Mr. Raymond H.
Estrada. He stated that several witnesses saw the object from the ground, and appeared to make do degree turns without turning itself, the object remaining fully illuminated and unchanged in brightness as it changed directions. This indicates the possibility of a very advanced type of propulsion, if this observation is accurate.

The Patriot-Ledger said that, a three-hour study of the slides showed that the lights seemed hazy and not well defined, indicating their source was a luminous area rather than a point of light. They also said the object appeared to move rapidly, at times tilting, but never changing its relative brilliance.

After 'Pathlier's' story the Patriot-Ledger reported an account in the daily Boston Record that a number of persons including Dr. Daniel S. Green of the Boston University Observatory "would hesitate to say the photographs will admit of no other explanation." It is very difficult to explain the phenomenon, one of them said. "If there is something out there, as the photograph seems to show, it eludes some of the star trails. None of the trails in the picture were disturbed."

The Patriot-Ledger also commented that the photo is not very clear and that there are some doubts about whether bona fide UFO pictures are obtainable by amateur cameras. But they did say that it may indicate the existence of some sort and it is very unfortunate that the photograph and the story were not clearer. The analysis of the slide does not shed any particular light to date and the complicated matter of identification remains unsettled.

It is interesting that the Patriot-Ledger attempted to qualify its statements, indicating that they do not put too much credence in the report unless confirmed by further investigation, analysis and evaluation. As is often the case, uncertainty and lack of final explanation leave room for conjecture.