There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a typed newspaper article or report.

OCR output:

"ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL
30 APRIL 1964

'Tailed With Occupants'

Man Here Claims He
Saw Saucers 5 Times
By DWAYNE RARIDON

I don't know why they picked me,' said Remigio Lucero, 33, of Albuquerque. in speaking of what he claims were five flying saucer sightings.

Lucero said there was a purple-colored object about 30 to 40 feet in diameter that seemed to hover about 30 feet above the ground. He said it was round, silent, and without any apparent means of propulsion or mechanical support. 
Lucero said he saw the object 5 times in about five and a half hours, the last time at 2:30 a.m.
'Twice, he has talked to their occupants,' he says. He said the occupants were four to five feet tall with a yellowish complexion and eyes that were larger than normal. He said they seemed to want to communicate but failed to so, so he said he left the place.
With a roll of film if Villa claims to have taken pictures of the saucers but this film has never been developed.
Lucero, who lives with his mother-in-law and his wife and 3 children, said that when he first saw the object, his daughter-in-law, Louella, saw it too and that his wife and children also saw the object at another time.
Lucero said the occupants seemed interested in earthly things, especially in a truck, a jeep, and a car that were parked near the scene. He said they seemed to be studying, or trying to understand, these machines.
He says the rest was that there were no markings on the object and that it was able to make 'incredible turns and maneuvers in the air.'
'The occupants appeared to be studying us, just as we study animals,' Lucero said. 'But they were superior to us in all respects.'
He said he believes the saucers may have been on a scientific mission, perhaps to observe the earth's atmosphere and conditions on the surface.
Lucero said he had the impression the saucers were from another planet and that he believes they are a real phenomenon, not a figment of his imagination.
But he says he doesn't know whether they were manned by humans or by some other intelligent beings.
Lucero stated there was a feeling of uneasiness and fear when the object was nearby. He said he was afraid to approach the object, partly because he didn't know what the reaction of the occupants might be.
This, he said, was the main reason he hadn't tried to get closer to the object or to communicate with the occupants.
Lucero said he reported the sightings to officials but that they didn't seem very interested, although they did interview him. He said he believes the officials feel that people who report such things are not reliable."