The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a newspaper article or document with text describing an incident where a young boy was chased home by what was believed to be a "flying saucer" and the police were called.

WAYNE COUNTY PRESS 5 August 1963

Keenes Boy Chased Home By 'Flying Saucer', Police Called!

A 13-year-old Keenes boy was chased from his home by what he thought was a "flying saucer" and the police were called after he had run into his home, it was reported here today. 

The whole neighborhood got this story when he started telling about it. The boy said he was outside his home when he noticed a bright light through the trees. He ran into his home, frightened, and told his father about it. 

"It was different than any light I have ever seen," the boy said. "It couldn't make out any shape of it, but it seemed to be hovering off the ground." 

His father told him it was probably just an airplane, but the boy insisted it was not. Quickly they called police at the Keenes station, who in turn notified the Wayne City police station.

Among the officers rushing to the scene was Deputy Wayne County Sheriff Eugene King. "It was different than anything I have ever seen," he said. "It did not twinkle and seemed to be hovering over the field."

The deputy said the "flying saucer" continued to hover in the field for about 15 to 20 minutes and then suddenly took off at a terrific speed. "I'd say it was going between 500 and 800 miles an hour," he said. 

A Press reporter hastened to the scene, but the "flying saucer" had disappeared when he arrived. He was told the story by the boy's father, who said his son was very "shook up" over the incident.

"We would tell it wasn't an airplane. Every time we would think it was going to take off, it would just hover there," the father said. "We watched it for quite some time before the police arrived."

The boy's grandfather, Mrs. Essie Arthur, said the incident had upset the youngster. "He was really scared about it," she said. "We had to work to calm him down."