The image appears to contain an old newspaper clipping or document related to a UFO sighting. There is no photograph visible in the image, only text.

Transcription of the text in the document:

My 'Lights Chasing Autos'
MONDAY night, Aug. 19, in the vicinity of Montague, Mass., citizens reported seeing bright lights chasing automobiles on highway Route 2. 
Those reports were first phoned to local state police at Northampton, Mass., who said that the lights were seen by numerous people and that they were described as chasing automobiles and at times appeared to be about 2,000 to 6,000 feet high.
MONTY YOUNG, a newsman who was on patrol with the Northampton state police, said that during the week residents of that area told of seeing strange lights in the sky.
A large number of such reports came from the Centralia area, where people said they saw the lights manuever "across the sky at a tremendous rate of speed."
The lights were first noticed about 9:30 p.m. on Monday night. They were described as bright white lights that turned, flashed, and moved over the auto far Mount Vernon. He said they called his attention about 1,500 feet high.

FSIG October 1963
Mrs. FRANK BEJIN, a reporter for the Berkshire Eagle newspaper, 8/9/63 reported she and her husband saw strange flying objects over their barn or late at night. More flying saucer reports have occurred into late August and September 1963, and numerous people reported "strange lights" and "objects" moving in the sky over the North Adams-Clarksburg, Mass., area.
Lives at the north edge of town with her husband, said the strange lights startled her and she called her next-door neighbor. The neighbor said he and his wife also saw the lights and were frightened by them as they appeared to be coming towards their car. They stepped on the gas and the lights seemed to follow them as they sped towards the Centralia road. It caused the neighbor to become "slightly hysterical" and he looked continuously for the lights.
Bishop, an executive of a large insurance firm who lives in the area, said the lights appeared to be about 600 or 400 ft high, was oval-shaped and seemed about the size of a basketball, said the mayor.

The mayor said his wife was the first one to see the fireball and called it to his attention that night. He said, "It was the first she saw the lighted object as it fell and went into the Centralia area." She said it was about an inch long and she could see it very clearly. Bishop said it was an object unknown to the neighborhood.

Bishop said the fireball then moved westward, very fast, and seemed to travel in a straight line and then disappeared from sight. He said it then reappeared in the west and seemed to be traveling at a high rate of speed. He said it had a white light trailing it that made a whirring sound, he said.

Western Advertiser Aug 11, 1963

Mystery Lights
Trailing Cars
STRANGE lights have been seen trailing cars on highways in the Rock Springs - Parachute areas, according to the latest reports received. The lights cost some alarm among motorists who have caught glimpses of them. Reports say the lights appear to be suspended in the air but move along with the vehicle. Some motorists said the lights seem to suddenly disappear. One report said the lights appeared to be responding to the movements of the car they were following. Vernon Brinton, who lives near the Roan Cliffs, said he saw the lights several times. "The lights seem to pick up speed with the vehicle and are bright enough to light up the area inside the car," he said. Bishop, an insurance man, said the lights were oval-shaped and the size of a basketball. "They were bright and seemed to be about 400 to 600 feet high," he said.