The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

Upon establishing contact with the tanker aircraft, give the pertinent portion of the current flight plan under which flight is being conducted, obtain the tanker's position within the track that carrier is to approach, and the current flight plan is an ZFR plan or an IFR plan and when it became such.

Receive positive position reports from tanker aircraft upon completion of the air refueling operations. These reports will include any changes in the tanker's flight plan.

Ensure that aircraft proceed in accordance with the ATC clearance or, in the event a change is necessary, obtain the necessary authorization prior to implementing.

Immediately after breakaway from the tanker, establish communications with the appropriate GCA or radar approach control agency and report breakaway.

If an IFR flight plan after completion of the air refueling, ANG or radar will assume control of the aircraft, and the tanker will advise the GCA or radar approach control agency when the air refueling formation is complete.

If an IFR flight plan, in VFR conditions on top, the receiver can be issued a VFR clearance to proceed to the destination under the IFR flight plan.

If operating VFR, appropriate traffic advisories can be issued to the receiver prior to descending the immediate traffic vicinity, if the receiver indicates that it requires such advisories. In the event that the receiver requires to leave the ATC center frequency, the center will issue the appropriate frequency to contact.

Tanker aircraft commanders will:

Ensure that they have obtained the current ATC clearance under which the receiver aircraft is operating. In the event a change is necessary, obtain the necessary authorization from the appropriate air traffic control agency prior to implementing the change. Tanker aircraft will maintain radio contact with the receiver aircraft. They will advise:

A. Estimated time in refueling area.

(1) If other than a single direction track through the refueling area, sufficient description of the route within the area to provide the controlling information necessary to effect safe entry and departure.

(2) When rendezvous has been completed and visual contact established, be responsible for completing all position reports for both tanker and receiver aircraft.

(3) During refueling operations, designate a crew member to:

(a) Maintain a continuous listening watch on appropriate ATC frequency.
(b) Complete radio calls required for both aircraft.