The shared image contains a full-page text document with two star charts. The text is written by James Stokley and is titled "Four Planets Appear in Sky". The star charts depict the night sky and label the locations of various planets and constellations.

Text from the document:

Four Planets Appear in Sky
By JAMES STOKLEY
Two backward strolling planets, Jupiter and Saturn, shine in the September evening skies while Mars and Venus, just barely visible, appear low on the horizon.
In the early twilight of that evening, with the color brilliant against the darkening sky, Venus is about 15 degrees above the horizon in the southwest. To the left and higher, Mars, though dimmer, can be seen. Those who look closely may see Jupiter and Saturn farther to the east, about 35 degrees up from the horizon.
In the evening gloom, along with the color-brilliant Jupiter and Saturn, the reddish Mars and the brilliant Venus form an interesting group as they sppear in their slowly changing positions in the sky.
Venus is brighter than any star in the sky at present, shining with a steady white light that immediately catches the eye. It is the brightest object in the evening sky after the Sun. Mars is duller, but still easily seen, more orange in color.
Jupiter, the third brightest of the planet trio, is yellowish-white in color, while Saturn, lower in the sky, is more creamy in hue.
These planets have been in this arrangement in the sky for several weeks, and during the latter part of September they form a more compact group low in the southwest as the evening ends.
In early evening, Venus sets shortly after the Sun, and Mars follows it down over the horizon a little later. But Saturn and Jupiter remain aloft until the morning hours.
Saturn, after September, begins its rapid retrogression - it appears to move westward among the stars. Jupiter also was retrograde earlier, but its westward drift is now becoming more rapid. These two giant planets of the outer solar system provide an interesting celestial spectacle for September skywatchers.