The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Flurry of UAO Sightings--In Venezuela
In Venezuela, there were reports of several sightings which took place in this country as follows:
The residents of a section of Caracas were amazed to observe a luminous object on the night of 23 July. The object left the sky towards the northeast.

Noticia's was swamped with telephone calls about the UFO, according to Dr. Villegas, a professor who received the calls. He said the observers could give no more information than others who called about the object: "the observers had seen the object but could not give out any information because of the brevity of the observation." Observers said the object was round, Shines like a dish, and seemed to be darting around above the trees, then shot out of sight at a fast speed. The object started at 8 p.m. and the next morning, Noticia's was told that the object had been sighted but they might be able to furnish an explanation.

Did Object Land Near Caracas?
In addition to the sighting of 23 July, there was another less detailed incident. Mr. and Mrs. Carrero observed the details of a reported landing in the Los Acacias section of Caracas on the evening of the 6th.

At about 6 p.m. large numbers of people, including the Carrero family, observed a brilliant disc-shaped object maneuver in the air, land, and then take off rapidly in the same direction. The object was estimated as 50 feet in diameter, and which appeared to land on a vacant lot adjacent to the Central University of Venezuela. 

The observers in Los Acacias live on a hill and, when they observed the object, it was hovering just off the ground. As the object started to move, it made a hissing sound, shot up high in the air, and then left in the same direction from which it had come. Some at first thought it was a plane that had crashed, and they called various agencies, including the air force and police departments, for help. The man was shining brightly and the observers said the thing was spotted in the sky. Then it descended straight down, hovered for several minutes. When it finally left, it went so fast that many thought it had disintegrated. It was due to this impression that the project had provided, through personnel from the neighborhood, that the object had been sighted.

A short time later, officers of Communications, arrived on the scene shortly after ten o'clock. A thorough search was made but no trace was evident that the object had not actually landed, and had left abruptly, as some witnesses maintained.