There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a scientific newsletter discussing an upcoming solar eclipse.

ASTRONOMY

Scorpion Shines in South

A total eclipse of the sun, visible along a path about 60 miles wide crossing Alaska, Canada and Maine, July 20, is the astronomical event of the month.

By JAMES STOKEY

WITH THE COMING of July, the evening star Scorpius, the Scorpion, shines in the south. Below the star Antares, known as the "heart of the scorpion," shines in the south, with the star Arcturus, already high in the north.

This is one of the most unusual astronomical events of the month, a total eclipse of the sun, visible in a path about 60 miles wide, which crosses Alaska, Canada and Maine. This eclipse, with the dark disk of the moon covering the face of the sun, will be visible only Part of the day in various localities.

The eclipse will begin in the northwestern Pacific, and be visible to observers in the Aleutian Islands, Alaska and northern Canada. The point of greatest eclipse, where the moon will completely cover the sun, will occur about 11:30 a.m. EDT in northern Canada, about 60 miles from the Arcris shores. The eclipse will also be visible in Maine, where the sun will be seen with a dark bite taken out of it, from about 12:34 to 2:39 p.m. EDT. This will be the last total eclipse of the sun visible from any part of the United States until 1979.

Appearances of the evening stars: About 10 p.m. Venus, our bright evening "star," is about 35 degrees above the western horizon, and about an hour earlier in the middle of the evening. Saturn is high in the southwest, as the star Antares, the "heart of the Scorpion," is low in the south. In Lyra, the lyre, which is high in the east, Vega, the brightest star in the summer sky, is the most prominent. Both these stars are shown on the map of the northern sky.

Mars and Jupiter Visible

Two planets are visible in the evening this month, though neither is very prominent. Mars is in Virgo, low in the west, and Jupiter, in the constellation of Pisces, is low in the east. This, combined with its low attitude, makes it difficult to see, especially with the haze that often at this season. There in the east is the constellation of Pegasus, and nearby the constellation of Pisces.

There in the east is the constellation of Pegasus, and nearby the constellation of Pisces.