This page from the Project Blue Book file does not appear to contain any photographs. Instead, it contains a detailed written account describing an incident involving a bright light in the sky that was observed by multiple witnesses.

The text on the page is as follows:

THIS A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
JANUARY, 1964

Youths . . .

(Continued from Page __)

August .., about 2:45 a.m. at Fairfield, Illinois, a number of youths were returning from an all-night cleaning plant job when they spotted a bright light in Wayne County, Illinois in the early part of August 1963. The light attracted the attention of several other citizens for aerial visitors.

The light was first seen by six youths near the plant at about 2:45 a.m. The light went off and on at intervals and was described as being bigger and brighter than a star. It appeared to be to the west of Mt. Vernon at 11 p.m. Some said it hovered, others that it was moving. It at times appeared as a round, bright object, while at other times it seemed to spread out and take on a different shape. The light was viewed from the town. It was also seen from the yards along the railroad track and was also viewed from several farms in the area.

After roughly 30 minutes, during which it was a jet but there were no blinking lights and no sound coming from it, it suddenly made a sharp turn and went straight toward the southeast. As it approached, the glare became brighter, then after passing directly overhead, it diminished in brightness and went out of sight to the southeast. 

One family reported that their dogs became very disturbed and uneasy during the incident. It's lights went out and after the glare passed the dogs calmed down.

Several people in the area reported the incident to the Wayne County Sheriff's office, which dispatched a deputy to investigate. However, when the deputy arrived on the scene, the object had already disappeared. The men thought it was very strange, at least 2 square feet in size and very low altitude. They were very disturbed and barked all the while. 

Some said Frank Graham, a farm operator, tried to reach the object with a shotgun but was unable to do so. The object had moved out of range before he could fire.

After about 30 minutes, then turned red, flashed away, sounding like a machine. 

Bonnie Austin, whose home is in Centralia, Ill., saw a light following a car on Centralia road between 10 and 10:30 p.m. when the light turned, hovered over the auto, then moved west. Bonnie Austin said the object came down Centralia Road and seemed to be following the car. When the light turned, it hovered over the auto, then moved away to the west.

Another person who saw the object was a motorist whose car was followed by the light. He reported it looking up at him as he drove.

Linder saw a low-flying object at treetop level, close enough that she said, "I could have thrown a rock at it."

It's entirely possible that Austin saw Jupiter, described as very bright in the sky at that time, which would have been west of her location.

Later sightings of a glowing object in the sky were reported to the authorities as possible jet aircraft refueling operations which were unidentified to the observers which were widely seen in the area.

The ball-shaped objects were visually observed but were too distant for accurate identification. It is well known fact that many UFOs, while appearing to be something out of the ordinary, are unidentified and therefore could be a multitude of known aerial vehicles. That is why they are lumped under the title of "Unidentified Flying Objects" for it is their habit to mimic and sometimes resemble known craft.

This explanation for all phenomena.