A BRAZILIAN MYSTERY

The following account is taken from the A.P.R.O. BULLETIN for January, 1954, published from 4145 E.Desert Place, Tucson, Arizona U.S.A. and is reprinted by permission. The FLYING SAUCER REVIEW's latest information is that because of the difficult conditions the search has had to be abandoned.

ON October 31, 1953, Rute de Souza, 8-year-old daughter of Edidia de Souza who live near Itapasr, Brazil, heard a strange and increasing roar and on, looking to see where it came from, was treated to observe a silvery object coming toward her from across the river near her house. The object soared over her head, then above her, struck a palm tree near the t-p and began to "writhe" and struggle in the air. Over the river. Then it fell into the Peropava River near the opposite shore.

She began to run to her house to tell her Mother, and after coming out. Mrs. de Souza began to run to the spot to investigate. Shorty Rauli de Souza, Rute's uncle, came upon the scene. He too, had heard the roar where he was working about 300 feet from the house. All three along in amazement as they watched the water "boil" in the spot where the disc had fallen. The water continued to surge up, followed by an eruption that lasted for some time.

On the opposite shore of the river fishermen in-dicates. Transose Tesare who had witnessed the event and it was from Joa(a)guara that investigation and reporters obtained sufficient description that led to the estimation of size of the object— about 95 feet in diameter. All described the disc as like a "wash basin". The object appeared to be at about 20 feet altitude when it hit the tree. It was in level flight until that time and after it struck it began to gravitate which led to the conclusion of the witnesses that it was experiencing trouble of some sort.

During the ensuing weeks, divers of various sorts began to attempt a salvage operation. At first, divers using only lance masks tried but failed, to be followed by Scuba divers and eventually a professional deep sea diver with full diving suit and air compressor came to attempt to locate the disc. At last report, nothing had been found and all the divers complained of the hampering effect of the

mud at the bottom of the river. The Peropava is 12 feet deep at the point where the disc sank and has a muddy bottom comprised of about 15 feet of mud and clay. If the disc sank through the water and in turn the mud as the boiling up of water and then mud seem to indicate, it may have proceeded through the muddy river bed to solid rock underneath.

In order to fully assess the meaning of this incident which is pretty well established as having occurred, we must take into consideration all the factors. Although nine detectors were used and the Brazilian equivalent of the Civil Engineers attempted finding and salvaging the disc, reports do not indicate any success of any kind, not even the location of the disc.

We must consider the possibility that the disc, after settling to the bottom, either proceeded through locomotion of some sort away from its initial resting place and is not now in the original spot. If so, it could be anywhere in that river. Also, we must consider that the disc may have drained and if so perhaps repairs could be affected under water and escape from the river and in turn be accomplished during the night hours, at some spot more isolated than where it originally sank.

UFOs of various types have been going into and coming out of the water so we must not assume that this particular disc is necessarily trapped even though it is a damaging assumption to make. Time will tell and it may be that the disc will be pulled out of the river eventually. It may be, too, that other UFOs have already come to the disc's aid and have either destroyed or salvaged it.

The only similar incident is the one which took place off the coast of Venezuela on December 13, 1956. A Swedish ship wired the harbour control at La Guaira saying that a strange, cone-shaped object was falling vertically into the sea, that it was

(continued on page 24)

7