NC CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: AFIC BULLETIN JAN 64

[handwritten: October, 1963]
[handwritten: Location, Argentina]

Robots Terrorize ✓
Truck Driver                          Robots . . . .
                                      (Continued from Page One)

As Enrique [illegible] drove his com-     object was reported to have landed yield-
panion truck toward the end of the     ed nothing but police said they expected
of the 18th of October, 1963, he also drove    nothing for the incident had taken place
a [illegible] Argentina on the night    during a rain storm which had continued
of [illegible]. On also drove    for some time after the event and there-
toward the most startling event of his     fore any marks would have been washed
life. Suddenly his truck was halted in     out.
brilliant white light and he felt an un-
comfortable prickling sensation, much     On the day after the Douglas encounter
like the feeling of muscles returning cir-     with the robots, several country people
culation after being "asleep." The light     who had been attending a burial in the
came from a disc-shaped object about 25     area where Douglas saw the beings, told
feet in diameter which hovered over the     police they had spotted a brilliantly lit
cab. The combination of the light and     disc-shaped object flying through the
the prickling sensation caused him to     sides the night before. The time coincid-
lose control of the vehicle and the truck     ed with the time of the Douglas en-
went into the ditch at the side of the     counter.
road.
                                      In the fall of 1962 an Argentina ranch
Douglas got out of his truck and by     woman was hospitalized for hysteria
that time the disc had landed on the     after seeing robot-like creatures near her
roadway and coming toward him were     ranch. The Douglas incident seems to cor-
three "indescribable beings" which     relate generally with that of the woman's
Douglas later referred to as "robots."     experience a year earlier.
Douglas, a revolver which he habitually
carried to ward off possible hijackers,
Douglas fired four shots point-blank at the
approaching beings, then turned and ran
toward Monte Maiz as fast as his feet
would take him. Then he turned around
and looked at the "beings" and saw that
they were going toward the object in the
road which took off and in the space of a
few seconds was pursuing him. Douglas
tried to keep close to trees, etc., for cover
but the disc managed three passes over
him and each time it passed over, he
felt the heat and prickling sensation
again. Then the disc left. He eventually
arrived at Monte Maiz where he reported
his experience to the police.

The police at Monte Maiz later told
the Agrega paper, "Accion" that Doug-
las was hysterical but in other respects
all right when he came rushing in to tell
his story. A physician who examined
Douglas said that he found unexplainable
marks or welts like burns on Douglas'
face which Douglas attributed to the
light from the disc.

Examination of the ground where the
(See Robots--Page 2)