There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed letter from J. Allen Hynek, the Director, to Dear Bill, regarding some photographs taken at Wright Field. The letter discusses the photographs and reasons why the Director does not think it would be worthwhile to pursue them further.

2 December 1964
Rochester, New York
Dear Bill:
I've taken a long while to return your pictures, which I am doing now. I am a little surprised that you considered that what had been reported as Leonard de Vinci type objects were of such interest. Long time ago - in files in this office - I had material from a few people who claimed they had photographed some peculiar objects in the sky, but when the photographs were closely examined here, they turned out to be due to normal conditions, such as balloons, aircraft reflections, and the like. So it seemed unlikely that anyone photographing a UFO would have anything very remarkable. (For comments, unlikely to be valid, show this statement.)
But the photographs at Wright Field have come up with a story telling blow.
In critically examining1964 photographs made 28 August 1964, they seem to show remarkable objects. They are large, about the size of a house, and quite different from any aircraft known to be in that area at that time. It seems unlikely that anyone photographing a UFO would have anything very remarkable. (For comments, unlikely to be valid, show this statement.)
1) I have taken the liberty of having prints made from the negatives, which is the usual Branch on the left side of the print, passing behind the object and in good align ment with the shadows. 3t is never seen behind the object. Therefore, the object is between us and the Branch. On the right, which are further away. Therefore, the object is between us and the Branch, and is not attached to
it.
2) In photographs one and two the object appears to be at sharper image than the trees and blue green. This indicates the UFO is between the camera and the trees and nearer to the camera.
(If comments this is not the same objection as the Leonardo da Vinci case and is
one thing, this is not a matter of depth of
In short, I would not best even contemplate money on these pictures buying any validity.
The reason is that they show too remarkable. This is monstrously modern and
spooky. It is just as remarkable as any. I therefore conclude that these photographs are in some kinds. This is what makes our job at the Air Force harder these days. People are affected unduly by such stories, and it would take a lot of digging to get such a signal out.
but Cases when you see this. And ends very I hope your pictures so long.
Sincerely,
J. Allen Hynek
Director