There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and used by private investigating agencies, and additional information which may be of assistance in the investigation and evaluation of the report.
After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine. The information provided here will be part of the data on which our conclusion will be based.

1. Name: Flemingsburg Road, Morehead, Ky.
 Place of Employment: Radio Station WMOR
Occupation: Student 

2. Date of Observation: 7/27/63
3. Locality of Observation: Residence on Flemingsburg Road
4. How long did you see the object? APPROX. 2 Minutes 
5. Please describe the object, its color, size, shape, etc., and what it was doing, whether it was hovering, moving, etc. The object was a bright star, about the size of a small star, hovering, small to medium, like a dim star but plainly visible.
6. Position of the star was in relation to the sky, such as overhead, south, etc. The star was in the northwest.
7. If aircraft, type, height, speed, noise, etc. Not applicable
8. The moon and most of the stars were visible at the time.
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light, did it seem to revolve, did it appear to be transparent, etc. It was like a dim star but plainly visible.
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? About as bright as the small stars.
11. Could you estimate the apparent size of the object(s)? About the size of a small star.
12. Did the object(s) seem to go through any changes in shape or color? (Please elaborate, if you can give details.)
a. No
b. Suddenly sped up and rush away at any time? NO
c. Break up into parts or explode? NO
d. Leave any visible trail? NO
e. Drop anything? NO
f. Change color? NO
g. Change size? NO

13. Did the object(s) seem to pass in front of, or behind, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible.
The object passed beside a bright star and moved down the valley.

14. Was there any wind, cloud, mist or haze which may have influenced vision or distorted the object(s)? No, the sky was clear.

15. Please give your opinion as to what the object(s) sighted could have been. If it appeared to be an aircraft, balloon, satellite, star, planet, etc., state which you believe it was and why. It appeared to be a small bright star.

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? No

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) -
a. Steady b. Fluttering c. Blinking d. Pulsing e. Other (like a dim star but plainly visible)