Case #2    Jan 1963

[redacted section]

Long Island, New York

U.S. Air Force
Intelligence Bureau

Dear Sirs,

My wife and I own and operate a small motel here in Nantucket Point out on the tip of Long Island, New York. We operate winter and summer, and in winter occasionally sent to transient workers or personnel working at one of your radar bases here at the Point.

The Long Island Rail Road has its last station here about 3/4 mile from here. Adjacent to it "Republic Aerospace" has a small warehouse installation.

A Mr. [redacted], who works for the L.I.R.R. on car maintenance, and who resides here with his wife, came to me with a strange story one morning.

Incidentally this young man has been with us about 3 weeks, is a good worker, sober and as far as I can see, reliable.

His story was about the elusive "flying saucer." I myself here never seen one and probably never will in the foreseeable future. Mr. [redacted] talked about it to me, and I guessed he had seen a flash of something, an illusion or reflection--another fleeting glimpse, unstable vision or hallucination; but when he told me he had this object close to and above him for about a whole hour; then I had him repeat the story in detail--

Mr. [redacted] was on the night shift beginning Jan 4th 7:30 p.m. to dawn of Jan 5th. He was busy filling the tanks on the train at about 3 a.m. of Jan 5--the moon was way down, with a cloud passing over it now and then. The engines are constantly in warmup, so any sounds the object could have made were deadened.

He appeared to look up from his work, and hovering above him at what he estimated to be about 100 feet was this craft, as he described it, perfectly round, in thickness, like two saucers placed against one another; thicker in the middle and tapering toward the edge.

Because of the moonglow, and the clearness of the night, the shining metal structure was clearly visible. On top of the object, in the center, was a plume of bright blue light, like an exhaust of some sort.

He estimated it to be about 75 feet across its diameter. Every once in a while it would execute a series of runs (?), flips and manuevers in all directions, at times at terrific speeds close to the ground, but never lower than about "500 feet to 1000 feet."

He said he saw no signs of any ports (?) or windows or lighting on it, outside of the blue light on top.