There does not appear to be any photograph present in this scanned image. This appears to be a page from a document that contains only text.

Science News Letter for January 26, 1963
57
FIELDS
Tiny Circuits Cut and
Pierced By Electron Beam
THE ELECTRON beam much
cuts and drills circuits on
silicon and germanium chips
for electronic components.
The electron cutter-welder works like
e electric tool, cutting and piercing the
circuits. The beam leaves no debris, and
it is possible to lay down circuit patterns
much smaller than possible with ordinary
electrical techniques.
The process of etching circuits on
silicon semiconductor chips by using a
focused electron beam to remove se- lected
areas has been pioneered by the General
Electric Company at Schenectady, N.Y.
Ocean Rivets Measure
By Depth-Seo Devices
OCEAN CURRENTS will be
measured accurately with new
depth-sounding devices developed by the U.S. Navv's
Bureau of Ships and the National
Oceanographic Data Center. These new
units are claimed to measure depth to 0.1%
of the deepest reading, as compared to 7‰
accuracy possible heretofore. The units
measure at any depth, velocity and direction
of currents. Data are collected on 15 inch
magnetic tapes and later analyzed by computer. This method will sharply improve
knowledge of ocean currents.
Earth's Crust Found
Thicker in Colorado
THE EARTH'S CRUST is 30 miles thick
in eastern Colorado, only 10 miles thick in
California. New measurements by the U.S.
Geological Survey, using seismologically
detected boundary surfaces, indicate the land
profile of the earth's crust in the western
United States is 40 to 45 miles thick under
the Rocky Mountains in Colorado, but only
20 to 25 miles thick in California.

The conclusions about the earth's crust
are based on a net,
work of about
2,000 seismic stations in the western
United States. The
new evidence from
eastern Colorado
confirms earlier estimates from eastern Colorado
that the crust there is thicker than previ-
ously thought.
BIOLOGY
Tiny Yeasts Survive
30 Years in Antarctica
AND the living units from the bodies of
bacteria have survived more than 30 years
in the frozen soil of the Antarctica, and
have been revived after being sealed in glass
ampoules since the expeditions of Admiral
Byrd to the Little America base in the early
1930's.

The frozen and dried bacterial cells,
stored under seal in the Antarctic from a
time when President Hoover was in office,
have been cultured in the laboratories of the
University of California at Berkeley, where
scientists report two types of yeasts, a kind
of mold and other microorganisms have
been grown from this ancient material.

The food cache, in which the jars of yeast
and bacteria were sealed, was destroyed, but
the bacterial matter in the sealed glass containers was preserved. The story was related
in Science, January 25, 1963.
CONSERVATION
Ducks Poisoned by
Eating Shotgun Pellets 

PE. EST pounds per year. But the poisoning is caused by
ingesting metallic lead shot, not by eating
birds with lead shot in them.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service estimated through studies that 2-3 percent of
all ducks die each year from eating lead shot
left in marshes and fields by hunters. This
amounts to the loss of nearly 2 million ducks
annually.

SHOTGUN HUNTERS are unintentionally killing several million ducks each year by leaving lead shot pellets in marshes and fields. The
This loss is serious enough to threaten the
ducks ingest the pellets, thinking they are
future of waterfowl, the Conservation Denatural food. Lead poisoning results.
partment researchers say. They recommend
Hunters leave behind about 2,000 tons of using steel or other nontoxic shot by hunters
lead shotgun pellets each year, according to to save the waterfowl.
estimates by U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
researchers. The lead pellets are poisonous to
ENTOMOLOGY
the ducks, which eat them, mistaking them Citrus Mites Not Stopped
for food grains.
By Florida Freeze
Lead poisoning kills off about 2-3 per cent THE RECORD-BREAKING weather which
of the ducks each year, or from 1 to 2 million sent temperatures plunging below freezing in
Florida two weeks ago apparently did not
ducks annually. This loss poses a threat to
the future of waterfowl, Conservation Department researchers warn. They recommend that wipe out the citrus mites that plague the
orange groves, although many trees suffered
hunters use steel or other nontoxic shot
to avoid this tragedy.
damage, officials said.