The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book files, specifically a report on an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) incident.

HEADQUARTERS
1405TH AIR BASE WING (MATS)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
SCOTT AIR FORCE BASE, ILLINOIS

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:  WGOP

SUBJECT:  Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

TO: MATS (MAXIN)

1. This report is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2, and verbal instructions of Headquarters, Air Force Systems Command (AFSC) (RADO).

2. Initial information was received from Wright-Patterson AFB, with the message that a peculiar light had been observed in the vicinity of Fairfield, Illinois, on 6 August 1963. The local Deputy Sheriff at Fairfield headquarters contacted Mr. Vernon, who personally observed the object, but did not talk at length with the observer.

3. Fairfield is on Route 15, approximately thirty miles east of Mt. Vernon. This is approximately eighty miles southeast of Scott AFB. The initial observation occurred at Burford Crossing, which intersects Route 15 eight miles east of Mt. Vernon.

4. The observers, a family driving east on Route 15 at approximately 0500Z, 6 August 1963, when they were suddenly "attacked" by a bright light, which approached their vehicle. They tried to elude the light, but were unsuccessful. He claimed to have seen a "high white light" which drew close to the automobile and moved rapidly around it. The light then moved off into a field near their house and advised its departure to his parents. They turned out the lights and went outside. They, too, saw the light hovering over a grove of trees about two hundred yards distant. It then moved off rapidly and was gone.

5. Mr. Vernon was subsequently called to the location. He confirmed how the light disappeared. Mr. Vernon was shown a location where the light had been observed. Upon arrival, a light in the distance was shown a light in the sky. This was later confirmed as being the planet Jupiter. Mr. Vernon indicated that the Austins are highly respected, reliable people. The older Mr. Austin, a farmer, is a furrier. His son's occupation and age were not determined. Originally, Mr. Vernon indicated there was no specific shape to the object.