The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

Australian Report - (Continued)

A. Yes, as I said, the C.S.I.R.O. (Commonwealth Scientific & Industrial Research Organization) is the organization that they were concerned about trying to get help from. They were concerned that it was so ridiculous, they would have a difficult time getting any attention.

Q. But what did the report itself say? Do you know the contents of it?

A. Well, it was just saying that they had had an experience, and they were concerned about it. But they did not have any proof. There was just the report itself, which they said was just off itself towards the night - it took all day long.

Q. And when you were talking about the "weather canopy" business, I noticed it.

Q. What did the C.S.I.R.O. man say? Incidentally, do you know his name? What's his name?

A. Any name that I used was quite fictitious - I do not know the name. As I have had the impression, from what they had told me, they were always had the impression that it might have been a member of the organization, but they were never sure.

Q. What did the object look like, and what did it do?

A. Well, they said it was a sort of an inverted saucer type. It may have some attraction around it, and it came in close and then went out again very rapidly.

Q. How long after this thing occurred did the C.S.I.R.O. come down here?

A. That's a good question. I believe it was only a matter of a week or or 10 days after the event, that the C.S.I.R.O. came down in a small plane to interview these people.

Q. Will the Air Force come down the same way, do you know?

A. I have no information about any Air Force interest. The only people I know about is the C.S.I.R.O. who came down to interview these people.

Q. May they were all scared, these witnesses, or very nervous, or something?

A. Yes, they were all very nervous and fearful, because as they said, they had always had the impression that they would be thought of as cranks by others, if they reported this.

Q. What did they photograph the surrounding country - that was the new base, Mt. McKinley, I believe. Do you know how much blue was showing in the sky - all that sort of thing. It's a bit hard to tell because the photograph is a bit obscure.

A. I'm sorry, I have no information about any photographs. They did not mention anything about photographing the surrounding countryside or anything else in connection with this incident.

Q. Well, they had the cameras, and they were snapping rocks, and took particular notice of that. I understand that they saw objects like this over other countries, and it tallied almost exactly to what's been seen over there, but they hesitated about reporting it because of what may happen.

A. I have no information about any photographs or about them observing similar objects over other countries. The only thing they reported to me was the single incident that occurred in the local area.

Q. That was in Australia, was it?

A. No, this incident did not occur in Australia. It occurred in the country concerned in this report.

Q. Did the Australian Government do anything about it?

A. As far as I know, the Australian Government did not become involved in this particular case. I had no information about any government involvement.

Q. I had the aeronautical expert from here, I think, Damon officer, I think that was his name, but I'm not sure. He said he was asked to go and investigate it, and he went there. Do you know anything about that?

A. No, I have no information about any aeronautical expert from here being involved in investigating this particular incident. The only people I know of who were involved were the representatives from the C.S.I.R.O. organization.

Q. To get back to the object itself, did you notice any light coming from the object?

A. There was no mention made by the witnesses of any light or other observable characteristics of the object, other than the general description that it was a sort of inverted saucer type.