The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text from the document:

"UNCLASSIFIED AS OF THE AIR FORCE ON REPORT COLLECTION RELEASED PROJECT BLUE BOOK WASHINGTON, D.C. 20301

Dear Sirs:

The following unidentified aerial phenomenon was reported in the vicinity of Maryville, Tenn. on 13 November 1963:

AIR FORCE CENTER IS AREA IDENTICAL

A civilian pilot, while flying at about 5000 feet altitude early yesterday morning (at 1:47 a.m. EST), sighted a brilliantly lit object hovering silently in the sky. The pilot stated that the object remained stationary for about 5 minutes, then accelerated and shot straight up out of sight. The pilot, an experienced flier, was shaken by his encounter. He stated that the object was considerably larger than a normal aircraft, and had what appeared to be a brilliant, bluish-white light source within it. At its closest point, the object came within about 1.5 miles of the pilot's aircraft. Two patrolmen on routine patrol in Blount County, Ky. saw the same thing and gave chase, but lost it in the darkness as it accelerated rapidly upward. The patrolmen called in a report, but it was disregarded as "just another flying saucer". The pilot immediately called the local C. A. A. office and reported his encounter. The control tower personnel confirmed that the pilot's report was the same as the patrolman's description.

Personally, I believe the object was either (a) a brilliant experimental aircraft, or else (b) the display and activity of an intelligently controlled extraterrestrial vehicle.

If the object was some secret military device, I hope your scientific and technical people will be as reassured as I would be to know that we have such advanced aerospace capabilities. If, on the other hand, the object was an extraterrestrial vehicle, I sincerely hope the discovery will be made known to the general public ere long. In any case, I feel certain that whatever the object was, it represents a major technological breakthrough of some kind.

I should be most interested to learn if there were any other reports of the incident, or if any steps were taken to investigate it further."