The image provided does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and spaces for handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The handwritten response indicates that the object gradually faded and disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The handwritten response indicates that the object moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The handwritten response indicates "Yes" that the object moved in front of a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: The handwritten response indicates "no sound audible".
b. Color: The handwritten response indicates "DTS color was dark".

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the match stick is covered by the object. If you had performed this experiment, write your findings here:
The handwritten response indicates "About 3 inches".

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you now such as wing, protrusions, etc., and especially trail or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
There is no drawing or sketch provided in the image.

Text content from the document:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It gradually faded and disappeared.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: It went behind a cloud.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: In front of.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound No sound audible
b. Color DTS color was dark
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the match stick is covered by the object. If you had performed this experiment, write your findings here: About 3 inches.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you now such as wing, protrusions, etc., and especially trail or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.