[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]

11  12/0340Z

MYSTERIOUS FLYING OBJECT ZOOMS OVER HAWAIIAN ISLES

HONOLULU, Mar. 12 — (UPI) — An unidentified flying object, traveling west at a very high altitude and a high rate of speed, was sighted by hundreds of persons in the Hawaiian Islands last night.

Two Hawaii Air National Guard pilots said they saw the object north of the island of Kauai during a routine training mission in jet fighters at an altitude of 40,000 feet. Honolulu newspapers and radio stations were flooded with calls.

Capt. Jon Parish said he thought the object was possibly a rocket or some sort of space object flying a predetermined course. Lt. George Joy said he thought it was the Milky Way at first, but then noticed that it left a visible vapor trail.

HAWAII—Mar 11, 1963....The sighting of a fast-moving UFO which baffled jet-pilots, FAA control-tower operators, and thousands of residents, still has not been explained.

The pilots of National Guard jets were flying at 40,000ft. Capt Parish: "It was possibly a rocket or some sort of space object." Lt Joy reported seeing a vapor trail lighter than a jet's. "It was no aircraft," said the FAA spokesman, "and I know no one who knows what it was."

HAWAII—Mar 11, 1963. Hundreds of Hawaiians saw UFO flying at high altitude and high speed going west. Two National Guard pilots on a training mission spotted the object while flying at 40,000'. Witnesses said the object appeared to be a bright crescent shape. The radio report did not specify whether the UFO or the Nat'l Guard aircraft were at 40,000'. These reports came to us from Editor Jun-ichi-Takanashi of M.S.F.A.-Japan Int'l UFO Organization.

On March 12th, a UFO traveling at a high rate of speed was sighted by hundreds of p[ersons]. Two Hawaii Air National Guard pilots said they s[aw the object north of the is]land of Kauai during a routine training miss[ion at an] tude of 40,000 feet. Honolulu newspapers and ra[dio stations were flooded with] calls..

[handwritten: March]
[Hawaii Air Force announced the firing of an Atlas r[ocket...] [illegible column]]