The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The text on the page discusses a "hoaxer confess" and how the press behaves in relation to UFO reports and theories. The text covers various topics such as the Wilshire crater mystery, responses from the public, and the arrival of "exhibitionists" who suddenly appear on the UFO scene.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

THE Wilshire crater mystery not only served to bring the dying guest to the light, but also illumined the attitude of several newspapers. Not all arc now hostile to the concept and those which have found it necessary to adopt a guarded and defensive position have been erratic in their various "explanations" of the crater's origin. Telegrains were pouring in demanding to know why it was there and what was being done about it. Some of the "explanations" came from correspondents who had the reputation of being badly burnt. After having printed "Dr. Randall's theory," it then accepted the unguarded statement that it was the result of a crashed weather balloon. Of course, responsible readers of the September-October issue of the Flying Saucer Review will recall that an article was published in July 22, "The Origin of the Wilshire Crater. South invoked the principle of Occams' razor to show that it could not result from a crashed flying saucer, but from other means."

This article was written not only in ignorance of the latest developments in the crater controversy but also in ignorance of the fact that several students have in the past ignored Occam's sound advice and have considered all possible mundane explanations which the crater suggested. The hallucination and the misinterpretation of natural phenomena have been exhaustively examined and re-examined by competent, inter-planetary theory accepted as a working hypothesis and it was found that ft fitted all the observable data. Orthoreny then clinched the matter with a proof that any open-minded scientist should have accepted.

A new and recent feature is the arrival of the exhibitionists who suddenly appear on the scene. Sometimes they arrive as flying saucer experts, but more often as self-confessed hoaxers. In the Southern England incident, for example, the mention of "Dr. Randall", who would otherwise have remained in obscurity, for the entrance of the self-confessed hoaxer, has now brought him into the limelight. An example of the self-confessed hoaxer was to be found in the British incident where an airman confessed that he had made the hoax photographs, but it was packed it up. The questions that should now be put to Mr. Searl are: For what reasons did he make this confession? Is it that now he hopes to cash in on the publicity and if so, how long will it be before he recants and claims that after all he was only joking and that the story of the confessed hoax was a hoax itself? There are a number of reasons, and the press and public should be on their guard. The questions that should now be put to Mr. Searl are: For what reasons did he make this confession? Is it that now he hopes to cash in on the publicity and if so, how long will it be before he recants and claims that after all he was only joking and that the story of the confessed hoax was a hoax itself? There are a number of reasons, and the press and public should be on their guard.