The image contains a newspaper clipping or document that appears to be a report about "Strange Lights in the Sky" from the Centre Nurses Report. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR output:

Centre Nurses Report
Strange Lights in Sky
Sept. 22. Cirle county aviation police reported seeing the strangedual lights in the sky over their air base. A number of local center nurses reported seeing the same lights in the sky,
The strange lights were first observed moving slowly and erratically, first high and then low in the sky. They appeared to be red and white in color. The lights were seen for about 15 minutes. Some nurses believe that the objects may be helicopters. But they stated that the lights were unlike anything they had ever seen before.
The strange lights were also observed by a non-commissioned officer in the U.S Army at a nearby military installation in the area. He said the lights appeared to be high in the sky 
and moved in a very strange and erratic manner. They did not resemble any known aircraft, he said.
Mrs. James Harter, 1807 Dexter, said she and her husband watched the strange lights while visiting relatives, They both agreed that the lights were unlike any known aircraft, Mrs. Harter stated that the lights seemed to hover and then suddenly dart in different directions.
Dorotht Rieke, a nurse at the Center, said she along with five other nurses, Miss Katherine Holbrook, Miss Elaine Gallier, Miss Joan McConnell, Miss Winifred Stevons, and Mrs. June Merry, all saw the strange lights as they drove home from the Center on Nov. 12.
The nurses said the lights appeared to be high in the sky, red and white in color, and moved in a strange and erratic manner, unlike any known aircraft, they stated.
After seeing the lights, the nurses reported their observations to the Michigan State Police and to the Office of Special Investigations at Selfridge Air Force Base.
A Constance Andrei, an executive in the Detroit area, said she and three other persons saw similar lights in the sky on Nov. 15 at about 9 p.m. The lights, she said, hovered and then darted off in different directions, just as described by the nurses.
Fisher Executive
Dies In Crash
DETROIT (UPI) - Fisher
Body Division executive E.J.
Fisher, 55, was killed today
when his car crashed into a
tree. Police said Fisher died
instantly. 
Detroit Junior Live