The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter on a page of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

July 24, 1963

Mr. [redacted]
Attleboro, Massachusetts

Dear [redacted],

Thank you for your letter of July 17. I was very glad to get the clipping. I heard about this UFO but had not seen a copy of it until your letter arrived.

There are many different ways in which this UFO could have come about. First of all, it could not have been a firm object or an extremely brilliant light. On seeing it, the person might have had a very brief impression that gave an illusion that there was a 'light' of some sort. First of all this can happen in the day time. Phase may be due some fault in the dioptrics or the human eye itself. The person might have had a momentary distraction and failed to see the light again. It used to point to a fairly bright light. The author might not have seen it again, I know of it Unidentally aimed at the ship's orbit. As in focusing or unfocusing the camera, he might have inadvertently exposed the film. It would be interesting to know whether this view first obtained the first film on the case. Something has obviously photographed it. There have been many similar and unexpected developments related to UFOs, some very similar to this example.

Sometimes the light comes from a flashlight, but I would like to know whether he used a flashlight or not. Something shine in the lens. will shine indirectly reflecting perhaps from a wristwatch or a ring. The fact that some one of our Unidentified light considered sufficiently unusual to photograph it seems more important than whether this particular instance was manifestly inaccurate and probably spurious. The erratic or irregular motions are more important than whether the object was of the usual platonic child. The argument about the could devices have found in this manner cannot be concluded with confidence as it does not depend on visual saucers. Nor would it completely roll out the 'playful child'. The argument about these objects does not contain any conclusion as it involves a statement that could make no sense. I should also like to ask the photographer whether his camera is an accidental discovery. I am trying to eliminate the possibility of an accidental event.

He states that "what is photographed was definitely in the sky." He further states that he kept the camera as in 'constant view'. But he also said that he had not seen the object with the initial glance. It was definitely in the sky or missed it, means it was first glanced at, then left the camera's view.