The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report with some descriptive text.

WHO used to work for the Aeronautic Inspeetion
Section of the engineering Dept, of McDonnell
Aircraft Corp. in St. Louis, Missouri, and who
recently interviewed me, stated that during his
time there he was shown some photographs of UFO's
which he was not permitted to retain or duplicate.
However, he ras permitted to examine them carefully and make written notes. His description of
these sightings closely fits the description given
by Mrs. Stanton, when she was interviewed. It
also fits the description given by several others
who have taken part in these sightings. Some of
the things he saw in the photographs included:
l. Objects hovering and rotating slowly in a
steady, horizontal direction. It definitely
wasn't an aircraft.
2. Objects surrounded by a glowing aura, which
at times seemed to spread out in the shape of 
rays.
3. Objects capable of accelerating very rapidly
from a standstill position.
4. Objects appearing to change their shape and
size radically, apparently under intelligent control.
Some of the theories advanced to explain these
strange things have been seen, and handed on for
scrutiny. These range from interplanetary craft to
dimensions beyond our normal comprehension, and
even ghosts. Sven some accounts of the ghost theory
reach the point of being almost convincing - such
as the story of a ghost seen in England by William
Turnagain Herriott, and a haunted house on the
estate of Lord Dunraven - where a ghost has been
observed moving through the walls. For instance,
some contend that the objects seen may not be real
material things at all, but projections from some
other dimension, perhaps like on the astral plane.
Sane see them as instruments of some intelligence
beyond our comprehension, perhaps like the "manifestations" one sometimes sees in a seance. These are
complex and bewildering phenomena, but they do contain some features which seem consistent with authentic
UFO sightings. Persons who have seen these things
seem to be quite sane and reliable, and their
testimony deserves serious consideration.