There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document containing only text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

Linfield College
McMINNVILLE, OREGON

NOVEMBER 1, 1964

Mr. J. A. Hynek,
Department of Astronomy,
Northwestern University, 
Evanston, Illinois.

Dear Mr. Hynek:

Your letter of November 1 is much appreciated, and the more I think about it, the more impressed I am with your report. It has, as I have expressed before, given me a great deal to ponder on, and I want you to know that I am grateful for the time and thought you have put into it.

I have had to refer to my original notes, as a new impression concerning my inquiry about sightings might well have been colored by further thought and discussion. As you have so wisely pointed out, "A sighting is a sighting, and the interpretation of it must be approached with the greatest care." I concur fully with this statement, and I shall try to keep this always before me in dealing with reports.

I must confess, however, that I am still rather puzzled in my own mind as to just what the "proper" approach should be concerning one or two of the cases. As for the more "outrageous" claims of such things as beam of light, control of automobile engines, etc., I am inclined to treat them rather skeptically, at least until further evidence is produced. But in the case of sightings of unidentified objects which appear to exhibit extraordinary performance characteristics, I am not so sure. I realize that the explanation may lie in some quite ordinary phenomenon, but I also realize that we may be dealing with something new and different. And I must confess that I find the latter possibility extremely intriguing.

I think you are quite right in suggesting that we should be extremely cautious in our evaluation of such reports, but I also think we should keep an open mind. There is, after all, much yet to be learned, and the weight of skepticism should not be allowed to close our eyes to new possibilities. As you say, "the right combination of scientific curiosity and healthy skepticism" is the ideal.

I shall try to keep this in mind as I proceed further with my inquiries. And I want to thank you again for the time and trouble you have taken in this matter. It is greatly appreciated, and I feel that I have profited immensely from our exchange of views.

Cordially yours,

[Signature redacted]