There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

A. Oh, I'd say overall, about 5 feet, as near as I could judge. Might have been a bit taller.
Q. What color was it?
A. It was a kind of silvery gray color, as I remember it. I really can't say for certain.
Q. You didn't actually see anybody in it through what appeared to be the glass portions?
A. No, I didn't. I can honestly say that I didn't see anybody, although there may have been somebody in it for all I know.
Q. I can honestly say that I didn't see anybody either, although it certainly seemed to be what I could consider a living creature or what I would take to be a machine - which seemed to be making some kind of intelligent movements.
Q. And when it took off, what did you notice? Well, first of all, as it took off, it did a strange maneuver.
A. Yes, and then after that, it took off, and it - and if you - at what speed would you say it went away?
Q. Well, I'd say it went away at a tremendous speed, much faster than anything I ever saw before. And I wonder if there is any possibility of your being mistaken in your estimate of the size?
A. It could be. I'm not an expert at judging sizes, you know, not a flying saucer expert, and I wouldn't want to say positively that it was so many feet high or wide. It seemed to be an aerial sort of thing, and I'd say about 5 feet, but I could be mistaken.
Q. What time of day was this?
A. It was about 11:30 in the morning, I think. I'm pretty sure it was before noon, around mid-morning.
Q. How many persons were there?
A. Well, we were halfway, half of them were skilled out and the other half were just interested observers, you might say. They came over everything to see.
Q. What sort of clothing did the men have on?
A. Well, as far as I could see, they seemed to be in their work clothes. They come around to see this thing, whatever it was. They were dressed just the way they would be dressed for their regular work.
Q. Did they seem to be employees of any particular plant or organization?
A. Well, I don't know, I couldn't tell, I couldn't say. They were just ordinary people, and when this thing happened, they came over to look at it.
Q. Did you talk to any of them?
A. Yes, I did talk to some of them, and they said they had never seen anything like it.
Q. Have you been interviewed by any representatives of the government? (Interview continued.)