The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

Extracted text from the document:

Special Procedures for Dual Track Areas:
(1) Since restricted restricted areas are established within dual track areas, that is, areas adjacent to the more intensively used track areas where aircraft movement is controlled to the exit and entry points, if this concept is utilized, aircraft will not be permitted to enter or depart from such restricted areas within dual track areas except at designated control points.
(2) Tankers will not utilize the cross-over procedures unless previously scheduled for the specific tracks.
(3) When crossing over to the opposite track, the communications will be switched to the frequency appropriate to the opposite track. SACM 50-6, 12 Jan
(4) Altitude reservation missions are not limited to area entry times and ATC departure times but may be scheduled for other than normal operating periods. Except for the applicable area entry and departure times, a 15 minute tolerance will be separated.
(5) Priority. The priorities established by FAA-JCS Air Traffic Control priorities as defined in SACM 50-3 do not guarantee the altitude reserving aircraft. During periods of peak activity, the high altitude reserving areas have the same status as all other operations. Priorities for altitude reserving areas will be established by the area control facility (ARTCC) when the area, or specified attitudes within the area, are in demand. Situations where demand exceeds the capacity and coordination between the area and the surrounding airspace users is necessary, will be resolved by the ARTCC having command jurisdiction. Headquarters SAC is alerted to all areas where demand exceeds the capability of SAC to support with refueling aircraft. Appropriate action will be taken.
(6) The utilization of areas will provide a better flow for the separation of aircraft which the areas are established to restrict. Aircraft shortages in contiguous areas will not be permitted to automatically provide expansion into the areas during periods which are due to abort. Aircraft shortages in one area will not automatically expand into contiguous areas during periods which are due to abort. The same method for possible use of these periods will apply.
SACM 50-3. This utilization of areas will provide a better flow for the separation of aircraft which the areas are established to restrict. Areas (except for radar coverage coverage) will be scheduled within the airspace available to provide appropriate separation. Only traffic which is scheduled within the time block does not mean that separation is being provided. Only arrivals and departures will inform the schedule when the areas are in use. The utilizing agency (ARTCC) responsible for the scheduling use and control of these areas will notify the MAC headquarters and the tanker units of the use of the SACM Form 121 or AF Form 236, as appropriate, for both tanker and receiver.