The image contains a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, but there does not appear to be any photograph present in this particular image.

Commander Major Rolenda 
OSI Detachment 1004
Ellington Air Force Base
Houston, Texas

Gentlemen:
I am an American male, age thirty-five years, residing in Houston, Texas. I am a resident of civil engineer and a duly licensed and practicing architect.

On the 24th day of June, 1959 at 9:57 p.m., accompanied by my wife, I was observing the maneuvers of jet aircraft which were practicing over the Gulf of Mexico near the Hobby Airport. We were near the intersection of State Highway 146 and the Katy Highway. Suddenly, I observed a strange object which appeared to be a star-like object descending towards the ground. It continued descent for approximately 10-15 seconds, then suddenly "shot back up" to an altitude higher than the jet aircraft which were practicing in the area. This rapid ascent was done without any sound and without any indication of propulsion. The object appeared to be traveling at a speed many times greater than the jet aircraft we were observing. I estimate the total elapsed time from its initial observation to its final disappearance to be no more than 30 seconds.

As regards motion: the object moved rather slowly at first, then suddenly accelerated to a very high speed, stopped abruptly, hovered, then made its rapid ascent, all without any sound or indication of propulsion. The motion was smooth, controlled, and precision-like, much more so than any aircraft I have ever observed.

We estimate the total closest distance of the object from us to have been approximately 4 to 5 miles. Its size appeared to be slightly larger than a star, but smaller than a planet. Its brilliance was that of a very bright star, but it did not flicker or pulsate like a star. The color was a steady white.

As regards action: the object moved rather slowly at first, then suddenly accelerated to a very high speed, stopped abruptly, hovered, then made its rapid ascent, all without any sound or indication of propulsion. The motion was smooth, controlled, and precision-like, much more so than any aircraft I have ever observed. We estimate the total elapsed time from its initial observation to its final disappearance to be no more than 30 seconds.