The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

UFO SIGHTING
FAIRFIELD, ILLINOIS
5 - 7 AUGUST 1963

On 6 August 1963 information was received at Wright-Patterson AFB that an unidentified flying object had been observed in Fairfield, Illinois. The information was essentially that carried over the news circuits. 

According to the girl friend of the man who saw the object - as she was coming home they were chased by a flying saucer and upon arriving home they were questioned by other members of the family. The object then proceeded to his own home while the saucer continued on its course. After a while it turned and came back toward the house and hovered over the house a short time, then proceeded on. The man called Harry Lee, the Deputy Sheriff of Fairfield, Illinois, is supposed to have been one of the eyewitnesses.

Scott AFB was contacted and requested to investigate the sighting under Project BLUE BOOK.

Information received from Scott AFB confirmed that the object besieging the farmhouse was indeed Jupiter. However, since the story was attracting national interest through the press media, and additional sightings were reported, an additional field investigation.

The following information is extracted from this report:

"On 5 August 1963 one or more observers were driving east on Illinois highway 15 at approximately 0500Z hours on 6 August 1963. At this time they noticed a bright object at approximately 40 degrees elevation to the west of their position. The object remained stationary for some 15 to 20 minutes. Another approach was made towards the object and it was now observed at an elevation of 15 degrees while observers were still travelling east. Object now began transmitting light signals. Object was next observed at an elevation of 30 degrees with observers having completed approximately 15 miles of travel. Object appeared in the east at an elevation of approximately 15 degrees and driving observers changed direction and continued to observe the object at an elevation of 30 degrees."

When the observers arrived home he went inside and stayed for about 12 minutes. From his elevation of 15 degrees, the object appeared to be at an elevation of 12 degrees as he departed his home. During the 12 minutes he was inside his home, the object could go.

15