The image contains a newspaper article or report with the headline "STRANGE LIGHT OBSERVED - Deputies See Object In Sky". The article describes an incident where Deputy Sheriff Jack Potter and several other deputies observed a strange light or object in the sky on the evening of November 11, 1963. The article mentions that the deputies tried to talk about their experience but were told it was "nothing out of the ordinary, especially from a military standpoint." The article does not contain any photographs.

OCR Output:
STRANGE LIGHT OBSERVED
Deputies See Object In Sky
By JOHN P. BROWN
Nov 12 1963
Even this Times Herald has his companion
report of a strange object they saw in the sky one
night last week, but this seems to be another
phase of the same incident.
According to Deputy Sheriff Baker and Marie Clark, they were about two miles west of Skaggs Springs on the Tombs Valley Road Nov. 11 when Sheriff Jack Potter saw what appeared to e a large spherical object apparently suspended in the sky. And when they returned to the office the officers were rather excited and surprised about what they had seen.
"We DIDN'T say they were Unidentified Flying Objects," Baker said, "and we don't know exactly what it was. But we did see something quite unusual in the sky and heard something that made noises."
Baker aid he hesitated to to about their experience, because they
were told it was "nothing out of the ordinary, especially from a military standpoint."
The deputies said they tried to talk about their sighting, but were told "not to say anything about it, it's just one of those things."
However, three other deputies also saw the object, the officers said.
"We all saw the same thing," Deputy T. Nance said. "It was a big bright light that hovered in the sky for a while and then just went out."
In this era of space exploration, there is considerable interest in the matter of Unidentified Flying Objects. What the deputies saw, if they in fact saw anything unusual, may be just a case of the public imagination working overtime. But the fact remains that at least five law enforcement officers claim they saw something quite strange in the sky the other night. And they may not be susceptible to imagining things, judging from their official positions.
Knowshadin Road, where the deputies said the object was seen, is about five miles south and west of Sebastapol. Officer Clark remarked that the light was very high-pitched and that it traveled at a terrific speed before it suddenly went out.
"We were very surprised, and I can't explain it," Ms. Ramsey said.