There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

"The phenomenon's UFO, "Satellite Object", (S14) is what I have described in this report.

On the second sighting, Sept. 8, 1963, "it" was watched at 10:35 p.m. The first sighting was on Sept. 7, 1963, at 11:40 p.m. It was the same object that had been observed in the sky on the previous night. The object remained stationary for a period, then moved rapidly across the sky, disappearing from view. It was triangular in shape and was illuminated. Mr. Lee Shultelem and myself were both watching it at the time.

Many times before this I had seen similar objects in the sky. On this particular night, the object seemed to be clear vertically and stationary for a period of time, then moved rapidly disappearing from view. The same sighting was reported at about 10:35 p.m. on Sept. 8, 1963.

The date seems, the Shultelem, issued was a special motion picture, but the action, as to be clear vertically and stationary, then rapidly disappearing was found by many persons called independent and reliable "untrained observers" that they had witnessed similar sightings before.

The date seems, the Shultelem, issued was a special motion picture, but the action, as to be clear vertically and stationary, then rapidly disappearing was found by many persons called independent and reliable "untrained observers" that they had witnessed similar sightings before.

It is noted that this sighting was on Sept. 7 and 8, 1963, my notebook, I watched the object begin to emerge and obliquely maneuver, become brighter and grow smaller, before disappearing. I did not try to take a picture, as I have tried in the past, and was not successful in obtaining a satisfactory photograph.

About 10:40, it began to linger in the center of the sky for about 2 minutes. The object appeared very metallic, oscillating very rapidly, oscillating apparently more than it had the previous evening at the same approximate time of 10:35 p.m. at the disappearing. The object was observed for about 20 minutes, after which it suddenly increased in speed and disappeared almost immediately after a completion of the same cycle observed the previous night.

Persons called to scene by the phenomenon's UFO, "Satellite Object", were informed of giving two night's details to the Senior Detail. In the location, did pick up and touch the UFO. They confirmed its return."