There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a text document describing unexplained craters found on a farm in Scarsdale, New York on July 20, 1963. The text provides detailed descriptions of the craters, including their size, shape, and location within the farm.

Unexplained Craters In Scarsdale

On the 20th of July, 1963, farmer Roy Blanchard of Scarsdale, New York, was mowing his farm. The news of the discovery was carried in the press throughout the United States with newspaper coverage. The craters and their features had their first observation during mowing operations by Mr. Blanchard.

Condition Anthony Penry had observed the craters which remained since the discovery on July 20, 1963. The larger of the two was found, and at 6 a.m. on the following morning, July 21, 1963, Leonard Dickinson, the farmer's son-in-law, was summoned. He went with the farmer to examine the craters.

Manor Farm, near Blanchard's, heard of this phenomenon. We begin this description by state that they are not and cannot be established for any evidence on which they are related to the crater, as it is described which no one may have seen but Mr. Blanchard.

The physical description of the site: The central portion was three feet wide with a smaller depression around this center. The large depression was a circular area which was depressed but not dug out, and this middle section was about four feet long and a foot wide. The depth was about a foot and a half to 2 feet, and the edges were sharp and distinct, with a definite rise from the surrounding terrain. 

Beyond the large depression was a circular area about 20 feet in diameter which was lower than the surrounding terrain. The vegetation in this section appears to have been somewhat discolored. And a foot-wide, gentle swale extended from the larger depression in a southwesterly direction for some distance.

The large crater was located in a potato field, and the three trenches in adjacent fields appeared to be somewhat related to the large crater. In the area of these disturbed plants, there appeared to have been some discoloration, appearing to have been "sucked up" by something.

According to the NASA Journal (Levittown, Pa.) whose sources of information were Mr. Blanchard, and Mr. Charles Sucklead, three other persons observed the craters.