There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing handwritten text.

November 16, 1963 A.D.
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
U.S. Air Force. Ohio
Gentlemen:

I am writing this letter for two reasons, to give and to receive information. It would like to be known as a result of a close encounter of a unique nature that you are making or have made in the past.

All I was driving south on Route 155, about 9 miles northwest of St. Peter, Illinois, on November 24, 1963 A.D. at approximately 7:30 P.M. I noticed in the sky, a luminous object that was not a star. As I continued to observe it, it made a series of maneuvers that eliminated the possibility of it being a satellite or meteor. It appeared to be metallic in nature and was giving off its own luminous glow. At one point, it seemed to become almost a small disc-like shape, then changed back to the elongated object that I first observed. At times, it would seem to blink out altogether, then reappear. The movements were not those of a conventional aircraft, but more like the movements one might expect from an unconventional aircraft or an unusual aerial phenomenon.

I would like to know if you have any information on file regarding any unusual aerial sightings or phenomena that may have occurred in this general area around the date and time I have mentioned. I would also like to know if there are any investigative agencies of the Air Force or other branches of the government that specialize in the investigation of such phenomena. I am very curious to know if this sighting is part of a pattern of similar sightings that may have occurred in this region.

So much for my observation. Now, I would like to know some things about the Air Force's observations. I have always been fascinated by the possibility of the existence of extra-terrestrial life. However, I have a great deal of respect for the work that you and other scientific agencies are doing. I would like to know, if I may, what your official position is on the possibility of extra-terrestrial life and its visitation to our planet. I realize that this is a sensitive area and that you may not be able to divulge certain information. However, I would appreciate any general comments you might be able to make.

I want to know what you think about the caliber and credentials of those individuals who claim to have done such a good job of contacting extra-terrestrials. I am burning at to hear your views on the validity and reliability of such claims. I am also curious to know if your agency has any first-hand experience in this area that you might be able to share.

I realize that dealing with the public on matters of this nature can sometimes be a delicate task. However, I assure you that my interest is a sincere one, and I would greatly appreciate any information or insights you might be able to provide. I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience.

Sincerely,
[Signature]