There is no photograph or image present in this scanned document page. The page contains only text, which I will extract and provide below:

Douglas Case - 1963

Testimony of the traffic driver, who lives in the city of Venado Tuerto, Chile Street corner of Los Andes, Province of Santa Fe, Republic of Argentina. This person was sent to C.E.M.

" To be known, in order to be brief, I, on the 11 of Oct. 1963, took the crossroads from Chacin towards Cavanag, where I was to unload the carbon I carried in my 1.1/2 Ford, having to pass many little "Yucalos" to get to the latter. I noticed that it was sprinkling and that it was getting dark, what with the truck in bad condition I decided to spend the night in Venalacio Escalante . (Gov.)

But not finding a room in any hotel I undertook the trip once more flooring the accelerator in order to arrive at Cavanag. After crossing through Monte Mala with only about 7 kilometers to Pela Verde I saw small red lights. Thinking that it was a stopped/parked vehicle I switched my lights on and off, but I did not get any answer. Advancing about 15 to 20 meters, which I cannot swear to be correct, this above mentioned lights gave out a flashicutting off my current completely, for which reason my motor stopped dead.

I cannot give the precise time that transcoured after I got over the initial shock. I got out of the car, right side, observing what looked like a car but I did not approach. I then tried to start my truck but neither worked. I tried to find the trouble produced by the shock and noticed that the front axle was twisted and it was impossible to continue the trip. If it had only been the lights that the thing where wouldn't have been too much of a problem for me. 

At this time I took out a blanket and my .33 caliber short out of the holster.
I waited to see if a car would come in any direction that would take me to the nearest town. It was at this time that I noticed a glow coming from the direction of the Pelo Verde, which I couldn't explain and I waited about an hour and a half or two without observing anything else. Finally I decided to put the truck in gear and with the help of the starter I was able to move a few meters to put myself on the edge of the road. When daylight came I inspected the truck and saw that the front axle was twisted and the bumper torn off, and in this condition I was able to reach Pela Verde.