The image contains a photograph of a saucer-shaped unidentified flying object. The text describes an incident that occurred on July 24, 1963, where Michael Lee and John Dutton, two schoolboys, saw a flying saucer over Roundhay Park Woods in Leeds, British Isles. The object was described as being about one mile away and almost twice as big as their fist length. The document provides further details about the sighting, including the object's movements and characteristics, as well as observations made by other witnesses.

Information only 
Source: Flying Saucers, Aug 64
British Isles
Great Britain

SAUCERS 
OVER THE
BRITISH ISLES

At 8:45 a.m. on Wednesday, 24th July, 1963 Michael Lee and John Dutty, both of came to school with a story of flying saucers that they had seen over Roundhay Park Woods in Leeds. The boys looked to where the saucer had been, and saw it moving away. The boys' headmaster notified the police and the Royal Air Force.

Mr. Malcolm Bull and Trevor Whitaker, both of Halifax Branch of the Flying Saucer Research Organisation, went to investigate the incident. 

The boys were walking due to school when they sighted the object. And reported it as moving from right to left (southwards). It reappeared regularly, as if it were moving amongst the trees. The sky was clear and the object was at an altitude of about 30 degrees and seemed to have a dull surface. It disappeareed and reappeared regularly, as if it were moving amongst the trees. The sky was clear and the object was at an altitude of about 30 degrees and seemed to have a dull surface.

It was about one mile away over Roundhay Park Woods. It made a buzzing noise, seemed to be translucent, and was almost twice as big as the boys' fist length. Michael did not know the diameter of the object, but estimated it to be fairley large. The object was also seen by John Dutty, another ten year old schoolboy.

Mr. Donald Foy, John's uncle, said that the description given by Michael Lee fitted objects he had seen over Leeds eighteen years ago. He had never mentioned these objects to his nephew. 