The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document that describes an observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) that occurred on December 11, 1963 in McMinnville, Oregon.

The text of the document is as follows:

Observation of December 11, 1963, 7:00 AM, McMinnville, Oregon

Mr. and Mrs. Paul W. Trent, who live on a farm on the edge of the town, were up and about and stepped outside their house and saw what appeared to be two disc-like objects in the sky a little to the north. The objects were drifting slowly in a northerly direction. They appeared to be metallic in color and wobbled slightly as they moved. They were saucer-shaped and seemed to be about 40 to 50 feet in diameter. As the objects drifted across the sky they gradually disappeared from view. The observer stated that it did not seem to be on the horizon, but off a little higher in the sky. Just as the objects went out of sight, he said he heard a loud roar like a jet, but saw no plane.

The time of sighting this day, locally, was about 7:00 AM. The estimated duration of the sighting was 30-40 seconds. An object could not be spotted in the sky again, even with the aid of binoculars. But as the object or objects moved away they appeared to be diminishing in size, and finally disappeared from view. If the objects were self-illuminated instead of reflecting sunlight, it would have been much more spectacular. One might think of it as a celestial phenomenon, but the very pronounced wobbling motion seems to rule out that explanation. Their motion and flight characteristics were not like a familiar aircraft or other known object. This very rapid lateral movement could not have been followed by any rapid lateral movement.

If the objects were self-illuminated instead of reflecting sunlight, it would have been much more spectacular. One might think of it as a celestial phenomenon, but the very pronounced wobbling motion seems to rule out that explanation. Their motion and flight characteristics were not like a familiar aircraft or other known object. This very rapid lateral movement could not have been followed by any rapid lateral movement.

The sighting was called to the attention of the McMinnville Airport, but no other sightings were out at that time from the McMinnville airport.