The image appears to contain a photograph, but it does not depict any human faces. The text is titled "THE PAUL VILLA SAUCER PHOTOS" and describes photographs taken by Paul Villa, a mechanic of the Los Angeles Air Force Base, who claimed to have seen and photographed a flying saucer in 1952. The text explains that Villa was able to photograph the saucer and its occupants telepathically, and that he had a good knowledge of much phenomenon. However, the text does not mention or identify any individuals in the photographs.

THE PAUL VILLA SAUCER PHOTOS

Most of the saucer photos we have been told are visually inferior quality, usually discredited, while the story behind this particular case seems to be one of the most astonishing and authentic that we have on record. 

Paul Villa (in 1952), a mechanic of the Los Angeles Air Force Base, claims to have seen and photographed a flying saucer. He says he was able to get these photos because of his unusual ability to see and communicate with "Space People" for the specific purpose of taking their pictures. 

Villa says that prior to 1952 he had been taught telepathically by "extraterrestrials" to communicate with them and take their pictures. He seems to have a good knowledge of much metaphysical information, which may be advanced by their teaching.

Villa says that prior to photographing his first saucer in 1952, he had talked with a spaceman previously. He said this being had told him something of their mission and that they were here for a special purpose, to increase public interest in them. Villa was instructed to tell his story to the Department of Water and Power in Los Angeles. This he did but they did not then understand.

There is a man about 5 feet 8 inches tall that Villa says he saw and communicated with. This person told Villa he was from a planet 15 light years distant. They realized that he was communicating with a very advanced intelligence, and he has since given them much information for our benefit. Villa says the "Space People" have our Earth's best interests at heart.

Then the spaceman asked me if I would like to see the craft and photographed the craft and flying maneuvers. Villa said the saucer occupants were entirely human in appearance, similar to us physically but very advanced in intelligence and technology. They radiated a warmth and glow and gave an impression of peace and friendliness. Villa realizes that he was chosen for this mission because of his advanced knowledge of science, as evidenced by their teaching him much previously unknown to our scientists.

Villa says that the advanced craft demonstrate that our Earth belongs to a grain of sand on a huge intergalactic organism. In relation to the unimaginable numbers of inhabited planets in our galaxy, our civilization here seems quite small and insignificant. The advanced technology and intelligence far surpass our own, demonstrating how much more there is yet for us to learn.

Villa states that he believes the Space People are in our skies. It seems that their craft are constantly coming and going over our surface, and that they plan more open contact.

"UFO INTERNATIONAL"