There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

the sighting took place at (12:10 to 12:15). Both men have agreed to cooperate in any detailed investigation.

One of the calls associated with the night of the emergency run previously mentioned was from a farmer in Grand Ledge, who called the department with a report that he had seen a flying saucer land and take off again.

A police car 5 miles from the scene was dispatched, but before it arrived the farmer, whose name was not obtained, said that the object was gone; the investigating patrol reported sighting nothing unusual, so the sighting was not logged, the name of the farmer may be difficult to discover (nothing).

There are several more reports which need to be straightened out better then I could do over the telephone. One involves two men coming home from the night shift (apparently) at Oldsmobile, and a car parked in front of someone's house when/heard a weird noise (apparently not the siren - time is wrong) and saw an object that looked like a shooting star going behind the house. It made (or something made) a sufficiently impressive noise that it caused them to stop and take a look.

Between phone calls to and on Saturday morning, I received an unsolicited call from a reporter, Dick Frazier of the Lansing State-Journal, who was trying to find out if my calls of the night before were legitimate, and who had another report which came in just after I had ceased operations Friday night. A Mrs. in Lansing, saw three objects as 9:00, 9:45, and 11:00 PM on the 20th, at least one of which showed shape (outline, not point source) and which was observed through binoculars. Mrs. husband also saw the objects and called some neighbors who also were witnesses. One object was described as reddish in color with many little white lights on its underside. She did not report until she heard of other reports, for fear she would be called crazy.

Frazier says she is willing to talk to scientists from Northwestern (Frazier informed her of our investigations). Mrs. address is described as being "near" area.