The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an old typewritten document from Project Blue Book regarding a UFO sighting in Eveleth, Minnesota on October 10, 1964.

Headquarters (DUOIN)
Duluth North American Air Defense Sector
Duluth, Minnesota

Attention: G.B. Smith
PFRGAP

Dear Sir:

In response to your letter of October 7, 1964, I wish to amplify the sighting of an object in the sky. 

As soon as I received the report of the area in which the sighting occurred, also on the map, I have tried to get the background of this object in view. I reviewed it carefully and found the reported details which are found in the enclosure.

The object was seen by quite a few people out of the area in the days dating about the turn of the century. It continued until nearly morning in some of the reports, and just sat down, apparently to rest on the pine trees. This was repeated on about 8 occasions, I am told.

With the continuing daily occurrence, it was felt by some observers that there was an object which could not be accounted for as any particular plane, dirigible, or other conventional object. Its aerial maneuvers did not seem any type of ordinary aircraft. It was described as a circular object, metallic in appearance, varying in size from about 40 to 60 degrees in diameter. It made no sound and hovered in an easterly direction. At the moment of observation, a brilliant light appeared to come from the object which illuminated all the area around it. This was only heard during the ninety degree turn.

If the object I mentioned in my original letter was similar (although I can't be certain), I saw the object moving over an area quite some distance away in a west to east direction. Its diameter appeared to be 1/4 to 1/3 the size of the full moon, and it gave off an eerie, glowing light. This was before the 130 degree turn was executed. The speed was about that of a small jet. While I was observing it, the object appeared to stop momentarily, then executed a very sharp 130 degree turn and continued on in an easterly direction at a high rate of speed. This was certainly no conventional aircraft.

Please feel free to contact me should you wish further clarification.

Yours sincerely,

[Redacted]