The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document reporting a sighting of unidentified lights during a fireworks display over Clearwater Bay, Florida on July 4, 1964.

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

Dear Capt. Henry:

In response to the newspaper article in the Clearwater Sun dated 6 July 1964, describing the lights which conversed and disappeared, I am submitting the following account of the 4 July 1964 sighting:

I was in a group of people watching the Clearwater fireworks display. It was at approximately 8:30 p.m. that we noticed a row of five lights in the sky to the north of the fireworks display. The lights appeared to be hovering over Clearwater Bay, at approximately 30° elevation from the horizon.

The five lights were stationary, while a sixth red light seemed to travel around the group at the moving light became separated from the others (or perhaps it could have been an airplane with a blue light on one wing-tip and a red light on the other).

Most of the people in our group seemed satisfied that the lights were either reflections from the Clearwater or Dunedin fireworks display. However, we walked out of the street-lights, where we thought we might see better. The lights were clearly visible from the observation of ground observers which runs to the water's edge.

As we watched, one of the lights (possibly the moving light) traveled west toward the horizon and disappeared in the vicinity of a cloud bank. We observed this event at approximately 9:20 p.m. When the fireworks ceased, the lights also appeared to leave the area, as if someone had flipped a light-switch and turned them off.

Apparently, as we started to leave the water-front area, we noticed a small plane, flying low (possibly 700-1000 feet) overhead, with a red light on one wing-tip and a blue light on the other wing-tip. This coincided with the moving light that we had seen in the area of the five stationary lights.

We later learned, in discussing the lights with our cousin, that she had observed five stationary lights in the sky near the Dunedin Causeway lights in the sky to the north, at this same time, and could verify the details of our sighting. She was reasonably sure the event was between 8:30 and 9:30 p.m.