There does not appear to be any photograph or image contained within this document page. The document appears to be a typed text describing an incident involving a "brilliant blue light" observed by two individuals in Lansing, Michigan on May 22, 1964.

The text output is as follows:

station WILX, Jackson, Michigan, and announcer at television station W1LX, Jackson, Michigan, and announcer at television station WJBK, Lansing, were both driving home at 0010 to 0015, Friday, 22 May. Each saw a brilliant blue light to the northeast, traveling straight down at constant speed and brightness. Each said that the object landed 3-4 miles away, and each thought of an airplane in distress. Both immediately began driving towards the place where the object had seemed to come down. The object was essentially a point-source, left no trail, and was in sight about ten seconds maximum.

described the object as having landed in woods, and described it as having landed to the northeast. At the time the two men were about three miles northeast on a line bearing about 030°. When their lines of sight are drawn on a map of Lansing, they are parallel within the limits of estimate, and cannot be made to converge closer than about ten miles away, without making either of the observers change his description of the direction substantially.

It is concluded that this sighting was of a typical or unusual other, with a slight possibility that a blue light was seen descending to the ground, but at a much greater distance than either witness estimated. The fact that the object remained bright until it reached the horizon indicates the possibility that it was seen along a path bearing approximately 030° from Lansing.

The fact that the brightness remained constant may be taken as evidence that the object was remaining at approximately a constant distance (and hence, actually travelling straight down) or that the object was moving rapidly away and becoming brighter fast enough to overcome increasing atmospheric absorption and inverse-square law dimming. Since the object was described as "brilliant" from the very start, the brightness thing five ever seen, it must have become quite spectacular to observers along its path as its brightness increased enough to give the impression of constancy to the two original observers - the chances, therefore, of its having been observed farther northwest, assuming it was a fireball, should be excellent.

Lack of such observations may be given some weight as evidence against the meteor hypothesis, if none are reported.

4.

0010-0015 EST, 22 May 1964. Observers, three miles apart, landed a few miles away. Both saw to northeast. Possible meteor, with exception of constant intensity maintained over entire flight path. Lansing - Ann Arbor Lansing.