The image provided does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will proceed to output all the text found in the document:

Flying Saucer Puzzle Grows
It May Be Helicopter-or It May Not

In Lansing's night, swooping Eider, U.F.O. (Unidentified Flying Object), which was voted "the most unpredictable" by area residents, Twas reported to have been seen by at least three persons, including a police officer, during the first hour of Thursday morning.

There was some indication to the effect that this U.F.O. may have been a helicopter, but this is not conclusive, according to the officials who handled the report.

The police officer, veteran of several years service, reported he was attracted to the object by a close examination to determine just what it was.

"There was a larger area red light which went out and then came on again," the officer stated.

The object seemed to be hovering at a point about 500 to 600 feet above the ground. It was observed for a period of around 10 minutes, then it moved off in a westerly direction at a high rate of speed.

Another resident, who was working late, also spotted the object and called the police. A third person, a nurse, reported seeing it from a distance about the same time.

The police have informed the Air Force and the U.F.O. Investigating group of this latest sighting, but have not as yet received any report or information as to whether it may have been some type of military aircraft, helicopter or a U.F.O.

The report states that the police officer who saw the object said it resembled a helicopter at the start, but within a very few minutes it seemed to take on the appearance of a smaller object, possibly a U.F.O.

When it moved off rapidly, the officer said "it didn't seem like any copter I ever saw."

Low flying objects reported have created much controversy and speculation locally. Last Thursday, several persons reported seeing a similar type of object in the early hours of the morning over the east side of the city.

Police have stressed that these objects remain unidentified as to their true nature at this time. They are continuing their investigation and seeking any further information from the public which may help solve the puzzle.