The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document. The text of the document is as follows:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60301
23 FEBRUARY 1962

Major Hector Quintanilla
U.S.A.F.
Technology Division
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

I am enclosing a toasted copy of a APRO bulletin. Please notice that the Holloman Air Force Base case. This is the sort of case which prompted me to write and tell you very recently that there appeared to be a case of the bomber pilot and the tower which the radio amateur accidentally picked up while operating his receiver sometime ago. As you will note, this case took place at this late date, but at the very least, the radio amateur and the equipment should be considered as having been the original stimulants at the time.

I am also enclosing a toasted copy of a note from Mr. English. He is a radio amateur who has become interested in the case and may ask you to get some pictures made of the terrain area and so on.

Reference is made to APR-11, 200 miles east of Dover (Agentia): would you please consider having this case thoroughly investigated. While it is true that they reportedly saw an "object", we may be able to make an analysis and find that it could have been one of the many well-known objects which they were observing and passed since everything over that area is tracked and recorded. It should be brought to your attention that bright the object appeared and also whether they ever saw it to the same site.

Last Sunday I took occasion while listening around to call this German amateur, Mr. Steffen Manaheim, in Harrisonburg, Virginia. This is because I wanted to get straight facts on the two points. One was how he tracked the object and the other was exactly how the object was seen by his naked eye. Games seem to be completely closed hill of health which the counter wave was used in. They were keeping such a tight frequency for a search encounter that I believe they could say categorically, that there were no traces of anything.