The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, which includes a textual report about an unidentified flying object sighting over Scotland.

NO CASE REPORT IM CASE
SUBJECT : FLYING OBI SCR, HEV IEW
JURE AP}?, Volume l•?, 1964

SCOTLAND
Dundee UPO
The following letters are taken from
the Dundee Courier on February 18,20,
respectively. They are as follows:
" "Dear Sir, -About two weeks ago I
observed what appeared to be a
British object in the sky over the
Sidlaws, moving slowly westwards
towards Perth. At first I thought this
might be a satellite, but it took much
longer than 10 or 15 minutes to cross
the sky and lost height gradually. On
the two subsequent occasions when I
observed this phenomenon, on January
26 and January 31, February 10, it
exhibited similar characteristics, accompanied by a pulsing reddish light."
"This is certainly a very puzzling
this phenomenon.
"On each occasion only one such
light was visible of a reddish nature.
They appear at about 6.20 p. m. and
stay visible for periods of between two
and four minutes, then slowly fade.
The only positive deduction I can
make of it is that they may some connection with the American satellite seen
lately over Dundee. Does anyone else
know of this? If so kindly let me have
all the height and speed data.
I cannot say whether this is correct
or not."
"Can a more plausible explanation
be suggested?-Yours faithfully,
"WLSIR."
This letter brought the following reply:
" Puzzled." I refer to Mr. J. S. Dowd's
letter in Thursday's (February 6)
Courier. Like him, I too observed a
strange reddish object traveling very
fast, towards the west.
However, unlike " Puzzled," I do
not think this object was an American
satellite since, when the first Russian
satellite was launched, I could often
see its light through the heavens and
this object was in my view similar. I
would therefore conclude that this
object, which appeared to be a falling star or
some such other natural happening, -
Yours faithfully,
"JOHN OGILVY."
(Credit to Mr. John Ogilvy.)