There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR system output:

Thus, beyond the type described above, the daytime ones assumed different shapes:
1) Spherical - They revolve around themselves showing a silvery side and the other side is of a dark color. They do not exceed 4 to 6 meters in diameter.
2) Lens-like and flat.

On 11 July 1964, 1300 hours, a spherical UFO descended over the sea in Front of Radicosa (a small locality from Savona) on the road to Bick, France, noiseless, rotating, causing a rapid plunge to about 100 meters above sea level, and disappearing again with a tremendous roar from the horizon. This happened during dinner time when the beach was deserted.

On 22 September 1964, a large silvery object, at an approximate height of 1300 meters hovered above the city from 6 to 11 p.m. Quite a proud witnessed this including some policemen on duty from Savona. The same incident occurred on 19 November between 1815-1845 hours, and other times too. During the sightings, the object discharged a couple of formations resembling absorbent cotton which dissolved as soon as one touched them.

I have a small, incomplete list of UFO sightings above Savona and as already mentioned I will now list them:

I can state that I have seen UFOs hovering over the city and then disappear as though made of phosphor, dissolving suddenly in a later point and lighting up themselves perhaps into a new round shape. But there is more to this, the UFO sightings are just a start while they create great sensation.

During the night, one can see over the city small luminous "rays" which appear and disappear. These "lights" are not visible from the nearby houses and towns as if they are invisible to the outside. Such lights were observed on 30 October 1964 and the second time about a week later as exactly 21 hours on both occasions.

Once before while I was looking out a window one of these lights had passed in front of me in a diagonal direction from the roof. There was no sound. However, the lights seen in October were silent. But this is not all. From that time (and this is happening flight now) strangers directions and around persons like very rapid "ripsfles" and even the