There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of text from an old UFO report document.

Transcribed text from the document:

"As soon before made the hill. Hill about 60' long, fairly steep and with loose gravel and rocks. While beginning third time, noise and flame not noted.
After got to top, traveled sideways on the gravel road westwardly. Noted nothing for approximately 10 or 15 seconds, looked around for the shack--did not recall exactly where the dynamite shack was.
Suddenly noted a shiny type object to southeast about 700 yards. It was about 150 to 200 yards. At first it looked stooped. As it moved, stooped. At first, like a car turned upside down. Thought some kids might have turned over. 
As while following view, very close to the object. One of those persons seemed to turn and look straight at my car and seemed startled--seemed to quickly jump somewhat.
At this time I started moving my car ///t towards them quickly. with idea to help. had stepped about only a couple seconds. Object was like aluminium--it was whitish against the mess background, but not chrome. Seemed like it in shape O and I at //// first glance took it to be overturned white car. Car appeared turned up.
The only time I saw these two persons was when I had stopped, for possibly two seconds or so, to glance at the object. I don't recall noting any particular shape or possibly any /////lets or headlights. Those persons appeared normal in shape--but possibly they were small adults or large kids.
Then paid attention to road while drove towards scene. Radio'd to sheriff's office "Became 2 to seconds, possibly 10-6 (accident), will be out of the car, checking the car down in the arroyo." 
Stopped car, was still talking on radio, started to get out, mike fell down, reached back in put up mike, started to go down to where knew the object (car) was.
Hardly turned around from car, when heard roar (was not a ////// exactly a blast), very loud sound like a jet--known what jets sound like--started low frequency quickly, then roar rose in frequency (higher tone) and in loudness--from loud to very loud. At same time as roar saw flame. Flame was under the object. Flames started up, got straight up, object slowly rose straight up.
Flame was light blue and at bottom was sort of orange color. From this angle, saw what might be the side of object (not end, as first noted). Difficult describe precise outline (thought, from data, it might have come from underside of
object, at middle, possibly a four feet area--very rough guess. Cannot describe flame further except blue and orange. No smoke, except dust in immediate area. 
As soon as flame and heard roar, it turned away from object. Jumped leg on car--back fender area. Car facing southwest. Glasses fell to ground, left them there. Ran to north-east between him and object."