There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Director, Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University 
Chicago, Illinois

Dear Dr. Hynek,

I can appreciate that you probably receive hundreds of letters of this type, but if the information submitted herein assists you in any way in your research of this more, I am happy to submit it to you.

On April 11, 1964, my wife, two children (age 10 and age 14), and I were having a picnic supper on a hill 1800 feet above sea level, about ten miles northwest of Homer, New York. It was 6:30 p.m., and the day was partially clear with just a few scattered clouds on the western horizon. At about 6:00 p.m., several jet bombers had left vapor trails up high, traveling from east to west, but these trails quickly disappeared.

As I looked up in the sky a little to the northwest of us at about 6:50 p.m., I noticed that there appeared to be a small white cloud appearing, and it was very large and seemed to be about 1 mile long. After it appeared, there was a break on the trail of about 1 mile. Then a very black spiral formation appeared to be smoke appearing. We remarked that the white trail was unusual and the black portion looked dark because of the angulation of the glow of the setting sun behind the western hill several miles away.

The white vapor trail hung in the sky and gradually drifted to the south, slowly dissipating. Up to this point we were observing that we could see the bright blue sky and the continuation of the usual spiral trail, but the space and the continuation of the white trail was missing.

Approximately two minutes had passed and suddenly occurred to me that the black spiral cloud had slowly moved to the best where the white trail had drifted southward. Also, the cloud became much darker and we all observed this. At this point I took my 7 x 35 binoculars to observe it and was shocked to see what appeared to be bellowing out. It was causing rings of smoke trailing out. I continued to observe it through the binoculars for about 5 minutes.