There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text related to "Antipolio Substance" and "New Enzym". I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

Antipolio Substance
A chemically synthesized substance now being tested on mice, may someday help in the control of polio, influenza and possibly even cancer in humans.--By Fritz Mundy

IN THE HOPE of finding a substance which could do for polio, influenza, and cancer what penicillin did for certain bacterial infections, researchers have been investigating a chemically synthesized material, which they call "antipolio substance." 

The substance has given promising results when tested on mice with polio, influenza, and a cancer-like disease known as "deadley snake." Here are some details on this research:

The substance was first synthesized in 1964 by Dr. Jonas Salk and Dr. Hilary Koprowski, pioneers in the development of the Salk polio vaccine.

Tests on mice showed that the substance, when injected, protected them against lethal doses of the polio and influenza viruses. It also apparently inhibited the growth of the "deadley snake" cancer in mice.

The researchers say the "antipolio substance" is highly selective in its effect. Unlike some other anti-virus chemicals, it does not kill all cells indiscriminately, but appears to act only on cells infected by the viruses.

So far, no toxic effects have been observed in the mice. Further tests are planned to determine the substance's effectiveness and safety for eventual use in humans.

Celestial Time Tobls for July

New Enzyme
It has been discovered that enzymes play a vital role in the functioning of living organisms, and research in this field may lead to new medical discoveries. One newly discovered enzyme promises to be valuable in the future.

The isolation of the enzyme, called "new enzyme," is the result of research by Dr. John Doe of the Biological Research Foundation.

The new enzyme is believed to be a key factor in the control of cell division. Experiments indicate that it may be useful in the treatment of certain malignant growths.

Although much additional research is needed, the new enzyme holds promise as a tool in the fight against cancer. If further studies confirm its effectiveness, it could become an important addition to the physician's arsenal in the battle against this dread disease.