The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report detailing a series of UFO sightings in the Lansing, Michigan area on May 20, 1964.

The text in the document is as follows:

The first Lansing call was to the Lansing Police Department, where I spoke with Sgt. Snyder. A series of calls had been received from residents of Southern Lansing for several days, starting on Wednesday, May 20. A list of names was obtained from the log of Wednesday, all from people who complained of a "weird noise." This noise was described as approximately as loud as swimming, and making a "humming" noise, starting low and going higher. In a subsequent call to the Ingham County Sheriff's office, I was informed that at 3:30 Wednesday morning a police car had made an emergency run down Miller Street, employing a new "whining" siren, which the deputy described as sounding "loud."

When I read him the list of addresses of the complainants, he identified most, but not all, of them as being close to the route of the emergency run. 

It was also found that an object was sighted all night in a shopping center nearby, part of a promotion stunt.

The reports of 3 AM Wednesday, therefore, may tentatively be connected with the emergency run, as I understand it is true in all cases.

Reports from Thursday and Friday night, however, cannot be connected with the siren, as objects were seen. These objects seem to have appeared independent sightings of different objects.

One object, a bright blue or blue-green light, was seen descending (that is, going out of sight following a course) by two people. 

When the two sighters saw the light, they were in their own cars on the way home. Both were impressed sufficiently to attempt to drive to the object, disappearing, and both describe it as "tumbling," it might be an aircraft in trouble. The man met subsequently, who said he had been acting in his capacity of television announcer (for WJIM) at a remote broadcast from a restaurant () in Lansing and how they saw this object. Unfortunately, it appears that they have already compared their stories, as both reported to me in phone calls Wednesday morning that the object had tumbled and disappeared.