There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a text document containing a written account of an observation.

UNCLASSIFIED
Canberra 11-5964

Stromlo Observatory. Mr. ---- was quizzed during the next hour and a half by the Scientific Attache, Dr. Paul Siple, and two other USAF representatives. Mr. ---- identified Dr. and hr. Hugh Glen and Mr. Hugh Glen and his companion gave the following account:

Through the closed window of the trailer I saw a bright object in the sky, traveling from S.E. to N.W. It seemed to be moving slower and more erratically than most satellites. I have seen before. It was not as prominent as Venus but looked bigger and more like the soft light in a forested globe lamp than a star or any point-source light.

I would not have given the passage of this "satellite" any special notice had it not been for the things it was wobbling along its course "like a drunk"; and then it took a definite turn toward the south.

I was so surprised by these peculiar habits of what I thought was a satellite that I woke my wife and my companion to see the light. The light seemed to move at a steady rate but its course was still weaving when I noticed a "pinkish-orange" tiny glowing light west of the bright one suddenly darting light. The light seem did not appear to be moving but I feel certain that it was neither a star nor an airplane.

Suddenly the big bright light moved in a straight line very fast (about 3 seconds) to a position with the fainter red light. The impact seemed to have caused both to bounce. There was no explosion or change in intensity of light.

The big bright light moved off at a slower rate on a N.W. P. course and appeared to be no longer wobbling. Within about a half minute I glanced back at the little reddish light and found it to be still there. It seemed to sputter and then disappeared.

My companion's eyes are not as good as mine. He saw the bright light same as I did but not the tiny red one.