There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. The text of the document is as follows:

Smithsonian Institute
Research Director
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I am writing this inquiry in hope that you will be able to throw some light on a subject that is causing a great deal of concern in this area.

Several UFO sightings have been reported in our immediate area and the local citizens are described somewhat differently - they seem somewhat similar. They have seen objects described as brilliant lights, or diamond shaped objects with lights that change color, or as metal discs hovering for long periods and sometimes landing or just hovering in one place. Although such sightings are not uncommon, there is a case that seems a little larger than a normal sighting and appears to require some explanation.

On the morning of July 15th our neighbor found his front flower bed trampled and the flowers destroyed. He also noticed some light indentations in the soil that seemed to indicate some form of circular pattern, and for a distance of about 100 ft a series of these impressions were found going across a small circle around the flower bed. These impressions were approximately 1 inch deep and about 18 inches in diameter. The center of this circle or ring was about 5 ft from the edge of the flower bed.

The area is such that an auto, lawn mower or any other normal activity could not have made this kind of pattern. It seems curious that this pattern should appear in the flower bed. The press is such that an auto, lawn mower or any other normal would make. The area is such that an auto, lawn mower or any other normal activity could not have made this kind of pattern. It seems curious that this pattern should appear in the flower bed.

The couple are a very respectable family in this area. I became acquainted with this some years ago and know them to be honest and truthful people. I do not believe they are lying or trying to "built up" any sensation. The woman seems quite concerned with the details and is very much interested as to what could have caused this.

UFO sightings so I would appreciate it very much if you could check the sample of the grass I am enclosing and give me some possible explanation that you can.

Respectfully yours,
[Redacted]
Gainesville, Georgia