The image contains an old typewritten document from the "FINANCE COMPANY" in Honolulu, Hawaii, dated December 1, 1964. The document appears to be a report describing a UFO sighting experience. There is no photograph included in this particular page of the document.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Dear Sirs:
The following is a complete summary of my experience which I will describe in detail.
On November 30, 1964, at about 5:45 PM, I was driving south on the Honouliuli Road and we saw an object in the sky which, in the beginning appeared to be motionless and we were traveling north on Oahu Avenue. The object appeared to be about a quarter of a mile ahead and above of us.
The reason it seemed strange to me was because I have never before seen anything like it. I studied Air Science at the University and also spent time as an Air Force Radar Operator, with the limited knowledge I acquired through these experiences it just did not register any explanation through aero-dynamics.
To get a better view I proceeded along the road to a point which was almost directly under the object. I turned the car radio off. It was hovering overhead between 500 to 600 feet. It first appeared to be motionless pointing east to west. It couldn't have been an aircraft turning around as it was perfectly motionless. It was getting closer to the mountains at this time it swung around gaining more altitude. It looked like an elliptically shaped object realizing the tremendous size of it. During all this time there was not a sound that could be heard. It was absolutely motionless. The color was dark either black or a very dark gray.
On this day the islands here were receiving winds that were going from northwest to southeast. At one point as I mentioned the object headed southward which only means it must have had some power to maneuver. Not like a kite or a balloon. My wife and I had a full uninterrupted view and a half is not the look at it.
Enclosed is a rough sketch of what we saw.