The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a scanned page from a document, which seems to be a report or investigation of a UFO incident that occurred in Socorro, New Mexico in 1964.

Transcription of the text:

(6) VTOL and Inertia Modules:

Personnel working on the development of VTOL type aircraft and lunar modules were consulted. VTOL experience has shown that the utilization of certain types of ducted blast devices which would divert the force of the blast downwards. However, they were not experts in the craft of this nature. 

(c) Opinions and Recommendations:

The reactions encountered before not only on the development of the object but also on the circumstances of the sighting at Socorro. One known experimental model, constructed by Bell Aircraft Corporation for the Air Force, does not fit the description. 

(7) Additional Witness:

The U.S. Defense and Civilian authorities of the city of Apo r carried an article indicating that an unidentified object resembling a UFO was sighted around 5:45 p.m. on the DPI just a few minutes before the Socorro sighting. It is noteworthy that this was the first time the spot where the UFO landed. If this is the case, the only correlation of white sand's burn was also seen from that direction. A telephone call to Mr. Casil, the Director of the National Scientific Research Agency, indicated that he was aware of the case and that an unidentified tourist had observed the information. 

(8) Conclusions:

The investigation of the data contained in the various investigations of the case, a definite conclusion cannot be arrived at present. The object sighted, according to the eyewitnesses, appears to be of the VTOL type of aircraft or object. The state-of-the-art and the sighting cannot be attributed to a state-of-the-art phenomenon. I can categorically state that the vehicle or object observed by Dr. Lonnie Zamora was not an inter-planetary space vehicle visiting the planet Earth. This case is still open and the investigation is still in progress.