The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Martin Cairdin Observes UFO:
According to the text, Martin Cairdin, an air traffic controller for the FAA in Hutchinson, Kansas, reported observing an unidentified flying object (UFO) on September 12th, 1964 near Dodge City, Kansas. Cairdin stated that the object was high in the sky and appeared to be several miles in diameter. He watched the object for about five minutes before it disappeared to the north. The document also mentions that other people in the area had also reported seeing the object.

OCR Output:
Dodge City, Kansas
15 September 1964

Martin Cairdin Observes UFO

According to the FAA at Hutchinson, Kansas, said he received several reports from pilots flying in the area on the night of September 12th, 1964, of what appeared to be a large object over Matthews, Kansas and Dodge City, Kansas. Martin Cairdin, an Air Traffic Controller for the FAA at Hutchinson, said he saw the object at about 7:15 P.M. on that date from a point about five miles due north of Dodge City.

Cairdin, who also saw the object at about 7:25 P.M. said he watched it until it disappeared to the north. He said the object was high in the sky and appeared to be several miles in diameter. It appeared to be round and seemed to be oscillating up and "it was seeing things." He said the object's speed was very slow, describing it as a "crawling" motion.

When I interviewed Cairdin, he said, "When I first noticed the object, it appeared to be tumbling with a rolling motion, somewhat of a wavering motion." He said that at one point it seemed to flatten out and would then take on a more rounded shape when it became flat with the atmosphere and would speed up to what appeared to be the speed of a jet aircraft.

Cairdin said his attention was caught when he noticed the object for the first time as he was coming in for a landing. He stated that he had sighted many meteors and has spotted many aircraft from all over the area, but "to me this thing looked differing, an aircraft coming out of the sky -- something rather unusual."

When interviewed by the press, Cairdin stated that he did see the object with his own eyes, and it was not just a reflection from airplane's lights. He described the object as a "circular mass."

Source: APRO Bulletin, November 64