This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document.

Bloomfield, Connecticut
9 Dec 64

Major Frederick C. Jacks
U.S.A.F. Headquarters
Washington, D.C.

Dear Major Jacks:

Thank you very much for your letter and enclosure, of 2 November 1964. It is my intention to be helpful rather than to create any further controversy over this case. I feel a bit let down by your statement, however, that the evidence to me carried a contrary opinion. Although he admits that he had no called information on the Glassboro, N.J. sighting, your conclusion that this case is thereby "closed" seems to me to be unsupported. 

With respect to the "hoax" conclusion on the Glassboro, N.J. sighting, the possession of a "NICAP report" on that sighting leads me to quite a different conclusion. I understand that several witnesses who were contacted by NICAP are fully convinced that they saw something which cannot be so lightly dismissed as "hoax" by youngsters. They stated that leaves were recovered from the area of the sighting, and several men who have queries these men or looked into this aspect of the report have been satisfied that the sighting was valid and merits much more investigation than your people apparently gave it before your people arrived? It is my understanding that several days before your people arrived, the area had been visited by an Air Force inspector.

With respect to your statement that the Air Force "will maintain its investigational policies UND3R CLOSE SCRUTINY TO THE END OF FISCAL YEAR 65", I understand your position. This "policy" which implies a limitation of interest or curtailment of effort referring the information to the FAA for further investigation? See?

And might I also ask if your office has received and evaluated THB 16mm color motion pictures and photographs obtained in connection with the report published last summer by NICAP and understood to have been taken on the Glassboro sighting. I would appreciate your comments as to their scientific and case evidentiary value, assuming they were made available to you.

I shall be interested in your comments.

Yours truly,