There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text output from the document:

to Baskiny Highway. As they turned onto the road from the driveway both girls observed a light which they thought to be a car coming towards them. However, as the car approached the light stopped. They then observed that a car following them had stopped. Of particular interest was the description of the light which was stated to be a glow on nearby trees. Total duration of the observation was about 5 minutes.

The light did not cast a glow on nearby trees. The initial portion of the light was seen to be brighter than the glow on nearby objects. The intense portion of the light lasted about 3-4 seconds, staying dimmed and one second getting brighter again. After this, the light diminished rather rapidly completely. The witness stated it frightened the girls and they went home and reported what they had observed to their parents. Interviews with the witnesses and others present were conducted by the investigator. It was determined that a small body of water, a water tower was about 1/4 mile from the location. Measurements of the distance were measured from the roadway to the water tower and it was determined to be 1200 feet. Height of the light was estimated to be 75 to 100 feet above the ground when first observed and when it stopped. Measurements of the distance that the car lights traveled from the first appearance of the light to where it stopped were about 500 feet.

INVESTIGATIVE INFORMATION

Regarding the Grand Ledge sighting of 6 May 1964 at Capital City Airport and Landing, Michigan. The Centec press release via Lansing Police Service was informed that no night missions were being flown locally during the period of observation.

The FAA was contacted regarding local flights on the night of 6 May 1964 and information from their records indicating operations in the area at that time were being coordinated. Twin engine aircraft were scheduled for night flights. These planes did not fly during the period in question. Their flights were scheduled for the remainder of the night.