The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document or report from Project Blue Book, the former U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Text output from the document:

"I had been several years in the Air Force, and know about project Blue Book. The morning after the sighting (actually the next day) I called the Public Information Officer who was in the Tactical Command. He told me that this note picked up was D approx Middle C, which was the note later used by the investigator during the interview (as he reported that had been a week before).  

There was a reddish haze, but the object reflected considerably less light. You could not find it again. One time.  

I said that he had tried to estimate the size of the object from the character or reflection of the highlights, and came out with a diameter of roughly forty feet. From the time the noise began, the second time until the time that the light disappeared behind trees low in the western horizon, the duration was estimated at about twelve to fifteen seconds - perhaps five or ten seconds before the light appeared in the yard. The velocity was estimated as "not fast." Immediately after the lighting completely disappeared, it appeared in the trees, motionless, for several seconds - perhaps five to ten before the light disappeared in the trees. She was extremely frightened. She went outside, since she could not awaken her mother, to see if any other lights were on. Or is anyone else had come out to see what was happening, but found no one. All the cottages were dark. In fact, nearby one else had already returned home after the weekend, and most of the cottages were deserted.

This investigation was conducted entirely by telephone, unfortunately when the investigator went to Lansing, he could not be reached by telephone, and they were probably gone for the weekend.

He also said he would contact a local newspaper which he later may (have) indicated or the papers no or the area, bo see if we any interested or if any other people who might have seen the call to his attention.

It is regretted that this case could not be more completely investigated, already pretty, however, apparently did not wish be to identified."