There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text.

UFOs OVER NW PA. CITY
NICAP INVESTIGATES

A few days later, we obtained a copy of "The Kane Republican" in Kane, Pa. The issue was of October 24.
It reported sightings in the Titusville, Pa. area. (Credit Louise Houston)

We wrote the Titusville Herald and received an answer from NICAP investigator William B. Weitzel, who was in the area making inquiries. He was following up on the reports and was able to send us the names of several witnesses.

Strange Light Seen At Titusville. Reported October 17, 1964.
Reports have been received of UFOs having been observed on the north side of Titusville last May in Pleasantville by two borough residents.
Rev. H. Curtis Shaw, pastor of The First Presbyterian Church in Pleasantville, reported seeing a "ball of fire" on May 26 or 27 at about 11 P.M.
The two men had been working on some equipment, when a large, bright white light, high enough to clear the street, appeared on a pole. Soon it seemed to disappear and reappear without a pole. 
The object reappeared - The object was approximately as bright as a lightning dash and lasted about four seconds, then disappeared, reappearing on the north side of the street, Mr. Shaw said.
Mr. Shaw followed the "ball," now decreased in intensity to about the same intensity as West Street lights. It seemed to bounce or jump across the street. Its color was yellowish at this time, it was reported.
The object then stayed suspended for a few minutes near White City Hill, where it seemed to bounce twice. The watchers shut off the flashlight beam, and the ball seemed to be stationed.
Suddenly a "shot" was at a fantastic speed, dwindling to a small pinpoint immediately.
The light is if it congregated was of sufficient intensity to put out a large amount of light, he said. Weather conditions at the time were clear, moon could be seen in the sky. The object was clearly defined, and did not seem to have a halo, it was reported.