The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

HEADQUARTERS
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
GRIFFIN AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:

SUBJECT:

13 August 1954

Investigation - Reported Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs)

To: AF 22 (CORD)
Detachment ARS, USAF, Ohio 55433

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, a detailed investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) reported in the Binghamton, New York area, on 7 August 1954, has been completed and the following report submitted.

2. On 7 August 1954, at approximately 8:30 P.M., a citizen of Binghamton, New York, reported observing several unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the sky over Binghamton. The information was relayed to this headquarters, and a preliminary investigation was immediately initiated.

3. On the basis of personal interviews and other information gathered, the following details have been ascertained:

a. In June, a farmer in Nanticoke Valley near Binghamton, reported a close sighting of several such objects. This incident was given much publicity and eventually started the sequence of events leading to the present report.

b. In early July, five children in the town of Endicott, also reported seeing a formation of glowing objects in the sky. This incident was also given some publicity.

c. On 27 July, two housewives in Vestal, N.Y. sighted an object which they described as silver, disc-shaped, and approximately 60 feet in diameter. This investigation seemed to be reasonable, and the report was forwarded to higher headquarters.

d. On 6 August, a Binghamton resident reported seeing a large, glowing, spherical object in the sky which seemed to hover for a few minutes and then disappeared. This report triggered a rash of reports. The mass bulletin was widely disseminated, and a great number of reports came in from citizens who seemingly were looking for such objects.

e. The details of these and similar reports have been carefully sifted and analyzed. While it is difficult to deny the possibility that some unusual aerial phenomena were actually observed, the bulk of the reported sightings appear to be the result of misidentification of conventional objects and faulty observational reports. It is the considered opinion that the reported sightings do not constitute evidence of the existence of unconventional aerial vehicles.

6. It is requested that this report be considered CONFIDENTIAL and should be discussed on a need-to-know basis only.

(Redacted) 
By Interview obtained a great number of reports during
this investigation.