The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads as follows:

"Helicopters both day and night in the area; poor witnesses are quite familiar with the appearance and sound of helicopters under day and night conditions, and cannot reasonably be thought to have made the suggested mistake.  

Helicopters were flown in that area on the same night, but caused operations for several hours before the sighting.

As a result of the shifting size of the object can be explained from knowledge of the observing power of the observers. According to the statement, the object was first beyond the trees on the second pass and had six equal-spaced lights. According to the observers obtained (from a later statement), this is indicative of a triangular ship. The initial distance to the object corresponds to about 2/3 of the radius of the presumed circular object. The twin-adapted normal eyes can resolve two points measures about 3 minutes of arc. Just beyond the trees 600 feet to the west, and if the red lights were just separated, then the diameter of the object would have been only 1.8 feet - that is, the report was that the small as well as 1.8 feet in diameter and 600 feet away. Clearly, it was not that small, for the lights were not just "resolved" but were seen as definitely separated by (eliminating the picture) some 3 to 4 times the diameter. If not more (this drawing may be intended to show the shape as well as placement of the lights). The object was, indeed, have been 50 feet in diameter, or slightly more. Its second appearance is difficult to describe because the apparent size increase is so evident. At the second pass, when both witnesses saw it for a period "more than five" of the first pass, the reading of the object was 3 minutes of arc. This indicates an object of about 100 feet in diameter at the distance indicated.

The distance was taken to be about 600 feet. The reading on the second pass, when both witnesses saw it for a period "more than five" of the first pass, the reading of the object was 3 minutes of arc. This indicates an object of about 100 feet in diameter at the distance indicated."