The image contains a newspaper article with the title "ASTRONOMER TO NEW MEXICO Flying Objects Area Probed". The article discusses an incident in Socorro, New Mexico where an astronomer reportedly observed an unidentified flying object. It mentions that the Air Force was investigating the sighting and that a Wright-Patterson Air Force Base spokesman was sent to New Mexico to assist in the investigation. The article also describes the details of the alleged sighting as reported by the astronomer, Zamora, including the appearance of the object and its movements. Additionally, the article mentions several other reported sightings of unidentified flying objects in the area.

ASTRONOMER TO NEW MEXICO
Flying Objects Area Probed

SOCORRO, N.M.-(P)-An Wright-Patterson Air Force authorities found scorched astronomer from the Dear- born Observatory at North- ground and four-wheeled indenwestern University was here tations in the ground at the today to examine the somerset Socorro site and near Es rancho where a Socorro po- panola.
liceman reports seeing a myst- (In Washington, the Air
erious, eggshape flying ob- Force said its investigation ject. of the reported sighting is 'routine' and it will release
J. Allen Hynek, the the results of the investiga- special unidentified flying ob- tion when it is completed.)
ject consultant to the Air Force, was sent to New Mex-
ico after a series of reports of
sightings of unidentified fly-
ing objects in the state.

He planned to visit the panola, where a state po- place where officer Lonnie liceman, Zamora, said he spot- Zamora said he spotted the
ted the object. objects
Zamora said the object was
a brilliant white with a red
marking on it.... an upside 
down V with lines across the
top, through the middle and
at the bottom.

He said that from a dis- tance there appeared to be
two figure's in white coveralls outside the object. It flew
off with a roar when he ap-
proached, he said.

Since Zamora's sighting, at least six reports have been received of similar sightings, including one from a youth who
said he fired several shots at something about 100 feet in the air near Monarty.

T. Sgt. David Moody of the Aerial Phenomena Branch at