There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document, containing only text.

OCR Text Output:
then for this object to travel thirty degrees in three seconds, it would have to have been about 25 miles away; even with an elevation of thirty degrees (an upper limit) it would have been only about 15 or 20 miles high. If this true size of the object was as above described, then no more than a proper altitude, the line of sight distance would have to be at least four or five times the horizontal distance just calculated, and the velocity would have to be of the order of thousands of feet per second.

The sudden cessation of light, with no trail left behind, no slowing down or any other indication that this object was of a similar physical nature, and no fading or glow, suggests either an extremely high velocity unseen, or the more interesting possibility of a meteor or larger size and very high velocity which "skipped" in and out of the atmosphere. Unfortunately, both the duration of 2 to 3 seconds and the apparent lack of any correlation of starting point is possible, and it could not remember very closely how far the object was before it winked out, except to say that the trajectory ended "at a considerable distance." We cannot be certain that the same duration of 2 to 3 seconds, within the limits of the estimates, with being the latter one. The lines of slight were parallel when the light went off less distance than a large distance. The same limits of distance were traveled with less time, however, at a speed of less than per second. In the atmosphere, any material object would be visible as a track and the light could not withdraw so abruptly.

The observer initially reported that the object returned from the west soon after the incident and was close to the road to look around. He determined on chocking the vehicle but it had already disappeared and was never seen again. This incident, of course, raises the usual questions concerning the nature of the object. Was it a meteor, an experimental aircraft, or something more uncommon?