The image contains a photograph of a symbol that appears to be related to UFO reports. The text does not mention any humans in the image, so I will describe the image as objectively as possible without identifying any individuals.

The image shows a symbol that resembles an upside-down triangle or "V" shape with a line underneath. The text states that this is a "Do You Recognize This Symbol?" and provides some information about it, indicating that it is an "artist's drawing based on a sketch by Socorm, N.M. Police Officer Lonnie Zamora" and that it is related to a UFO sighting reported in Socorrro, New Mexico. The text also mentions that the symbol was used by Air Force officers to classify UFO reports that they wanted to see if others had observed.

Now, as requested, I will produce the output of all the text found in the document:

FATE
UFO LANDS AT AIR FORCE BASE
sonnel keep in constant contact who had come upon a UFO on the 
with instrumentation installations range at night. Hysterical with sur-
throughout the whole range and prise and fright he emptied his sub-
co-ordinate the efforts of planes, arm at the object, then fled, with
missiles, radars, and binoculars in the UFO seemingly in hot pursuit.
order to keep track of the progress When he finally reached Base
of the various experimental tests Headquarters, our informant said, 
being carried out at Holloman and he had "flipped his lid" and re-
White Sands. quired sedation and hospitaliza-
Shortly after I received my first tion.
tip on the above information I I immediately made queries con-
called Terry Clarke of KALG cerning the landing and any other
Radio in Alamogordo, nine miles incidents related to the Holloman
east of Holloman AFB. I asked him Range landing. We learned of two
what he knew about the UFO other UFO incidents on the Range
landing on the Holloman Range during the month of May. There 
in April. He said his information is no doubt in my mind concern-
source had monitored the range ing the accuracy and reliability of
radio communications that day and the information we gathered. Sep-
his information was almost exact- arate informants who have been
ly what I have stated. He also reliable in the past gave us the
said he'd heard of another sighting information we needed to verify the
and there was a rumor that a UFO initial facts. I do not hesitate to
was is a hangar at Holloman, un- relate it here for the time, there
der heavy guard. was no indication of classificatio
I contacted Arilyn Bruer of the and the incidents were discussed
Alamogordo Daily News to find he quite freely which in White Sands
had sketchy knowledge of the and Holloman.
sighting but had heard the rumor The smaller fact about the land-
about the purported hangared ing, which took place on the
UFO. Range extension between Socorr
Next I went through the files and Albuquerque, was that a digia
dealing with the New Mexico track recording was obtained show
sightings of April and May. One ing the presence of the object. A
contact informed me that unidenti- digital track recording is a tape
fied lights had been sighted on the recording automatically gene
Range during April, prior to the with the tracking operation wh
historic Zamora incident; another contains the eleva
bit of information involved a guard tion, azimuth and range of the

DO YOU RECOGNIZE THIS SYMBOL?

HAVE YOU EVER SEEN IT BEFORE?
As far as we know, none did. 
It is a responsive No that the Air Force's reason
sketch by Socorr, N.M. Police for not releasing the drawing is
Officer Lonnie Zamora after he al- over, FATE is pleased to reproduce
legedly saw the symbol on the side it for you. The official Air Force
of the UFO he reported from Socor- release on the Zamora sighting
ro. describes the design of the symbol
as follows:
If you have not seen this symbol (As the UFO was lighted off) ". . .
explained before it is because Air he noted a design on the object
Force officers have said it must not which he descr ibed as being in
be published. They were told placing red about 1 ¼ feet in height, shap-
it under a military security classi- ed like a cresent with a vertical
fication but wanted to see if other arrow and horizontal line under-
UFO reports from the New Mexico neath ..."
area would describe a similar sym-  
The drawing above is what we 
saw.