There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report about a UFO sighting in Socorro, New Mexico on April 24, 1964.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT
SOCORRO, NEW MEXICO, 24 APRIL 1964

On April 24, 1964, a Socorro, New Mexico policeman, Mr Lonnie Zamora, reported sighting an object about 15 feet in diameter, with a shiny metallic surface, hovering above the hills and gullies and covered with markings. FOLLOWING MR ZAMORA'S REPORT, THE AIR FORCE INVESTIGATORS MADE THE FOLLOWING INVESTIGATION:

Mr Zamora reported that while chasing a speeding car north on US 85, he heard a roar and saw flames in an area where a dynamite shack was known to be located. He abandoned the chase and proceeded to where the explosion had occurred. After traveling a little-used road and experiencing considerable difficulty in trying to drive his car, he came upon a well-covered hill, he estimated that he was then about 500-600 yards from the object. At this point the object started off at a high rate of speed in a southerly direction, leaving the ground with a tremendous roar and burnt streak of flame. Mr Zamora said he saw two people whom he assumed to be the occupants of the object. This is the only time he ever said he saw these figures; he did not see them again.

It was reported to AFSCEP that he was proceeding to investigate what he believed to be an auto accident. He drove to a point about 150 yards from the spot where the object rested and stopped the car to proceed on foot. He said the object was white or egg- or bell-shaped and that he heard a roar and saw flame as it lifted off. He said that no noise other than the roar was heard.

No other witnesses to the object reported by Mr Zamora could be located. There were no unidentified helicopters or aircraft in the area. Observers at radar installations had observed no unusual or unidentified blips. There was no unusual meteorological activity; no thunderstorms. The weather was windy but clear.