The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document titled "REPORT ON UFO ACTIVITY, MAY-JUNE, 1964" and describes an investigation into reports of strange noises and sightings in Lansing, Michigan during that time period.

OCR Text Output:

REPORT ON UFO ACTIVITY, MAY-JUNE, 1964

W. T. Powers, Systems Engineer 
Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University 
Evanston, Illinois
(Summary on Page 19)

On June 13-14, 1964, this correspondent and T. Sgt. David Moody, USAF, visited Lansing, Michigan to investigate various reports of UFO activity and apparently related phenomena which were received by local and state police during the period starting on the night of 20 May 1964 and ending 13 June, the last night of the investigation.

1. The Siren. At 0300 EST, 21 May 1964, the Lansing police department began to receive a series of calls concerning a strange noise. Those who called in described the noise as "weird" and "loud," and insisted that it was like nothing they had ever heard before. The names are listed in the police log - owing to the explanation which was found, and the existence of these names in the correspondence files, they are omitted ( more than a dozen names are recorded, and police say that after this many had called, they stopped logging further calls, of which there were many). 

The Ingham County Sheriff's Police Department reports that at 0300 on the date of the reports, a police car made an emergency run along Miller Road (E-W) and then north to a Lansing hospital, with its blue flasher going and operating its new "warbler" siren. This new siren employs a very loud tone which rises and falls both in pitch and intensity at a rapid rate - two to three times per second. The resulting noise is quite sufficient to account for both the number of calls and the conviction on the part of the callers that something extraordinary was occurring. One woman, a Mrs. E., reported a blue object "looping" or "traveling in loops," as it went by her house accompanied by the strange noise. It appears most likely that she was seeing the beam from the police-car's rotating flasher.