No Case (Information Only)
Source: Hayden Hawes

ULYSSES, KANSAS
[illegible text]
11 September 1964

[NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS]

LEFT COLUMN - "FLYING SAUCER NEARLY HIT AUTOMOBILE; A COUNTRY WOMAN TELLS OF NARROW ESCAPE"

[The left column contains a newspaper article that is partially legible but heavily degraded. The text appears to discuss an incident involving a flying saucer and an automobile, but much of the specific content is illegible in this reproduction.]

CENTER/TOP - Newspaper headline and article:

"ORIGINAL WRITER
[illegible] Wed., Sept. 16, 1964"

"Saucer Frightens Woman"

PONCA CITY — Mrs. Karen Campbell, 22, of Denver, formerly of Ponca City and the mother of two small daughters, says she and her car were nearly hit by a flying saucer about 5 a.m. Friday at the west edge of Ulysses, Kan.

She is here visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Baker.

Banked Sharply

Mrs. Campbell said that as she slowed down for a 40-mile zone near Ulysses, the lights of her car picked up the "thing" skimming along the highway, about three feet above-the-roadbed, and traveling at a "tremendous speed."

She said it began climbing and banked sharply to avoid her car and went by with a noise like rushing wind. She said she heard no motor noise. She said the object was about four feet in height and a little farther across than the width of a highway lane.

She said the object had the color of "dull 'copper,' no lights were visible, and there was a bubble on top. When it banked, she said, she could see a centerpiece on the underside.

RIGHT COLUMN - "Speeded to Cafe"

She admitted she was "scared to death," and believes she must have hit at least 90 miles an hour to a cafe she saw down the highway. She said she was shaking so hard she spilled her coffee, and she remained jittery for about an hour, drinking coffee and smoking cigarette until she could calm her nerves sufficiently to continue the trip to Ponca City with two children.

She said she started to tell a man in the cafe what she had seen, but he didn't believe her. "He just told her, she said, "It was the biggest shock of my life."