There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a newspaper article with text describing an incident involving a reported sighting of a flying object near Socorro, New Mexico.

Edgewood Man Says He Shot 
At and Hit Flying Object 
BY United Press International

A man living near the Philips air-
craft "mining radar" installations in a 
desert town about 15 miles southeast 
of Socorro, N. M., claims he shot at and 
hit a baffling aerial object there on the 
night of April 24, 1964, according to 
Project Blue Book files of the U.S. Air 
Force.

Don Adams of Edgewood, a former 
enlisted man in the U.S. Air Force, said 
that while working outdoors in the early 
morning hours he saw a brightly lit, 
silvery object hovering about 100 feet 
above the ground near a mesa east of 
Albuquerque.

According to the report, Adams said 
he took a .30-30 rifle and fired at the 
object. He told Air Force investigators 
he could see the object suddenly "jerk" 
and descend rapidly below the horizon
line, as if it had been hit.

The report states that a few hours 
later that same morning, an employee 
of the station reported seeing a ball of 
fire descend slowly towards the area 
where the sighting had occurred. The 
employee apparently was frightened by
what he saw, and left the station, 
fearing the unknown object might be a 
"downed aircraft."

The official Air Force files also state 
that Adams was able to retrieve some 
"metal fragments" from the general 
area of the sighting which he believes 
may be wreckage from the object he 
engaged. The fragments have been sub-
mitted for analysis.

Police Capt. Martin Vigil, who in-
vestigated the incident, is reported to 
have initially thought there was some-
thing unusual at the scene, but later 
decided it was merely a reflection from 
an "aircraft coming into Albuquerque." 
However, the report states that the Air 
Force considers the Adams account to
be "probable" and has not been able to 
explain satisfactorily what Adams saw 
and engaged with rifle fire.