The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:
THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
MAY, 1964
Stuff J Continued from Page 1)
and news offices in the presence of the Lorenzens. and finally settled her doctors on the phone. Eventually the Lorenzens told the picture.
Sharon came home for lunch on that date. She then walked the V2 mile back to school with her 10-year-old sister Robin. Sharon saw a weird, egg-shaped object in the sky and called out to the others who lost interest and went back to their games. Sharon continued to watch, then went in to class. She watched it about 15 minutes after she went in.
That evening when the family came home, Sharon complained of pain in her eyes, and her parents called a Dr. and she was taken to Dr. John Hollabnrn with a sunburn ointment. The burns were only on her forehead where she had been and were not on other parts of body that were exposed.
When the L. s talked to the Doctor Dr. Hollaburn stated that the Stull's wrist watch would have expected a 5 hours of sun exposure test - but he could not support Mrs. Stull's claim about the accelerated sunburn.
Conversation with Lt. Jolly of the Albuquerque Police force indicated that
Sharon Stull, the Lorenzens report, also observed the object, denied it. including her sister Robin. William an hour or so later confirmed that Sharon had a red streak across her forehead where the Lorenzens say she had seen the object and that certain factors, some of which have been mentioned above, some of which have not as yet, make them doubt the validity of Sharon's statement. Other factors are that Mrs. Stull admitted she had called Zamora and asked him questions to be more interested in paraylizing her daughter's experience into a money-making proposition. As this happened to be the case when they had gotten involved with the Skulls, making a big plea for money for them in January when they arrived in Albuquerque from Los Angeles, absolutely no evidence or prospect of employment.
During the conversations with Mrs. Stull, consistently denied the one
TV announcer a "good friend," and the Doctor their "friend were told the Stull's were that the TV announcer had not seen since he got help for them in January, until the Burn or May telecast. He had never seen the Stulls until he was called in to take care of Sharon, as a result of the "burn" from the UFO.
One thing gleaned during the conversation with the Stulls was that the story tended to get more involved and "slicker" as the Lorenzens experience more interest in it with the details. Mrs. Stull did all the talking, except to occasionally say to Mr. Stull, "isn't that right, Richard?" (an unhealthy condition which the writers consider as affirmative answers which the Stull's had a difficult time questioning Robin - never did succeed there) and Sharon once reiterated that the Air Force had suggested they not talk too much about the case, and that their refusal was being too much of a "problem" to the Lorenzens.
After leaving Albuquerque, the Lorenzens revisited Soccoro to bring themselves up to date on details of more recent sightings there, they then drove home to Tucson where they learned some upsetting facts:
Mrs. Stull had called several women children for the name and address of the Doctor in California who was interested in her case, because, she said, "your folks forget to give it to us." The TV Station (which had done the taped interview with Zamora) and was currently doing a KIRO news release, stated that the Lorenzens had promised the Stull family would be moved to Los Angeles at the station's expense. This turned out not to be true by the Doctor, and Mr. Stull would not be given employment.
The whole thing was preposterous and the Lorenzens were hard put to understand the kind of people who would attempt to perpetrate such a fraud.
As was stated at the beginning of the case, the Lorenzens were burned by a UFO and the strange and unethical behavior of her parents indicates an attempt to capitalize to the extent of embroidering the facts and by attempted coercion. It may be this behavior which prompted Hynek to write the case off as a hoax, and the Air Force to label the case as a hoax. The parents of other children involved may have cautioned their children not to admit seeing the object in order to avoid being involved with the Stull family.