This page of the document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a detailed description of some observations, measurements, and other details related to a particular UFO sighting or report.

In the center of the image, there is a large block of text describing various physical characteristics of the observed object, such as its size, shape, color, and other details. The text also mentions measurements and distances related to the object and its surroundings.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

In the center of the clearing there was a hole, 7 ft. 40 inches in length and 5 ft. 13 in. in width. Around the perimeter of the hole, sand was mounded, four inches in on all sides and one inch above ground level. The color of the sand was more yellow. Nineteen inches centered with in the perimeter of the hole there was a white circle.

Approaching the center of the crater, there is a drop of five inches (actually four inches below ground level). This drop extends in toward the center of the hole. The color of this and was more yellow and typical of this type of sand, known as "cascade sandy sand". Note, again the sand here was covered in places with an extremely thin layer of very white sand.

The central and deepest portion of the hole is twenty inches below the ground level and twenty-seven inches in diameter. The sand in this region of the hole was colored a yellow-orange, indicating that this sand was a much softer or finer textured as compared with the section of the hole. There were definite signs of the hole's creation. There were some faint prints around the hole. However, no small foot impressions are discernible. In any event, we cannot locate them.

The three "tripped holes" in question are located at the edge of the clearing. They are not evenly spaced or centered, nor are they symmetrical. Their dimensions are as follows: A to B, 26 ft.; from B to C, 27 ft.; from C to A, 23 ft. 4 in.; the dimensions of A were 17 in. by 17 in. by 9 in. in depth; the dimensions of B were 16 in. by 13 in. by 11 in. in depth; the dimensions of C were 13 in. by 12 in. by 10 in. in depth; the distance from A to the center hole was 13 ft. 6 in.; the distance from B to the center hole was 15 ft. 9 in.; and the distance from C to the center hole was 13 ft.