The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a report on a trip to Socorro, New Mexico on March 12-13, 1965.

The text in the document is as follows:

Report on the Trip to Socorro - Albuquerque - Socorro, March 12-13, 1965

Left Las Cruces 7:45 A.M., Friday, March 12. Arrived Socorro 10:30 A.M. and had an immediate conference with Mr. Ray Fowler, Editor of the El Defensor Chieftain, the Socorro newspaper. Our first subject was the movie that had been made by the Empire Films whose address in Hollywood is 7717 Sunset Blvd. A name connected with it is Merry Melinn's phone number is AC 213, 876-6800. Walkin is coming back to Socorro in a few weeks to arrange for the world premiere of the UFO movie in Socorro. 

This will be a white tie affair probably? Do you think the Air Force official consultant should be present at this world premiere? He does not think so. It would be exciting, but it would also give needless significance and importance to the picture. I think we had at best ignore it.

However, I learned through the grapevine that the picture is to have a Washington, D.C. preview in about three or four weeks and that Senator Symington is interested in it. We had better get Mason Jacks office, or whoever is running the show now on to this if at all possible. That is one preview that I should attend if at all possible. The scuttlebutt picture has it that the picture contains movies taken in Milan, Italy of a UFO landing with a little man getting out of it. Their rumor has it that the Empire Film Studies paid $40,000 for that Milan, Italy filmstrip. Apparently they have sunk quite a bit of money into this picture and expect to have it shown in many movie houses throughout the country and then shortly thereafter to release it for TV use. The film runs 85 minutes.

I found the situation in Socorro largely unchanged. Zamora is still generally believed, but the current feeling seems to be that there is no question but that he saw something real, but that it was most likely a super-secret device being tested. I was asked many times whether I was really sure that the U.S. government didn't have a super secret project. I pointed out that if this were the case, that it would be unlikely that we would be testing it.