There is a photograph present in this image, which appears to be an article from a newspaper called the "Wakefield Daily Item" dated September 10, 1964. The article is titled "Flying 'Object' Sighted In Area" and discusses a reported sighting of a mysterious object in the sky.

Text from the document:

Volpe Flying High?
Flying "Object" Sighted In Area
While it must be accepted as fact, from the bridge of The Ship That In Once An Airborne Tooting Doodle 1 In Livingston, England, There has been a considerable excitement through this region known as Lynnfield, over the sighting of what they describe to be an unidentified flying object. The object was viewed by several, including professional policeman, those who John Zappala and two passers-by, who witnessed what they believe to be the mysterious object soar through the skies of this particular section of New England.
The object, reportedly, was first sighted by the above named participants; then later, according to statements made to Daily Item reporters, it was sighted by the residents of many homes within the area, where it was seen to be zig-zagging at a speed of some 3o to 4o miles an hour, and at an estimated height of 3oo to 5oo feet.
The object, according to witnesses, appeared to be circular in shape and about the size of a "crashed automobile", Mrs. Jean Walsh of 4 Jefferson St. (65) told a Daily Item reporter. She was the first to spot it from her home, she said, and her husband, Willitm E. Walsh, Sr., Confined to his home with a broken leg, also saw the strange aerial object traversing the sky. They describe it as being "faster than any plane that they had ever seen." The circular object was then seen by several others in the area, who all seemed puzzled by its appearance and actions.
Glenn Collins of 33 Lake St. told the Daily Item that he and several others observed a "flying saucer" passing over the junior high school in Lynnfield, just before 7 p.m. last Wednesday night. He said that the object was traveling at a high rate of speed and disappeared from sight rather quickly.
Other reports were made from surrounding and more residents in Lynnfield and surrounding towns, all with the same description of the object, stating that it was a noiseless, unidentified flying object, and not an airplane.