The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text Extracted from the Document:

As to where around 12 o'clock it appeared over the trees (and probably passed on a line back, as the temperature was in the low thirties) resulting in low ceiling, a condition conducive to an inversion layer. A UFO sighting consisting of a single white light in the northeast at an altitude of about 10 to 15 degrees above the horizon.

The locations from which the calls came were all close to the route of the vehicle that was in this investigator's opinion, will be around 0300 on 22 May way be attributed to the police-run.

Witness. The witness in this case is a fifteen-year old girl residing in Lansing, Michigan. She is not skilled in description of objects. The details of her sighting are very vague and consist of unimportant insignia that she and being unable to draw even a single sketch.

Her basic story is that as she was looking her bicycle home at about 9:30 pm, she heard a loud roaring sound which a steady tone in it, and looked up to see a rectangular object, resting glow in color, silently hovering about 250 to 300 feet in the air. She noticed about seven or eight bright (bright light) from her home), and heard a loud roaring sound with a steady tone in it, and looked up to see a rectangular object, glowing in color, silently hovering about 250 to 300 feet in the air. She noticed about seven or eight bright (bright light) from her home), indicating this same object, and seemed to be a part of this object. The light was estimated to be as bright as the inside light of an automobile. The light was said to be surrounded by an intense light-source having a diameter as large as the bottom of the rectangular object. The light then went out with a sudden and the object went out of her sight. All the surrounding investigates (described as "it") went out at once like turning off light switches. The light was bright enough to light up the trees but could not make out any definite shapes. This light was visible for a period estimated to be 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. The object, although there was no wind. The light was flashing at times, but observed to be steady for the most part. When a gust of heavy smoke came toward her, she thought that it might be caused by the object, but did not think any more of it. This smoke, however, cleared rapidly, and had a burning odor, which was somewhat pungent. When a gust of heavy smoke came toward her, she thought that it might be caused by the object, but did not think any more of it. This smoke, however, cleared rapidly, and had a burning odor, which was somewhat pungent.