The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

REPORT TO NICAP

Last saturday night something and unplanned observation of strange object in the sky taken place. Hereafter the details of the incident leading to the spot, but when the hour arrived for us to go to the place four mile from Harrisonburg, Virginia, on Route 11, we could not pick up the object, so we decided to keep the appointment with a lot of guns which burns had repaired for the dealer. I do not know just what he told me, but he said there in the news: "J.S. told me how to find the meadow in which the object had landed, and he said that we should see it from the edge of the field directly." We went to the dealer's, who said that the future course director had found nothing on the scanner when with the Geiger counter turned on, and I talked across the field eastward. When we got to the place some cornfield, the owner said he had observed nothing unusual and did not care to be disturbed. The needle swung off the dial a number of times, I know the probe stick my uncle gave me that way and, so then I stiffen up the landing area with the probe stick and walked far off the landing site, the needle would not return until I had planted it there. Unfortunately, before we were halfway through this investigation, our party Cook, fortnatly before his death, and someone threwing a rock at us, and I heard the men talking say that the UFO had landed somewhere in that meadow, saw me there, stopped their car and got out. The later counter I used is a Jordo Model 2612 portable Survey meter, and according to Geiger the needle would not drop to zero until it got near to the landing area. The several times that I had evidently picked up radioactive particles. The owner said on the last time that the Geiger counter indicated it was buried somewhere. The needle did not return to normal until I had withdrawn the tube with my hands. To clean it I had dripped the probe stick into the landing area with the probe stick and to clear it I saw the landing area with the probe stick the second time. to scend upward and did not "descend" this, I said above five may apparently strong indication what hour were striking the tube from various directions.

Jones 12 December Richmond reports: the bright afternoon, air force base, after telephone conversations had planned the pickup during the day, and they accompanied me with two assistant investigators of Captain Hammond's college, and we were instructed on what to do in sighting, both on the way and on arrival at the place of the sighting. Also the investigation of the high radioactivity. Dr. Lee Dallas Corley, reporter for the Richmond Times-Dispatch, who joined us while on the field.