The image does not contain a photograph, only handwritten text. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

Dear sir:
I understand you are studying information relating to unidentified flying objects. This is in response to your request for any information or reports I may have concerning such objects.

For some time, I have been very puzzled by an incident which occurred in the Pacific Ocean on 7 July 1964. At the time, I was the navigator aboard a commercial air transport flying from Los Angeles to Hawaii. We were approximately 650 miles west of the California coast when the incident occurred.

It was shortly after 2200 hours, local time, when the Captain and I both noticed an extremely bright light in the sky, slightly south and to the west of our present position. At first, we thought it might be a very bright star, but as we watched, the light seemed to be getting closer and was definitely not a star. In fact, it appeared to be an extremely bright, round, white light, much larger and brighter than any normal aircraft running light.

As we continued to observe this strange light, it suddenly made a rather sharp 90 degree turn and began to rapidly close the distance between itself and our aircraft. The Captain immediately took evasive action, putting the aircraft into a steep dive. I have no idea how close the object may have come to our aircraft, as I was busy taking down information and preparing a report.

After the evasive maneuver, the object maintained its position for several minutes, then accelerated at a fantastic rate and disappeared from sight over the horizon to the west. I can assure you that neither the Captain nor myself were given to imagining such things, and we were both thoroughly shaken by the incident. I only wish that I could provide you with a more detailed report, but that is the essence of what occurred.

I sincerely hope that this information may be of some assistance to you in your study of unidentified flying objects. If I can be of any further help, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Sincerely yours,
[redacted]