There does not appear to be any photograph in the provided image. The image shows what looks like a typed letter or report from Project Blue Book regarding a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the image:

29 April 1955

Dr. Donald Menzel 
Mrs. Lyle Boyd
Harvard College Observatory
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Don and Lyle:

At long last I am prepared to make a reply to your letter of February 29. I'm also enclosing a piece of the identical type of cardboard originally placed by my laboratory assistant under the Ubatuba charred fragments when they were received. I remarked at that time that the original piece had charred edges which my or may not have had any connection with the slugged landing at Socorro. This sort of cardboard gets caught under the husks in the wind you see, and you not only see them on the ground, but reports of them continue to turn up all over the country. Old Spanish cardboard boxes, formerly used for food, etc., seem to be the source. 

Again, more and more, I would judge. This cardboard, as you can see, bears evidence of having been used to take a model of a spaceship.

I should mention that I discussed this whole matter with major general jr. childers and he informed me that he is still satisfied that the report on this case from Socorro is accurate. He says that all parties concerned in that investigation are still convinced that the events as reported are accurate. He informs me that the movie film obtained at that time is still under study. The movie is due to have a world premiere in Socorro, and I'm hopeful it will reveal something of importance.

I don't think we can say too much about the flames which could have been interpreted as a flame. As you know, a burning bush, etc., I couldn't get anyone to agree to my suspicions as to this being the explanation. Caves instead show only the fact that a burning body had occurred. But the Caves said that their flame had seemed to be ordinary flame until it began to diminish. As they had no explosives or anything that would account for an ordinary flame, they couldn't say that it was anything more than was exposed to ordinary vision. I'm afraid we must go to other major points.