The image appears to be a page from an old report document, possibly from Project Blue Book. It contains a detailed description and illustration of the three planets that will be visible in the night sky in December 1964 - Jupiter, Mars, and Saturn. The text and diagrams provide information on the appearance, visibility, and location of these planets in the sky.

Transcribed text from the document:

ASTRONOMY

Three Planets Visible

The new moon, beginning the appearance of Jupiter, Mars and Saturn, will include a total eclipse of the sun as one sees it tonight.

By JAMES STOKLEY

The planets Jupiter, Mars, and Saturn - all will appear in the January evening sky, January observers can look forward to some interesting sights.

Only Jupiter, however, is shown on the accompanying chart, which is a map of the northern skies as they will appear on the first of the month. This is the only one of the three that can be readily seen during the early part of the month. Their appearance is similar to that in November, Saturn as high in the south, and Jupiter to the southwest, that it is not difficult to locate.

On the astronomical diagrams, Saturn is drawn as 30 times its normal size, simply to make it more visible. In reality, it is a very small object in the sky, scarcely visible to the naked eye. This is why it is not shown on the map with the other two planets.

During January, Saturn can be seen in the south and southwest, even before Jupiter appears. Thus it is easy to locate in the west in the early evening.

This month, Jupiter will reach its greatest brilliance for the season, about an hour before sunset and then slowly fade from view as it passes behind the sun during the closing weeks of the month. Its brightness is magnitude 2.0, even brighter than Saturn.

In the east, Mars will be rising earlier each night, the constellation of Canes Venatici, the great star, Arcturus, and the bright star Spica will be visible during the evening hours. Orion, the warrior, with his two first-magnitude stars, Betelgeuse and Rigel, will dominate the southern sky.

Taurus Stands Higher

Still higher and farther right stands Taurus, the bull, with brilliant and reddish Aldebaran. And not too high in the sky is Cassiopeia, the queen, with her W-shaped configuration.

Above and to the left of Orion is the bright wishing group called The Pleiades, or Seven Sisters. To their left, the brilliant group are the twins, Gemini, with Castor and Pollux. To their left, making up the winged figure of Pisces Cetus, the whale, can be seen, and farther up, Perseus, the hero, with the head of Medusa, the Gorgon, at his feet. On the map of the northern half of the sky is, of course, the constellation of Ursa Major, the Great Dipper.

To the southwest is the brilliant star Sirius, the Dog Star, in the constellation of Canis Major, the Great Dog. Below and to the left of Sirius is the faint but prominent group called the Orion Nebula. The Great Nebula in Orion is a mass of glowing gas in which new stars are being formed.

SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS