There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the image is as follows:

"Glassboro, - The Air Force investigators were, they took back to Headquarters Monday, September 7, 1964, information concerning a sighting of an unidentified flying object they were advised last Saturday in an Air Force alert. Full details were not released.

The Air Force Scientific consultants. The investigators concluded that there were the marks that were observed, and said she saw a "red glow" in the sky and a stationary light some distance of this starlike object. 

The investigation was handled by Air Force Major Underwood of Philaelphia and Capt. L. Rosell of the local Pesfield. 

Police officials say a triangular arrangement of 4 lights with a larger star-like center all of which remained stationary for several hours was observed last Saturday by two young brothers. They had previously observed the object on Friday evening about which a red glowing object landed.

Our interest in the Glassboro case started on Monday, September 7, 1964. In the eleventh message, an announcement was made that these had been a UFO sighting. - a crater having started about 30 feet-across, was present and serious tripod marks were discovered at Glassboro, New Jersey. This was the first information given subject matter of this report by a Philadelphia TV Station.

We did not make our initial trip to Glassboro until the following Saturday, September 12. Part of the reason for this was that we feel that this was a mistake, for in delaying our investigation we may have eliminated chances for collected more concrete and clear evidence which is so important in all UFO cases. During the week, the area had been plowed under by curiosity seekers, Glassboro police, and the Air Force. It has also rained before and on the Saturday-we got there. This may distort slightly the validity of some evidence presented later in our report. This, however, has all been taken into consideration, and has been given much thought. We have come to the conclusion that none of our evidence is so doubtful as to warrant its being dismissed as unreliable, nor is it meant to be."