The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing a sighting report from David N. Moody in Lansing, Michigan. I will now proceed to extract all the text from the document:

THE REPORT OF TEST DAVID N MOODY, TO LANSING, MICHIGAN

On 1 Jun 64, Test David N Moody, AF 1925-937, departed Wight-Patterson AFB, Ohio for the Lansing, Michigan area to investigate reports received by the news media and letters from public citizens requesting information. 

On 13 June, Test Moody met William Paxson of Northwestern University in Lansing, Michigan who stated that he had received several phone calls from citizens in the Lansing area reporting sightings from 21 and 22 May 64. Sgt Snyder of the Lansing Police Department was also present during these discussions.

Sgt Moody accompanied by Bill Powers proceeded to the Lansing City Police Station where they discussed the police log and reports on file. These reports and discussions with officers on duty indicated various sightings were known, details of which could not be determined.

In the City Police station, investigators proceeded to the office of Police Inspector Frank Rand regarding the sightings in the Lansing area. Discussions were also held with the Inspector's secretary and other police personnel. It was determined that numerous sightings and a determination was made as to which specific cases reports were received from. 

Sgt Moody's instructions to the airman were to group all sightings with additional information into: 

(1) Sightings attributable to the known sources (special lights on a police car, etc.)
(2) Sightings for which additional information was required.

This was believed to be a proper procedure in order that those sightings which contained the most information could be followed up first.

Sgt Thornton of the East Lansing, Michigan Police Department made a possible meteor observation. A probable meteor shower was covered in Bill Powers' report.

This information was investigated later by both Sgt Moody and Bill Powers (to be contacted by telephone).

35 state university students or two college students (to be contacted by Bill Powers) at Michigan State University reported sightings to the police.