There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report describing a sighting of an unidentified flying object near East Lansing, Michigan.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text contained in the document:

At 2136 hours, a call was received from a University Village, Michigan State University, East Lansing (about three blocks from the State Police headquarters), reporting a sighting of what appears to be the same object that Thornton saw.

Thornton was emphatic about the fact that he had never seen such a strange object in all his life. He was reluctant to talk about it, expressing some regret that he had ever "opened his mouth" about it. Investigator had a slight impression that Thornton was perhaps not mentioning all the reasons he had for thinking that the object was so strange - his apparent suspicion seemed out of proportion to the sighting of a bright meteor, but may, of course, have been due only to the fact that his report was being investigated. 

and his wife were interviewed. These witnesses had been riding in an open convertible about three miles south-west of Thornton's location, at about the same time (shortly after 2100), and were on an interchange of Interstate 96 at the Cedar Street entrance, headed south. a pre-medical student, just finishing his senior year, saw the object for the longest time; his wife, alerted by his exclamation, just caught a glimpse of it before it turned a light off.

said that the object was coming from his left and was due south when he first noticed it. Its elevation was between 20 and 30 degrees. It was judged later to be as bright as Venus, perhaps brighter (Venus was approximately at magnitude -4) and of nearly the same color, a clear white. The object moved to the west through an arc of about thirty degrees, taking about three seconds. At the end of this time, the light suddenly cut off, while the object was still travelling through clear sky well above the horizon and clear of trees. Witness described it as if someone had turned a light off, or even more as if the light had rotated behind something.

If a minimum velocity for a meteor is taken as about 25,000 feet per second, the observed motion of the object could not have been that of a meteor, since the arc traversed, about 30 degrees, would have been covered in less than a second.