There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Transcription of the text in the document:

He had gone into this thing quite thoroughly and in a quite sedate and unexcited manner. His story, published "TECHNICAL APRIL 25, 1964, includes one item not mentioned previously: "At least one other person - an unidentified tourist - was the first to notify the UFO before it landed in a gulley." Opel Grinder, manager of Whitting Brothers' Service Station on 85 North, said the man stopped at the station and remarked that he had seen something like "two helicopters in the distance," and the tourist said, "It was a funny looking thing, didn't make any noise." The man said further that the object had flown over his car. It actually was headed straight for the gully where it landed moments later. The tourist also commented that he had seen a police car heading up the hill. This was apparently prior to the event.

I believe that we can dispense with the rash of other reports that sprang up immediately thereafter. This was the case near Santa Fe, the case in Montana, the girl with scorched eyes because she looked at a flying saucer in Albuquerque, and others. But, it is essential that the Socorro case be given the treatment.

I also questioned a while in Socorro, in the office of Wm. Becker, principal of the School of Mines, who according to the newspaper accounts, apparently was also an eye-witness to the events going on in the area at the time. He, as the rest of the townspeople, were puzzled by the event, but the general underground gull of opinion was that it would turn out to be some device which the government still had under wraps. Not one person whom I talked with in the least by either implication or inuendo, challenged Zamora's veracity.

Finally, the drawings which Captain Holder and his associates made, when replotted according to scale, (already enclosed with the report of Captain Holder, already sent to you) which indicate that the discrepancies between the markings intersected perpendicularly. It would appear essential that for this case to be fairly closed out, if the interpretation is that of a new device and its dimensions are to match the findings found on the ground, this the device finally selected should be expected to match these marks observed.

I left Socorro shortly after noon on Wednesday, April 29th, Major Conner and James Ray having come down late that morning to pick me up. We had a late lunch enroute to Albuquerque.

In Albuquerque, I had the opportunity to talk with Mr Arthur Burns, of the FBI, who added nothing new to the situation but confirmed the general reliability and stability of Mr Zamora. He also was of the opinion that the marks might well have been fresh ones.I also called the mother of the young girl whose eyes were allegedly burned by having looked too long at a flying saucer, and found that the name of the Doctor who treated her and who had confirmed the burns, was a Dr Best of Albuquerque. Major Conner indicated that he would investigate further. That is all.