The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

BOLIDE OF 1964 JULY 19. A.M.S. No. 2384
BY CHARLES F. OLIVIER
Narberth, Pennsylvania

Over sixty visual observations of an unusually bright bolide, sighted over British Columbia on July 19, 1964, 0:44 p.m. P.S.T., have been analyzed to determine the approximate parabolic path of the object.

SOMMAIRE

Plus de soixante observations visuelles d'un bolide particulierement brillant apercu dans le ciel de la Colombie Britannique le 19 juillet, 1964 a 0:44 p.m. heure normale du Pacifique, ont ete analysees pour determiner la trajectoire parabolique approximative de l'objet.

ON July 19, 1964, at 0:44 p.m. P.S.T., an unusually brilliant bolide was sighted over British Columbia and, moving in a general south-easterly direction, ended over Washington. Mr. R. F. Rogan, regional director for the American Meteor Society, began collecting numerous reports from Canadians and others in the Washington area. Eventually these were all sent to the writer, who belatedly attempted to calculate the path. However, it became evident that sighting reports from Canada would vastly assist in the solution, hence the writer applied to Dr. W. M. Millman of the Meteor Centre, National Research Council, Ottawa, for assistance. Dr. Millman's reports, as well as a drawing of the preliminary projected path, derived by Prof. R. E. Slawson, University of British Columbia, Canada, from observations he had collected. Three reports were received from the RCMP with various degrees of accuracy and were utilized first and last observed positions and azimuth lines were drawn for the directions in which the bolide was first and last observed from each station. As always there were great discrepancies in the angles given, ranging 40° 15' N., saw it begin at a Ursae Majoris and cross over ▵ Aquillae-actually it went much further. This observation gave fundamental points on the path and a very fine projected path since it passed almost through the zenith. Several other Canadians saw it near their homes and one reported it to be very low over the trees.

The sub-end point was based mostly on American reports and a large proportion of these gave estimated on Astronomical Research, Vol. 59, No. 6