The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text document describing a UFO sighting incident that occurred in the village of Conklin, near Binghamton, New York, in mid-July. The document describes how five children claimed to have seen a "little man" wearing a helmet and plastic goggles, who made "strange clicking sounds" and then walked back to a nearby saucer and climbed in, as the children ran away in panic. The document also mentions a related incident in Newark Valley, New York, where a farmer named Gary Wilcox claimed to have talked with two little men from a flying saucer on April 24th. The text provides details about these two incidents and references a previous report in the project's "Non-Scheduled Newsletter #21".

ANOTHER LANDING IN NEW YORK: Some time in mid July, five children in the village of Conklin, near Binghamton, New York, claimed to have seen a "little man" wearing a helmet and plastic goggles, who came up to them making "strange clicking sounds." The creature then walked back to his nearby saucer and climbed in, as the children ran away in panic.

Mrs. Edmund Travis, mother of two of the youngsters, questioned them closely and threatened them with punishment if they were not telling the truth. She said that she also questioned them separately, and that their stories were "pretty much the same." Mrs. Travis showed a newspaper reporter the spot where the spaceship is supposed to have landed. The moss in the area appeared to be dead and matted.

It will be remembered that in nearby Newark Valley, N.Y., a farmer named Gary Wilcox claimed that two little men from a flying saucer talked with him in English on April 24th. The above incident tends to confirm his story, which was described in detail in our September issue. (The Flemington, N.J. and Conklin, N.Y. incidents have already been reported in our Non-Scheduled Newsletter #21, but are repeated here for the benefit of subscribers who are not on the Newsletter mailing list.)