There is no photograph present in this scanned document page from Project Blue Book. The image appears to be a typed text document with information about "Mystery Rings in Euclid, Ohio".

Information Only (No Case)
Source: FSIC
Euclid, Ohio
May 6, 1964

MYSTERY RINGS IN EUCLID, OHIO 
The remnants of two rings can be found on the back lawn of Mr. and Mrs. Albert G. Webber, a plumbing contractor.
The first ring, which is easily distinguishable, appeared about three weeks ago. The older ring, still visible in parts, appeared in late April or May. Both rings are nearly perfect circles, and the most recent ring is 1-2 feet wide, and forms a good circle. The Webbers said Mr. Nice and the Editor that no deposits of any kind were found within the rings.
The older ring, on the left edge of their lawn, is 6.2 feet from the house; the newest ring is only 35 feet away, on the right side.
Soil and root samples will be tested. A Kent State University professor said to the press that these are the by-products of energy processes not yet explained. However, examination of the area as it is still visible.

WHAT MADE THE RINGS?
Mrs. Webber claims that just before the first ring appeared, she had had some strange experiences, and still isn't sure what she saw.
She had let her French poodle out at 5:00 A.M. As usual, she turned on the lights which illuminated the lawn in the back yard. She said that out there, on the left side, was a flight-colored object whose shape formed almost to a point on the right side, vertically, stood a sail-like projection. The "top" stood about 8 feet tall. 
She quickly called her dogs into the house, shut the door, and watched the object through the window. She could not determine what it was.
She waited till 6:30 A.M. when her husband got up before she told him.
About an hour after the first donut ring of burned-out grass appeared, 50 feet from the house. She noted that the dogs did not act up during the episode. Since this time, more rings have appeared.