There is no photograph present in this document. The text appears to be a typed report of a UFO sighting incident that occurred in Lansing, Michigan on May 20, 1964.

The text of the document is as follows:

The first Lansing call was to the Lansing Police Department, where I spoke with Sgt. Mark/Snyder. A series of calls had been received from residents of Southern Lansing for several days, starting at 3 AM on Wednesday, May 20. A list of names was obtained from the log of Wednesday, all from people who complained of a "weird noise." This noise was described approximately as a "whirring" noise, starting low and going high, then stopping. In a subsequent call to the Ingham County Sheriff's office, I was informed that at 3AM Wednesday morning a police car had made an emergency run down Miller Street, employing a new "warbling" siren, which the desk/sergeant described as sounding "weird."

When I read him the list of addresses of the complainants, he identified most, but not all, of them as being close to the route of the emergency run.

It was also found that an elephant was tethered all night in a shopping center nearby, part of a promotion stunt.

The reports of 3 AM Wednesday, therefore, may tentatively be connected with the known emergency run, as least those definitely concerned with noises, which I understand is true in all cases.

Reports from Thursday and Friday night, however, cannot be connected with the siren, as objects were seen. There appear to be several independent sightings of different objects.

One object, a bright blue or blue-green light, was seen descending "to the ground" (that is, going out of sight, following a downward course) by two people, and both saw it do this on the way home. When he caught sight of the object, both were impressed sufficiently to attempt to drive to where the object disappeared, and both seem to have thought it might be an aircraft in trouble. The man not subsequently, while in his capacity of television announcer (for WJXM) at a remote broadcast from a restaurant in Lansing, and here they each learned that the other had seen the light. Unfortunately, it appears that they have already compared stories, as both reported to me in phone calls separately warning that the other had seen the light.