--2--

9. Dayside sighting. At about 0300, 1 June, 1954, Miss [redacted] age 28, was at a cottage at Crystal Lake, 60 miles northwest of Lansing, with her mother and 10-year old sister. [redacted] was studying history in the cottage living room when she heard a loud roaring sound. She looked out the front window which overlooked the lake to the North, and saw a bright flash of light near an island some 200 yards out. The noise immediately ceased, and, after a moment, [redacted] went back to studying. About ten minutes later, she again heard the sound, this time from the south, apparently. The noise gradually became louder and louder, waking the younger sister. The younger sister became very frightened, and tried to arouse [redacted], who is a very sound sleeper. Being unsuccessful, the younger girl climbed into bed with her mother and took no further part in the observations.

[redacted] saw the front (north) yard of the cottage light up brightly, as well as the yards bordering it on each side. The noise was now extremely loud, and when [redacted] opened the window to look out, it became so loud that she had to cover her ears. While she was at the window, an "enormous" circular object sailed into view over her head, going north toward the lake. Its lower side was so bright that after five to ten seconds, [redacted] eyes began to water. The object went smoothly out across the lake, the light from its underside illuminating the water and then the island as the light passed over it. It was difficult to make out any details about the shape of the object because its circular bottom side was so brilliant but Lord says she got an impression of some kind of projection on top, possibly dome-shaped, and of another projection on the bottom around the light, possibly rectangular. The object seemed to be no more than four cottage-heights above the ground, and passed low over the island at about the same altitude. It "did not shimmer or turn" as it went, but seemed to keep the same face forward. The noise never cut off, but only faded out.

[redacted] was initially questioned by her father, who said that he fully believed her wish the seriousness of making a false report. Mr. [redacted] said that he