The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report, likely from Project Blue Book, describing an incident that occurred on April 24, 1964 near Canyon Ferry Reservoir in Montana.

The text in the document is as follows:

SOCORRO, NEW MEXICO
APRIL 24, 1964
SOCORRO, N.M., OFFICE SOCORRO P.D. 
About 5 years, office phone 835-0981. Now 20=2:00 p.m. to 10=10p. m. shift. 
About 5:45 p.m. 4/24/64 while in Socorro 2 Police car (64 Pontiac white) started to chase a car due south from west side of Court House. Car was apparently speeding. One was about 2 blocks head of other.  At Park Old Police Station (extension of Park st. south) near George Kamillo residence (about 1/2 mile south of Spring Street, the chased car was going straight ahead toward woods area. 
Car chased was a new Chevrolet (it must have been a fast to have been that far ahead).
about 17?). Chased-car still about 3 blocks ahead.

At this time saw a flame in the sky to the southwest same distance away. Possibly a 1/2 mile or a mile. Game to mind that a dynamic shock in that area had blown up, decided to leave chased car go.

Flame was bluish and sort of orange too. Could not tell size of flame. Some motion possibly descending slow, did not pay too much attention to the flames. It was a narrow type of flame. It was like a "stream down" -- a funnel type--narrow at top than at bottom. Flame possibly 3 degrees so 3 within--not wide.
Flame about twice as wide at bottom as top, and about four times as high as top was wide. Did not notice any object at top, did not note if top of flame was level. Sun was to set, and did not help vision. Did green sun glasses over prescription glasses.

Could not see bottom of flame because it was behind the hill.

No smoke noted. Noted some "scintilla" at bottom --what? Possibly from windy day--and landing hard. Glass many fly scattered over area.
Noise was a roar, not a blast. Not like a jet. Changed from high frequency to low frequency as if something was ascending. Hear lasted possibly 10 seconds--descending toward it at that time on the rough gravel road. Saw flame same color as best as recall. Sound distinctly from high to low until it disappeared. Windows both were down. No other spectators noted--no traffic except the car in front was in front--might in we know it but possibly did not see it because car in front was too close to hill in front, to see the flame.
After the roar and flame, did not note anything, while going up the somewhat steep rough trail--until--they came up and they again, two more times. Got up about half way up time.

The wheels started skidding, roar still going on, had to back down and try twice to make it up.