The image contains a newspaper article with a map but no photograph. Based on the OCR output, the text in the document is as follows:

ASTRONOMY
Jupiter Now Prominent
A total of 10 planets and dwarf planets are visible in southern skies, studded with an unusual number of bright stars, highlights December events.
By JAMES STOKLEY
A SHINING more brightly than any other planet--or any star--visible on eve- ning is the planet Jupiter. It is so bright, in fact, that it is outshining every other celestial body except the Moon, forming an unusually large number of bright markers in the sky.
Even now, with the coming of dawn, Jupiter is still brilliant, standing high in the south, the first of the planets to become visible after sunset. Against the background of bright stars scattered over the southern horizon, Jupiter is easily identified.
Although it is of the first magnitude on the astronomical scale of brightness, Jupiter has shown an increase in luster during the past two months, following the period of its opposition, as the annual cycle of the seasons causes variations in its apparent brightness. Now, reaching its greatest brilliance, Jupiter outshines every other planet and even the brilliant stars Sirius and Canopus.
Jupiter is high in the south. In the constellation Aquarius, the river god. This is the best position for viewing Jupiter, which reaches the meridian, or due south, at about 8:30 p.m. E.S.T. early in the evening.
Saturn to Southwest
To the southwest, Saturn is rising, also in good position for observation. This ringed planet is now 20 degrees above the horizon at midnight, and will continue to rise earlier each evening.
Saturn is easily identified, brilliant yellow-white in color, and not far from the first-magnitude star Fomalhaut, the "Solitary One" in the constellation Piscis Australis, the Southern Fish.
In the far northwest, near the celestial north pole, the familiar Big Dipper is still visible, though low on the horizon. A bit south of it, the star Polaris, the North Star, remains fixed in the sky, marking the exact north. Surrounding it are the other stars of the small constellation Ursa Minor, the Little Bear.
Sun Further South
On Sunday, Dec. 22, at 2:50 p.m., E.S.T., the sun will be furthest south--directly over the Tropic of Capricorn--marking the beginning of winter in the Northern Hemisphere. For those who live in the Northern Hemisphere, this marks the beginning of winter and we have the shortest period of daylight.
The eclipse of the sun on Dec. 4 was for many people in the Eastern Hemisphere who observed it. The path of totality crossed South America and most of Africa. Although it was a total eclipse, large portions of the sun remained visible at all times, shimmering through gaps in the moon's silhouette, with the resulting crescents called "Baily's Beads."
The eclipse will be followed by two partial eclipses of the sun, on Dec. 4, 1966, and Jan. 20, 1967, when portions of the sun's face are obscured. But there will be no total eclipses of the sun visible in the United States until July 10, 1972, and Nov. 14, 1986.

STAGES OF ECLIPSE