The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of text from the document:

"Astutng (Continued from Page 5) this scI'i appeared to "fall upward" leaving gaping holes in the ground. Bitsch described this a a field of view done the same to the nearby earth.

"Perhaps the auxiliary power, presumably used by the craft in Socorro, has been added to overcome this resistance."

When the object took off it did not ascend vertically, but silently in the SE SW direction as well as up until it was above the top of the trees 5 then in a flame shallow ascent, just clearing the top of the dynamite shack, increasing speed it disappeared in the sky above, the Black Range, southwest of Socorro.

Everything considered, the Zamora sighting in without a doubt one of the most detailed and carefully investigated - the lack of real cooperation notwithstanding. Other sightings not as well investigated and the lack of data not withstanding, the sighting, although not as detailed, seem to indicate that a generally disc-shaped which object or objects were operating in western New Mexico.

This consisted of is a matter of speculatton but ensuing events tend one to a rather sobering hypothesis. See the July issue for more on this.

"On their recent last visit to Socorro, they were greeted with friendly enthusiasm by the personnel at police headquarters. The latest revelation made by Chavez was that J. Alan Hynek had spoken highly of Mr. and Mrs. Lorenzen and APRO, and that of all the people who visited their work, they appreciated and liked. Chavez mentioned the researchers who showed up during the occurrence, and seemed to be one of those enthusiasts who does a good job of undercutting any civilian research he is told claims. This one said that he has always believed in UFOs and seen a UFO at will—apparently they have an affinity for him—or something."

Just another couple of interesting sidelights: During the conversation with Moody, he admitted to Mrs. Lorenzen that they (APRO) get more reports than we (the USAF project at Wright-Patterson) do." We interpret this in the light of our contention that the Air Force is conducting the public relations show."