There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing only text.

OCR OUTPUT:

FACTS ON THE GLASSBORO LANDING: The alleged saucer landing at Glassboro, New Jersey on September 18, 1964 has received considerable publicity in the press and has led to a number of official enquiries. While some information has already been published, it seems desirable to present the facts as known at this time.

1. On the evening of September 18, 1964 Mrs. Jessie Roestenburg and her two friends, Mrs. Mildred Landis and Mrs. Katharine Nulton, while returning home, allegedly observed a large lighted object descend to the ground in a meadow near Glassboro, New Jersey. Mrs. Roestenburg stated that the object, which was about 40 feet in diameter, hovered over the meadow about 5 to 10 minutes and then took off at a high rate of speed. 

2. The Glassboro Police Department was notified by a resident of the area and the police went to the scene. They did not observe any object in the air or on the ground. Mrs. Roestenburg then led the police to the spot where she claimed the object had landed. The police found no physical evidence to substantiate her story.

3. An Air Force investigator from McGuire AFB, Captain William B. Neff, interviewed Mrs. Roestenburg on the following day. She repeated the details of her story, but was unable to provide any physical evidence to support it. The Air Force investigator could find no evidence to corroborate the alleged landing.

4. On January 9, 1965 Dr. J. Allen Hynek of the Air Force scientific advisory group, visited the site of the alleged landing. After a thorough ground search, he could find no physical evidence to indicate that a landing had taken place.

About 10 days after the alleged sighting, an article appeared in a local newspaper stating that the two young girls who were with Mrs. Roestenburg denied seeing anything unusual. They stated that Mrs. Roestenburg was mistaken and that they had not seen a landed object. This contradicts Mrs. Roestenburg's version of the incident.

It is the opinion of the Air Force that the evidence does not support the contention that a landed UFO was present at the site near Glassboro, New Jersey on September 18, 1964. We will continue to report further information as we receive it.