Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the output of the text found in the document:

8. The estimate of times, angles, and speeds places the lights about 10,000 feet in the air moving at 130 mph; is there any reason to think they could not have been, say, at 50,000 feet moving at 620 mph?

9. What was the sky condition? Was the moon out?

Finally, a few questions relating to the witnesses:

1. Where were you and who was with you at the time of the sighting?

2. Have you since heard of anyone else who saw the same things?

3. Have you seen anything similar since the original sighting?

It is probably true that the above questions have left out items which you may consider important; that is why you are being asked, not to fill out a standard form again, but to relate the events in your own words, using the questions as a guide.

I should explain that your report will be treated seriously; on the TWX report I have here, there is the notation, "Witnesses to the sightings appeared to be reliable." There is also the concluding comment, "The sightings are presently unexplainable."

The commonest experiences of people who have actually seen a UFO is that it is only seen for a few seconds. This is also our experience. While many of these sightings are quite old by the time the witness has revealed them to someone who will note them down, it is still of statistical interest to us to obtain information about them. If any of you would mention your return address on this letter and asking them to call upon you, we would greatly appreciate you giving the same; we must say that we are responsible members of the public to help us in matters of this national importance. But there is no necessity to do so if you do not wish to divulge your identity.

I hope that all the six witnesses who receive this letter (pardon the strange salutation "Dear Witnesses," but that's the only way I could think of to address six people) will take the time to write the detailed responses not because we surpass several independently-made-out reports for reliability and completeness of details. Each response will receive a reply report on our evaluation after we have had a chance to evaluate the full reports.

I should mention that this letter is part of the official Air Force investigation, and that Dr. Hynek, for whom I am writing this letter, is a scientific consultant to the Air Force on UFO investigations.

Sincerely yours,