There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page of a document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

29 September 1954

Dr. Donald H. Menzel
Harvard College Observatory
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Don:

Thank you for your letter of September 10, and I'm glad that you liked the review. 

With respect to the Socorro case, I wish I could substantiate the idea that it is a hoax or a hallucination. Unfortunately, I cannot. I have talked at length with the principals in the sighting, and unless my knowledge of human nature is utterly out of date, I would not hesitate to say that these two early comments are in themselves quite revealing. The first was to ask his driver whether he had seen what he had just seen, and the second was that he presented the whole thing because it prevented him from seeing his wife, who was in the vicinity, and is far from talkative. His superior, Sergeant Chaves, is much more loquacious.

Major Quintanilla is convinced that the Socorro sighting is neither a hoax nor a hallucination. He feels that certain objects (cars, games, etc.) might have been going on. However, there is no evidence of such, and he is convinced that the tracks down through White Sands, Holloman Air Force Base, and a few others, I would like to go along with the ballifications are so regular and of such that I am marks and the buriedpatches. I arrived there several days afterwards, of course, but the marks had disappeared even then. The air force official who looked at them said the ground was consistent with the four marks as though the topsoil had been freshly pushed aside. The four marks when paced out lie much as the diagram shows that the diagonal distance of exactly ninety degrees, which may or may not be significant.

Then, of course, we have the testimony of the tourist who stopped by and (as I failed to the filling station) was filling up his gasoline tank in detail) who whitely how around to one liked to knock me off the road just south of town.

Whereupon the attendant replied, "Oh, we have a lot of helicopters flying around here."

To which the tourist replied, "If that was a helicopter, it's the damnedest helicopter I ever saw. It seems he was in some sort of trouble because he landed just over the hill and a little later I saw a police car going out."

I checked the times on all these, and they jibe well within human error of time estimates. Furthermore, I talked with all the townspeople I could get to, and their stories, while not identical, are remarkably consistent.