The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, containing a written narrative describing a strange object or phenomenon.

STRANGE OBJECTS CREATING A FUROR
BY TOM WINFIELD
GAINESVILLE, Ga. - Reports of unidentified objects in the northeast Georgia area have created a furor of excitement.
Gainesville housewives and others in the Northeast Georgia area have been watching these strange objects in the sky for over a week. They have been described as bright lights, cigar-shaped, and sometimes almost appearing to be a bell or mushroom head.
It was called Tuesday night when one of the television stations was alerted to the fact that they decided to turn it over to a television investigator to look into it.
THE TV FILM
According to the TV film, which was shown on the television, the object was described as being saucer-shaped with a glowing red light on the bottom side. From the edge of the object there were bluish-green flames coming out, and it was hovering over the ground at treetop level. The film was taken by a housewife in the area who had been watching the object for some period of time.
IT DEPARTED
After the filming was done, the object suddenly accelerated at a terrific rate of speed and disappeared into the clouds. 
MANY OBSERVERS
Many residents of the area have reported seeing the same or similar objects at various times during the past week. They said the objects were hovering at treetop level and then suddenly accelerated at tremendous speeds and disappeared. The sky was clear and there was no other aircraft in the area when these objects were sighted.
OBJECT RESEMBLES TOY
One resident, who was an electronic technician, said the object resembled a glowing toy top that was spinning. He said the object appeared to be metallic and that it was approximately 50 to 75 feet in diameter.
FARMER ALSO REPORTED
A farmer in the area also reported seeing the object, describing it as being saucer-shaped and hovering over his field. He said that when he developed the film, it showed the object to either glow or reflect light in the manner of a mirror.
MAN INTERVIEWED
A man named Turner, who lives near Gainesville, has also been interviewed. He said that on one occasion he saw the object hovering over his house and that it was so bright it illuminated the entire area. He said he went outside to get a better look at it, but that as he stepped outside, the object suddenly accelerated at a terrific rate of speed and disappeared.
RUMORS OF LANDING
There are also rumors circulating that the object was seen to land in a field and that some type of being was observed near it. However, the authorities have not confirmed this. They said, but at this stage, they have no proof to substantiate the rumors.
Meanwhile, the investigation into the strange object continues.