There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University dated February 23, 1959.

Text extracted from the document:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
23 February 1959

Major Hector Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division 
Box 394
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Dear Major:

I am enclosing a toasted copy of a PFRO bulletin. Please note the reported details of the unusual light observed by the military personnel over the Montcello area of Virginia on 8 July 1958. It is clear if at all possible. Apparently there was some conversation between the observer pilots and the tower, but things like that can't get hipped in the bud at the very beginning. It gives an awful lot of details for the man who still U.I.F., it might know. We don't know why the newspaper reporter should be contacted to see just what the original stimulus was.

I am also enclosing a toasted copy of a note from Mr. ____ . He was the one who reported the Toledo case which was rather similar to the Montcello case. You might be interested in obtaining more details of the terrain around there.

Reference 18 August 1958, 200 miles east of Dover (Atlantic). Would it be possible to get the names of those witnesses? I would like to write to them and have each one give me a completely independent statement and drawing of what they observed. I feel this could be done in a way which would show the discrepancies and any common details which might appear. It might have been a relatively stationary balloon which balloons often appear to be. Since everything over the Atlantic would tend to move out to sea, it might be difficult to get the comments of the individual crew members. I would like to find out how much the object appeared to move in relation to the stars or horizon.

Last Sunday I took occasion while leaving around to call this German professor you will remember, the one who writes for us occasionally. He was not there but I did speak with Mademoiselle Colette, the secretary. She told me that X was then visiting some people who were called, as far as I could gather, Oeil. She did not explain the fact that no one else on a well travelled road would not have seen what the X object did by failing to call a possible line on their programme reality. Games gave a completely clean bill of health which, of course, I expected. I also wanted to know how, when the ground was covered with four inches of snow, there were no traces of anything having landed besides.