The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page of text from a Project Blue Book report.

Text from the document:

"Hughes"", a street which appears on the list of complainants ( not in chronological order) from Wedneday night, and which should be checked as possibly being a different report from the "Hughes" reports.

Saturday afternoon the final call before making this report was received from Sgt Gage, of the Michigan State Police, in response to my request for any additional information that might arise. He reported that the object I had just reported was a very strange "whirring" sound from her back yard, at 9:00 or 9:15 PM. She saw nothing, but found a burned area in her yard. This about 10 feet by 4 or 5 feet in dimensions. Leaves were lying on the ground were charred, but the grass underneath was not. She has saved samples of the leaves, and is willing to be interviewed. She, too, delayed her report for fear of ridicule, until other reports were published. Her husband may have heard the noise, but has not seen the area.

This brief report actually covers the information that were received and logged at the police departments in the area. All police agencies appear quite willing to cooperate, and individuals seem to show a healthy mixture of interest and skepticism. My impression is that a more detailed reading of the logs will together with examination of records of ground movements at critical period yield more precise information and probably will eliminate the bulk of reports concerned with noises only, but that other events appear to have occurred which require more detailed investigation and probably further direct contacts with witnesses.

There follows a list of persons some of the /Persons who made reports; this is a very abbreviated list, and is given only for the purpose of aiding identification of the proper individuals for personal interviews with whom to communicate.

MARION, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT. 317 - HO 9-8131
Ten Dennis, Chief, Richard Klingelhofer, Asst. Chief.

KOKOMO, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT (SHERIFF'S POLICE). 317-01-2-7441
Gaylord Burkett, Officer, Lonnie Hendrickson, Officer, Lois Grimes, Others.