There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Let that they don't have enough time and personnel to keep up with fitting. It is only normal procedure that the Air Force would be requested the task of publicly accounting for those matters as it is only the Air Force agents who have access to the actual research and evaluation would be operating behind closed doors, anonymously.

FOR MANY YEARS researchers have urged that all the facts should be told and that possible resulting hysteria is not a legitimate reason for denying the existence of UFOs. It may be an area we have not thoroughly explored.

If, early in the UFO game, certain responsible scientists and of course officials recognized the superior nature of the UFOs, accepted the fact that they were here, then we would be much better off today.

WHEN THE RAIN GOD CAME
On April 17, 1963 in Valle del Tehuacan, Mexico, the idol which had been carved from living rock about 700 A.D. had been discovered in the rains and carried into the nearby town of Coixtlahuaca. It weighs 107 tons. It was carried into Mexico City on a special truck and then, because of its weight, in some sections had to be reinforced because of the weight.

FATE

It is considered the possible hostility of the objects, they may have felt justified in creating some influence on news wire, TV, and radio networks to keep UFO information within their own official framework. It is an early as 1950 when the famous jamming of UFOs jammed radio frequencies of planes over Korea, that objects were capable of monitoring our electronic communication instantly, they instead, by "disclosing", to keep the occupants of the UFOs from revealing how much we knew or suspected about them and how some of us are to have the UFOs publicly recognized, we should be objective enough to admit that a counter-intelligence move as outlined above would be practical and necessary.