The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text document from Project Blue Book, describing an incident that occurred on April 22, 1964, in Edgewood, New Mexico. The text discusses the details of the incident, which involved a young girl named Sharon Stull who reported seeing a UFO and experiencing strange physical effects. The document also mentions attempts to investigate the incident and contact Sharon's family doctor. Overall, the text appears to be a detailed report on the purported UFO sighting and the subsequent investigation.

The Stull Case

One incident which purportedly occurred on 22 April 1964, might have significance from the point of view of the nature of the propulsion of the UFO were it not for several factors involved including personalities. Newspapers in Santa Fe and Albuquerque carried stories about a 12-year-old girl, Sharon Stull, who had reported seeing and feeling some effects of a UFO from a school playground in Albuquerque on the above date. Mrs. Lorensen attempted to call the incident but found that the telephone number had been changed and was unlisted.

On 29 June Mrs. L. sent a wire to the Stull's asking that they make an appointment with her and Mr. Lorensen on a forthcoming weekend. She then ensued a series of calls initiated by Mrs. Stull and stating that (1) Sharon was showing adolescent development at age 10, (2) her growth did not match her weight and height, and (3) Her teeth didn't function properly and she was supplied with "artificial dentures". Among other things.

Attempts were made to speak to the family doctor, to no avail. Messages asking him to call brought no results. The Lorensens decided to make a trip to Albuquerque to get the facts and to clear up several details of other sightings before they left. The Lorensens called a newspaper in Albuquerque, posing as interested citizens, and obtained some information which seemed to corroborate the possible cause of the purported symptoms of Sharon Stull.

Sharon Stull, upon observation by the Lorensens, showed no indication of an accelerated growth or maturation unusual for a 10-year-old girl soon to be 11. She had a few pimples on her face which indicated the appearance of adolescent change, and her eyes looked irritated. Mrs. Stull made calls after calls to TV stations.