The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document describing an incident that occurred in Socorro, New Mexico on April 24, 1964.

OCR Text Output:
UFO REPORT
April 24, 1964
Lonnie Zamora, 606 Reservoir Street, Socorro, New Mexico, 835-3311, Officer
Socorro Police Force for about 5 years, office phone 835-0941, home on 2-10 pm
About 5:45 pm, 4-24-64, while in Socorro 2 Police Car. ("G" white flashing), he
noticed to the south a shiny object like a car stopped across from Sun Oil Co. (west side
speeding and was about 3 blocks in front of police car. At point on old road turned in
direction of Fair Grounds towards Socorro Ave. the chased car was stopped and two
sons south of Spring Street) the chased car was going straight ahead toward video
ground, car chased was then a bright reddish-orange flame underneath. (It would's
bay, Vinas, about 27). Chased car still about 3 blocks ahead. Lonnie Zamora, 
At this time, heard a roar and saw a flame in the only so the southwest, some
distance away--possibly a 1/2 mile or a mile. Came to mind that a dynamite shack
in that area had blown up, decided to leave chased car go.
Flame was bluish and sort of orange too. Could not tell size of flame. Sort of
yellowish flames, slowly descending. Was still driving car and couldn't pay
too much attention to the flame. It was a bright pulsating type of flame. It was tilted
or slanted, about 30 degrees off bottom, Flame seemed, approximately 3degrees or so in width or 4 degrees wide.
Flame about twice as wide at bottom as top and about four times as high or top
was wide. Did not provide any object at all, and not notice if top of flame was
level. Can was to west bound and not help vision. Had green sun glasses over perception
lens. Could not determine size or flame because it was portion to hill. No one was
seen, and Could not determine a "section" of the flame or if it was continuous and
blowing hard. Clear sunny sky otherwise--just a few clouds scattered over area.
Voice was a roar, not a blast, not like a jet. She changed from high frequency
low frequency and then stopped. Roar lasted for approximately 10 seconds--was going towards
to 8 that time on the route. Gravel road, say flame was about as long as been the
in that plane straight for the sound as long as 10 seconds. Did not notice any
sound of flame, only sound was the roar. No other sounds heard before or after 
except the car in front--and the car in front I have heard it but possibly did not
see it because it was in trees.
After the roar and flame, did not note anything while going up the somewhat steep
rough hill--had to back up and got stopped. There is a home in that area but nobody
was there--and the vehicle still going on, had to back down and determine if the flame 
was out of the vehicle still going on. Had to back down and stop and with
loose gravel and rock. While beginning third time, noise and flame not noted.
After got to top, traveled slowly on the gravel road westward. Noted nothing for
a while, a few seconds, 15 or 20 seconds--went straight ahead, looking around for the
shade--did not recall exactly where she stopped looking around for the object.
Suddenly noted a bright yellow object about 150-200 yards. It was off the road.
At first glance, stopped. It looked, at first, like a car turned upside down.
Came this light bright white flame on whites. Was two people in white coveralls very close to the
object. One of these persons seemed to turn and look straight at my car and seemed
startled--seemed to duck quickly and disappeared.
At this time, I started moving my car towards them quickly, with idea to help,
was stopping. About stopped, shortly a gust of wind blew me backwards -- it was very bright
against the noon background, but not choose. Seemed like scene over and I
at what chance look it to be created white car. The car-report on was sanding 
and a time and disappeared on the report.