tumble weed rolling down the road and being driven by the wind.
The following conditions indicate this as a possibility. The sighting
occurred at 0600 hours according to your form. The newspaper accounts
state 0500 hours. In either case the sighting occurred at dawn or just
prior to dawn since Mrs Campbell was driving her car with lights on.
Total duration was only five seconds, an extremely short time to notice
the detail indicated. The description of the object was a dull color
like mud or copper; the shape was very smooth, object emitted no sound.
While the report indicated that the object was first observed 20 yards
away and then as she was driving 40 mph she still observed the object
for five seconds. Either the distance to the object, the speed of
her car, or the duration of the sighting is in error. She estimates
the speed of the object as tremendous while in all probability the
speed of the object was very slow, and this motion was in reality the
closure of her car with the object. The bubble on top could be
attributed to the stem or other protrusions of the object. The circumstances of the sighting and the sudden appearance of an object in the
road at an estimated 20 yards distance and moving toward the witness
driving her car, undoubtedly contributed some element of surprise or
shock which would have an effect on her interpretation of what
actually occurred. No other reports were received of Mrs Campbell's
observation.

We would appreciate further information on the Stanford movies
and any comments which he may have regarding Dr Hynek. I would like
to extend my appreciation for the model of a flying saucer.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

[newspaper clipping: "Rather Just a Weed"
A "flying saucer" sighted September 11 by a motorist near Ulysses, Kan., may have been a wind-whipped
tumbleweed, the Air Force said Wednesday.
Maj. Hector Quintanilla jr., chief of the aerial phenomena branch at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio,
said, "...conditions indicate this is a possibility."
Quintanilla made the analysis in a letter to Hayden
C. Hewes, associate director of the Interplanetary Intelligence of Unidentified Flying Objects (IIQFO), headquartered in Oklahoma City.]