The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten or typed document from the Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings. The text appears to be a description and analysis of a UFO sighting, discussing details such as the witness's vision, the object's appearance, and potential explanations for the sighting.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
(Initials)
February 17, 1965

Vision is important. Both times that he saw the flame he was wearing green sunglasses over his regular glasses and was looking more intense than usual. Could this have blinded him and prevented a clear image? Certainly, wearing green glasses cuts down considerably the amount of color. After he fell down and lost his glasses, he apparently did not see the flame or what he had seen before.

The question immediately came to my mind, "What sort of correction does he normally wear, and how might this affect his vision?" A call to Major Quintanilla advising that I would like to know his refractive status, 20-200, 20-400, etc. I gather that he needs rather high correction, and it is possible that the green glasses cut down the amount of light to a point where he could not see clearly.

In other words, what he saw may indeed have been a real phenomenon, but the fact that "smoke appeared to come from it" and that there were other "visible and charred portions of the bush were cold to the touch" may indeed have been a chemically produced smoke, and that the charred portions were just right for a bright illumination.

Of course, some chemical release might have been involved, however, there are many sufficiently strong rocket devices or producing a strong roar, perhaps from an electronic device, turning it up and down. Such a device need not be very large.

It is possible that some very fine powder, perhaps an elevated chloride, might have been released and clung to a surface, elevating from a brilliant source of light. This could explain the "reddish glow" of the emitted vapor, etc.

However, there are many sufficient terrestrial phenomena that could have produced the described effects. The contention that both flames and smoke were observed, especially when illuminated by the reddish glow of the emitting vapor, GC crystals, was just right for a bright illumination.  And, if it came from an inverted cone, as reported.

Of course, some chemical release might have been involved, however, there are many sufficiently strong rocket devices or producing a strong roar, perhaps from an electronic device, turning it up and down. Such a device need not be very large.