The image contains a photograph or sketch depicting a flying object that the witness describes as a "flying saucer". The object is described as being shaped like the cream of an ice cream cone, and the witness has provided a diagram to illustrate its appearance from various angles.

Illinois State Selective Service System
405 East Washington Street
Springfield, Illinois 62701
22 July 1964  

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

At about 4:45 a.m. on 20 July 1964 I was driving eastbound through a wooded area on State Route 101 about two miles west of Fulton, Illinois, when I noticed a shadowy cone-shaped object, with fire jetting out of the bottom, rise straight upward over the trees in front and to the side of me at a distance of perhaps one mile.

My first thought was that it was a jet plane, then I decided it was a rocket powered cone-shaped object. I recall thinking that their rocket exhaust was too rich as the sparks or flames were reddish purple. I then realized I might be looking at a "flying saucer."

As I continued driving eastward the object climbed to about 1500 feet and leveled off, coming directly toward me. At that moment it extended a large sunflower with yellow petals sticking out all around it; I was looking at its front side and the petals were the rocketsparks flaming out around the edges. This lasted only a second or two, then it made a sharp loop upward and almost reversed its course, leveling off at about 3500 feet and heading almost due east. It was as if the generator had gotten a bit of a quiver, making a ball of fire, and in a very few seconds it was completely out of sight.

This flying object, as I saw it, was shaped like the cream of an ice cream cone with the rocketsparks where the smaller part is. I would guess it was about 60 feet in diameter. I have drawn the attached sketch to show how the object looked to me in the various positions in which I saw it. I cannot say whether it was ascending from the ground at the moment I first saw it or whether it may have been flying at tree top level when I saw it making its flight straight upward.

The sky was clear and still dark, although it was beginning to turn gray in the east. I was alone in my car. There was no other traffic on the highway in that vicinity. My car windows were up because of the cool weather and I heard no unusual sounds. The whole incident as described above probably took no more than one minute.