The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY 
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
July 15, 1964

Major Hector Quintanilla
Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

On December 23 both Bill Lowered and I talked with a - - - who is a 292-3 from Clinton, Iowa. This man called us from Clinton and said he had sighted something in the sky which appeared to be odd. He said it was visible for several minutes and at times it appeared to be shooting out colored light beams. He thought that perhaps the object was hovering over or passing around there is little chance of anything new to report. It is a pity that the sighting did not last longer.

Going back to what I said, the short conversation was a loss because no details as to size, shape, color, direction of travel, and time in detail - I call us just why we were asked! ? I'm afraid we wasted quite a bit of time on a new hint if it turned out the be a familiar phenomenon.

However, there are some points which came out of the conversation, and I'd like to pass them on to you. First of all, his story seemed coherent, and he did not appear to be a nut case. Furthermore, he does not have any axe to grind. Rather pedestrian, as a matter of fact, and hardly able to be excited or imaginary.

He made the claim that he got several similar sightings within the last year, and he seemed quite confident that what he saw now was not a mistake. This time it did not happen at night, but in early evening, and its rather unusual characteristics did impress him. Namely, the shooting beams of colored light. 

I'm not too sure just what to make of the independent sighting near Clinton, Iowa. It is a disappointment that the observance was so short and that details are so meagre. What little I could pick up, however, does not lead me to suspect a hoax or that the fellow was intentionally misleading. We'll have to hope that if other sightings occur in the area, they may be more substantial.

Sincerely,