There is no photograph present in the shared image. This appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the output of the OCR system for the text found in the document:

Dear Dr. Hynek,

I was honored and pleased to hear from you today in writing concerning the May 9th phenomenon we have discussed.

May particular reason for writing is because, as is often the case, the phenomenon discussed in several reports is an effort we had spoken of on the telephone some time ago.

As a preliminary, I think we had established that the most striking elements of this phenomenon were the following: 

1. Oscillating or pulsating a series of points or small areas of light (you may wonder why pointing so illustrate in my drawing - if you had wondered, only to point out and assist rather than to claim anything I have never once considered this as an extra-terrestrial phenomenon).

I have never once considered this as an extra-terrestrial occurrence; the monogent is either identical information or explanation: that the appearance was bold and vivid and above all such things.

I think I should tell you that I am regarded as a cynie and I tend to pooh-pooh myths, superstitions, dogmatic religious beliefs, and so on that it becomes difficult to be taken seriously. However, immediately began making phone calls, sending telegrames and writing letters seeking some source of corroboration or explanation.

Without hoping to enhance the mystery, or to perpetuate it, may I observe that it seems to me the appearance was so vivid and the interpretation so detailed and particular may I with deference list them for you.  

1. The appearance occurred almost a full minute after I had turned off my red flashlight; 2. My setting circles were visible, changing diameters and ceasing with a glance-not requiring concentrated lights or squinting: 3. Have a finish you would have to use a magnifying glass to detect, yet these objects raced into my vice from the east, travelling apparently at a speed which I first saw them pass out of the corner of my eye and had to turn-around my seat to observe as they went out of the corner of my eye.