The image contains a map or star chart showing the positions of various astronomical objects and constellations. The map appears to be from a science newsletter or publication, as indicated by the title "Summer Stars Begin to Appear" at the top of the page.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

SUMMER STARS BEGIN TO APPEAR
By JAMES STOKLEY
The faint ecliptic, the path of the sun, the moon, and the major planets, is now easily visible in the June evening sky, and this first noticeable display of celestial bodies emphasizes the approaching summer season.
Planets like Venus, Jupiter, and Saturn, which have been prominent in the evening sky during the recent months, are now sinking toward the western horizon. As they appear lower, other stars are becoming more conspicuous in the east.
Jupiter, for instance, can still be seen low in the west after sunset. But as soon as it gets dark, the brilliant star Arcturus, high in the northwest, becomes the eye-catching object in that part of the sky. Near Arcturus are the stars of the beautiful constellation Bootes, the Herdsman.
To the south of Arcturus, the full curve of Virgo, the Virgin, is now easily seen. The brilliant Spica, Virgo's principal star, is almost due south shortly after darkness falls.
Over toward the east the familiar stars of Scorpius, the Scorpion, are in full view. Scorpius is one of the most conspicuous constellations in the southern sky, and its bright red star Antares marks the heart of the scorpion.
Incidentally, the name Antares means "rival of Mars," and the star takes this title because of its ruddy color, similar to that of the planet.
Rising in the east are Sagittarius, the Archer, and the Milky Way itself seems to flow from this constellation. Sagittarius is a rather faint group of stars, but it contains a great star cloud which is one of the richest portions of our galaxy. In fact, Sagittarius is located at about the center of the galaxy.
Higher in the northeast the brilliant star Vega, in the constellation Lyra, the Lyre, is already well above the horizon. This pure white star is one of the gems of the summer sky.
To the north of Vega is the tiny but striking Northern Cross, formed by the stars of Cygnus, the Swan. These stars have a distinctive shape that makes the constellation easily recognizable.

ECLIPSE OF THE MOON
Another event that will occur in the June evening sky is an eclipse of the moon. On June 24 the moon will pass partially through the earth's shadow, resulting in a partial eclipse of the moon.
This eclipse will be visible throughout North and South America, and the partial phase will begin at 8:32 p.m. EST. Totality, when the moon is completely immersed in the earth's shadow, will not occur, for the moon will only graze the edge of the shadow. It will be a rather shallow eclipse, lasting about an hour and a quarter.
The moon always appears full when it is in eclipse. This is because the moon is on the opposite side of the earth from the sun. So when the moon is entering the earth's shadow, the earth is positioned between the sun and the moon.

MERCURY AND VENUS
In the northeastern sky on June evenings the faint planet Mercury can be seen for a short time after sunset. The planet is moving away from the sun and approaching its greatest elongation, or greatest angular distance from the sun, on June 8.
The brilliant planet Venus is also an evening object this month, although it is sinking lower in the west after sunset. By the end of June, Venus will have disappeared from the evening sky, passing between the earth and sun.