There appears to be no photograph present in this image. The image contains only text that appears to be part of a report or document describing a sighting of an unidentified flying object.

TEXT FROM THE IMAGE:

He said it was very close to the car, so close that he had to look at a sharp angle upward through the windshield to see it, he had started up the car again and at this time object apparently took off at a high fantastic rate of speed. In any case he lost sight of it.

Phase Three: He took off West in the car attempting to trail the object. After proceeding two miles, during a part of which journey he was illegally on blocked road that was under repair, he saw the object again. Now it looked like a circle of stationary yellow orange light, he thinks it was about 500 yards away, again they got out and watched for about two minutes. They got into the car once again and proceeded towards the object along dirt road which circles the lo on which the light was either resting or hovering very low. Very shortly thereafter (with the light was hazy on exact times and durations) he said the light which now looked like a large setting sun, rose some 25 feet off the field. The he said it rose a little higher and traveled West, horizontally with incredible speed and disappeared within 5 seconds.

2. He said he could have gotten terrific movies of it had he had a camera because the light was so bright. There was no sound, however the light did not give the impression of being attached to anything "just a big ball of light". Shy was almost complete clear with very little wind.

3. [Redacted] said they had the feeling "they were observing something in another world".

4. MISCELLANEOUS COMMENTS RELATIVE TO SIGHTING: The light did not give off beams of light, rather seemed to glow, it went from a dead stop to phenomenal speed. The [Redacted] said "it seemed like the thing was looking at us". At one time he turned his headlights off because he was afraid of an attack. He said he felt frightened, got very frightened and for five weeks after this when he took the garbage out, she and looked at the pine trees he had a chilly, eerie feeling, more of expecting the thing to come back. It never did.