The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a lake or body of water. In the distance, there are trees and vegetation along the shoreline. There does not appear to be any obvious human presence or unidentified flying object in the image.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14

The file data/scanned/1960s_scanned/1964-08-6977691-MosesLake-Washington-9066-.pdf3.txt contains the following text:

PROJECTBLUE BOOK SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14

A. PROJECT OBJECTIVES
1. To obtain and analyze all available information on unidentified flying objects.
2. To determine the extent of interest and concern in unidentified flying objects on the part of the general public, the military, the scientific community, and the news media.
3. To determine the over-all effect of the unidentified flying object program on the Air Force.
4. To utilize the knowledge gained from the investigation and analysis of unidentified flying objects to reduce the number and to increase the efficiency of investigations.

B. SUMMARY OF FINDINGS 
1. Analysis of reports received during the period 1 July 1952 through 31 May 1955 shows that about 22 per cent are classified as unidentified; the remainder are identified as known astronomical, meteorological, or man-made objects or are classified as insufficient information for identification.
2. The percentage of unidentified reports fluctuates from year to year and from month to month. From July 1952 through June 1953, the percentage of unidentified reports was about 30 per cent. During the following year, the percentage dropped to about 20 per cent, and during the first 5 months of the third year it was about 22 per cent.
3. About 700 of the reports received during the period 1 July 1952 through 31 May 1955 were not considered for analysis, either because they did not contain sufficient information or because the reports were received too late to be processed in time for Project Blue Book Special Report No. 14.
4. The sudden increase in reports during 1952 created an overload on the investigative and analytical facilities available to Project Blue Book. The percentage of unidentified reports increased during this period of overloading.
5. Analysis of the characteristics of unidentified reports shows that they do not contain any significant information that cannot be explained by present scientific knowledge or that would lead to the existence of new physical principles.
6. The public, military, scientific, and news media interest in unidentified flying objects is considerable. Over the 3-year period, there was a steady increase in the number of reports submitted and the degree of publicity attached to them.
7. The major impact of the unidentified flying object program on the Air Force has been the time, effort, and personnel required for the investigation and analysis of reports. The over-all effect, both psychological and economic, has been considerable.