The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document states:

that there was no radar confirmation and no other witnesses. However, these are not serious objections in our opinion. If a Cuban helicopter could land recently at Miami International Airport without being identified on radar as a hostile craft (in spite of our military alert in that area), then this UFO, flying at low altitude as Lonnie Zamora described it, need not have been noticed on radar either. Furthermore it is interesting to note that on May 22nd - almost exactly a month after the Socorro incident - Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico tracked two UFOfs which were in the vicinity of White Sands, thus proving that at least some incidents did have radar confirmation!

As for there being no other witnesses, it seems that the Air Force and NICAP have one thing in common, in that they have overlooked the published testimony of a tourist who was traveling north on Route 85 and saw Zamora's UFO just before it landed at the gulley. Opinder Ginder, manager of Whiting Brothers Service Station just north of Socorro, said that an unidentified man stopped at the station and told that a strange-looking craft had flown over his car at low altitude. The tourist also commented that he had seen a police car heading up the hill. This was Zamora's actual sighting.

Then, between 7:30 and 8:00 that same evening, another man driving north on Route 85 saw the same or a similar object. We do not know whether he was interviewed by Hynek, but any case his story went out over the Associated Press. The man in question was George Mitropolis, a resident of Albuquerque, who said that he burned off his car engine as the object went by at low altitude, and heard a noise "like muffled jets." The thing had a luminous glow. There were no lights, but the glow underneath the craft looked like exhaust flames. The strange object looked to Mitropolis "like a man upside down bathtub." The startled traveler reported the UFO to two men in another car, and later to the police and newspapers.

In regard to the Socorro incident, Dr. Hynek had this to say after completing his on-the-spot investigation: "Mr. Zamora's story is simply told, and certainly without any intent to perpetrate a hoax. It is told by a man who obviously was frightened badly by what he saw." Dr. La Paz, to whom Zamora had sent meteoritic reports over the years, was quoted as saying: "I have had contacts with Officer Zamora in my work, and he is thoroughly dependable; he believes that Zamora saw a U.S.-made experimental craft, though the Air Force has denied that we have anything answering such a description."

As of this writing, the Air Force admits having no solution to the Zamora case, and if none is found, it will be carried in their files as UN-KNOWN!