There does not appear to be any photograph present in this scanned document from the Project Blue Book report. The document contains only text, which I will proceed to process and output as an OCR system.

Egyptians Give Khrushchev Noisy African Welcome
By GEORGE MCARTHUR
CAIRO (AP)--Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev, making his first visit to Africa, received a tumultuous welcome from Egyptians today. He was acclaimed at the seaport of Alexandria, on a train ride through the Nile Delta and in a red-festooned Cairo.
Not since the revolutionary days of 1952 have so many people surged to the streets of Egypt's capital. It was estimated a half million lined the streets in the heart of the city.
President Gamal Abdel Nasser embraced him warmly as he began his 17-day state visit to the United Arab Republic.
A surging crowd broke through police lines as he drove in an open car to the railway station.
Similar crowds jammed around the Cairo railway station as Khrushchev arrived on a booming 21-gun salute after his train made a 10-minute stop in the ancient harbor of Alexandria.
Since early morning there were unnumbered thousands in the towns of Sohag, Benisuef and Tanta, where his train made brief stops. The ancient harbor of Alexandria was a bedlam of noise with whistling as the Soviet liner Armenia carrying Khrushchev and some 100 aides roared overhead and Soviet-built destroyers and submarines of the Egyptian navy escorted the Armenia into port.
A 21-gun salute boomed and thousands of seamen and dockers lining the piers shouted as Khrushchev walked down the gangway.
Flags, bunting and victory arches decorated the city as Nasser gave his guest a reception for outstaying the one for Red China's Premier Chou En-lai last December.
A barge with top Egyptian officials on board accompanied the Armenia as it docked in the harbor. Khrushchev was welcomed by Nasser on the shore. Khrushchev was accompanied by his wife, Nina, and their son, Sergei, and daughter-in-law.
The official purpose of the visit is to enable Khrushchev to take part in ceremonies marking the completion of the first stage of the Aswan High Dam.
Khrushchev is expected to make a major propaganda and diplomatic impact for the Soviet brand of communism in Africa, seeking to neutralize the influence of Red China, which made gains in Africa, especially to the detriment of the fair market value of Davis' estate.