There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a newspaper article titled "Venus Shines Brilliantly" from the Science News Letter on December 28, 1963.

The text in the document reads as follows:

ASTRONOMY

Venus Shines Brilliantly

Venus, the most prominent object in the January sky, glows brightly in the southwest, outshining all other planets and many stars and is easily identified.

By JAMES STOKLEY

As the EARTH rotates this month, the planet Venus is a prominent object in our evening sky. Venus is like the bright headlights of a car that you can see from a distance, and it is easily identified.

Because Venus is a superior planet, it appears on the sky west of the Sun and sets after the Sun does. It is brightest in the northwest just after sunset. Right now it is shining so brightly that it can easily be seen for a half hour or more after the sky becomes dark.

In the next few days, Venus will be in a position to the south of the waxing crescent Moon, making a beautiful sight. The planet appears higher and brighter now than it will later in the month.

As the Earth rotates, Venus appears to shift its position among the stars. Early in the evening now, the planet is well up in the southwest. By the time darkness has fully fallen, it is in the west. And as the night passes, it sinks lower in the sky, setting in the west-northwest long after the Sun.

Three Other Planets Visible

In the evening sky in addition to Venus, three other planets are visible - Saturn, Jupiter and Mars. These are very soon after the stars first become visible in the east.

Saturn is to the southeast and Jupiter is the brightest object in that part of the sky at the end of December. Around January 5, the gaseous giant planet will reach opposition, when it is opposite the Sun in the sky.

But Saturn and Jupiter pale into insignificance compared to Venus. These are the three brightest objects in the sky after the Sun and Moon.

Mars, the reddish object, is farther east, near the constellation of Aquarius. It is visible from about 7:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.

The main thing to observe now is Venus. This is the brilliant "evening star" of winter. It will become a "morning star" in the predawn sky by late spring. But for now it is a superb object in the early evening.

SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS