The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to a UFO report, likely from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

Dr. Allen Hynek
Astronomical Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Dr. Hynek:

Your request for information by telephone is in order before we submit the official report on the sighting which occurred over Maumee, Ohio, June 12, 1964.

My initial investigation indicates that this was an extremely interesting report. We have several reliable witnesses who observed a brilliant, fast-moving object which appeared to be a solid vehicle rather than a natural phenomenon. The object was first sighted by a Mr. and Mrs. William Donahue who were driving north on Route 25 near Maumee, Ohio around 10:15 PM on June 12, 1964.

This object was sighted about five minutes later by a Mr. Andrew Busch and his wife, who were also driving north on Route 25 near Maumee. Both of these independent reports seem to corroborate each other and the descriptions are quite similar. The object was stated to be large, brilliant white in color, and traveling at an extremely high rate of speed, estimated by the witnesses to be in excess of 1,000 mph. The object made a sharp turn and quickly accelerated to the north and was soon lost from sight.

I have interviewed these witnesses and they appear to be completely reliable and credible. There is no evidence of any aircraft in the area at the time of the sighting, nor is there any record of any unusual weather phenomena which could account for the observed object.

I would suggest that this report warrants further investigation. The descriptions given by the witnesses tend to rule out any conventional explanation. I would recommend that this matter be discussed further and that we arrange for an on-site investigation at the sighting location.

Please advise if you have any additional questions or require any further information.

Sincerely,
J. Allen Hynek
Consultant, Project Blue Book