There does not appear to be any photographs in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The document contains text that describes an incident in Socorro, New Mexico on April 24, 1964, where a man claimed to have seen flying saucers 5 times. The text provides details about this reported sighting and the person who claimed to see the objects.

SOURCE: ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL
DATE: 30 APRIL 1964
SOCORRO NEW MEXICO
24 APR 1964

'Talked With Occupants'
Man Here Claims He
Saw Saucers 5 Times
BY MARTIN PASKINS
"I don't know why they picked me," said Appolinar Villa, a mechanic. Villa is just an ordinary working man - just a mechanic.
Many times he has seen there was a purpose. What it is, I don't know.
These times in about five years, says "Paul" Villa, he has seen with his own eyes flying saucers - an air of mystery and quality of knowledge.
"I expect Volcanic Activity near the saucer crew," he said, "expect a large-scale renewal of volcanic activity like west of here. And they expect a glow from that volcanic activity."
This year, they expect catastrophic war between Russia and China to involve many Asian nations.
Villa hasn't sought a purpose of safety. "They can't get away from what God has planned for them," Villa said. His first saucer sighting came on the West Side in the summer of 1959. "Twice," the devices hovered about 100 feet above the home, Villa said. The home was burned. Villa said his burning, for which he had no insurance, left him practically penniless.
Later in June 1960, Villa said, he spent 2:30 to 4:30 in the morning watching saucers near Lindrith. "The devices seemed to be the largest- about 900 feet in diameter and they make noise like a swarm of bees." This, Villa said, scared some would-be audience. Permits was about 160 feet above the ground.
Villa said the saucers contained a large number of people from the far distant places. He pointed out that since the meetings some people from the in-distant places he has become religious.
Next as the meeting, and in listening to politics before and since, Villa said he acquired knowledge of the strange's plans. His efforts to convert people to his ways of thinking have not been the sole success he had hoped, Villa said he was left virtually penniless by a stroke of "bad fortune". His home was burned - totally and without insurance. He went through bankruptcy.
Everything seems to have gone against Villa - except his convictions. "They've chosen me, not anybody else, to tell this story," he said.