There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scan of a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Preliminary Investigation of UFO Reports, May 17 - 22, 1964 
William L. Towers, Director, Dearborn Observatory

On Friday night, May 22-23, I made a brief telephone survey in response to a request by J. A. Hynek, Director of Dearborn Observatory, following his appraisal of a UFI report of sightings in Lansing, Michigan.

My first call was to UFI in Chicago; a report of a UFO sighting had come to them about the same time. A subsequent call to UPI in Lansing established that reports were coming independently from both locations. 

I contacted the Police Department in Ionia Marion, and was informed that police officers in the Marion force and in police departments of surrounding towns ( Tipton, Hartford, Tiptop Country Sheriff's office, advised the UFO TYUEE NOV 19-65) had witnessed either single lights or groups of lights, both stationary and moving, which struck witnesses as unusual enough to report. Calls to several of the other departments in the area did not add much information, as the witnesses were on patrol or were not on duty at the time. In every case I was assured that witnesses would be available if a complete investigation were carried out; in most cases the sightings were logged, or else the force is small enough that the individuals involved will be easy to find.

I did succeed in locating one witness who saw an orange light low in the northwest sky, apparently "200 - 500 feet high, three to six miles away", having driven to the west end of town ( Hartford City) after hearing over his police car radio comments about other sightings in progress. The officer, Robert Hender....lth, reports that the Blackford county sheriff, and another man named Johnson, also saw the orange light. It seems clear that the object was Venus, just prior to setting.

The other reports may involve more definite motion, and some involve multiple objects ( at least one observation through binoculars), so the Venus explanation cannot readily be extended without further information.

Having established that enough information could be obtained through the Marion police department for a future investigation, I turned to the Lansing reports.