The image contains a newspaper article with the headline "Socorro Officer Saw Two Men Step Out of Big UFO". The article describes an incident that occurred on April 24, 1964 in Socorro, New Mexico, where a police officer named Lonnie Zamora reported seeing two men emerge from a landed, shiny object. The article provides details about Zamora's account, including the size and shape of the object, the sound it made, and the footprints it left behind. The article also mentions that the Pentagon was interested in the incident.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

Pentagon Interested

Socorro Officer Saw Two 
Men Step Out of Big UFO

SOCORRO, April 25 (UPI) - A 
report by a Socorro policeman 
that he saw two men step out of 
a shiny, egg-shaped object that 
landed near here yesterday has 
drawn the interest of the Pen-
tagon.

Officer Lonnie Zamora said he 
saw the object land and then two 
men get out of it. He said the ob-
ject then took off and flew away, 
leaving four 5-inch impressions 
in the ground which he said ap-
peared to have supported a heavy 
object.

Zamora said the object was 
about 15 feet long and about 6 
feet wide and that it was sliver-
ing and aluminum in color. He 
said the landing was in a draw 
about a quarter mile south of 
State Highway 85 and two miles 
south of Socorro.

Zamora said he was on routine 
patrol when he heard an explo-
sion in the area about 5:45 p.m. 
yesterday. He said he drove to 
within 150 yards of the draw 
where he spotted what appeared 
to be an overturned car. 

As Zamora moved closer he 
saw the shiny object on the 
ground. He said two men came 
out of it, looked at him, then got 
back into the object, which then 
took off, rising about 20 feet 
above the ground and then fly-
ing off to the west, rising gradu-
ally. 

"It was scared," said Zamora, 
when he heard the object leave.  
It was going to slow up, I guess. 
Some kind of tiling was coming 
from it, smoke or something. It 
was illuminated, inside, but not 
all the way."

Radio Officer Sargent Chaves 
on his car radio Chaves joined 
him at the site of the apparent 
landing. They found scorched 
earth and four 5-inch impressions 
in the ground which had sup-
ported a heavy object.

The report has drawn the in-
terest of the Pentagon and an 
officer indicated the Air Force 
would make an investigation. An 
Air Force spokesman said some-
one from Washington was being 
sent to the scene.