The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page appears to be a report or witness account describing a sighting of strange lights in the sky over Grand Rapids, Michigan.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

Call to: OFFICER, Northern Air Service, Grand Rapids, Michigan: home phone: EX 8-3114. 

Officer Rockham Air Service. saw a object on 12 July 64. Sighting is as follows:  

I was coming back from Battle South on Milton Lake, heading southeast on Highway 46. It was about 9:00 p.m. when I saw an object that I couldn't quite identify. 

At first I thought it was a plane, but as I got closer I could see it wasn't. It seemed to be about 1500 ft. in the air and was hovering or maybe just floating. It was about the size of a car, and the color was a sort of luminescent white. It didn't seem to have any lights, just this white glow. As I got closer, the object seemed to move away from me. I stopped my car and watched it for about five minutes. It just hung there, motionless. Then it suddenly took off at a high rate of speed and disappeared.  

There was a haze layer, maybe 1500 ft. There were no other planes in the air that I could see. The object did not seem to have any sound that I could hear.

I got the impression it was checking me out. It didn't seem to have any lights, just a white glow. I couldn't make out any definite shape. It seemed to be larger than a car. The motion was very smooth, no fluttering or anything like that. It took off so fast I couldn't believe my eyes. The two top lights seemed to be paced to the motion, as if it was maneuvering. If they had been running lights on an aircraft, they would have stayed the same. But they seemed to be paced to the motion. I think it was intelligently controlled.

FURTHER GENERAL COMMENTS: It was not a meteor or a flare. I believe it was something real and solid, an intelligently controlled craft from another planet. The lights came up to about his 5 or 6 o'clock position, stayed on my wing and then went out.

Lights might have been physically attached - or they could have been craft flying in formation. You have to decide. There was no smell, sound or heat. The lights seemed electrically controlled, not jet or rocket propulsion. They disappeared instantly with no trail.