The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

order) from Wednesday night, and which should be checked as possibly different

report from the "basic" reports.

Saturday afternoon the final call before making this report was received from 
Sgt Gastorff of the Michigan State Police, in response to my request for any additional 
information that might arise. He reported that a Mrs. ___ ___, of ___ Street, 
Lansing,/heard on the night of the 20th a very strange "whirring" sound from her 
back yard, at 9:00 or 9:15 P.M. She saw nothing, but found a burned area in 
her back yard, about 10 feet by 4 or 5 feet in dimensions. Leaves lying on the ground 
were charred, but the grass underneath was not. She has saved samples of the leaves, 
and is willing to be interviewed. She, too, delayed her report for fear of publicity, 
until other reports were publicized. Her husband saw what she saw, heard the noise.

This brief report actually represents only a small portion of the reports 
that were received and logged at the police departments in the area. All police agencies 
appear quite willing to cooperate, and individuals seem to show a healthy mixture of 
interest and skepticism. My impression is that a more detailed reading of the logs 
together with examination of records of routine emergency-car 
movements will eliminate the bulk of reports concerned with noises only, but that 
other events appear to have occurred which require more detailed investigation and 
probably will call for several different explanations.

There follows a list of names of agencies and persons who made reports; this 
is a very abbreviated list, and is given only for the purpose of adding identification 
of the proper log pages or proper individuals with whom to communicate.

MARION, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT: 317 - NO 5-8131
Tom Dennis, Chief
Richard Harvey, Asst. Chief.

KOKOMO, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT (SHERIFF'S POLICE) - 317-GR 2-2444
HARTFORD CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT 317 - 348-3730