There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text related to a UFO sighting in Socorro, New Mexico.

SOURCE: THE ALBUQUERQUE TRIBUNE
DATE: 29 APR 64

SOCORRO NEW MEXICO
24 APR 64

FLYING OBJECT EXPERT CHECKS SOCORRO SCENE
Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Astronomer, Takes Photos At UFO Site
SOCORRO, APRIL 29 (AP) - The Albuquerque chief of police said today that an astronomer, Dr. J. Allen Hynek, was photographing the site of what was reported to be a flying saucer landing here on April 24. 
Dr. Hynek said he will determine whether sightings and evidence at the site, about six miles south of here, warrant a conclusion that a flying object landed there.  
Witnesses to the craft said it left deep imprints on the ground and made a scorched earth area of about 50 feet in diameter. 
Dr. Hynek said the soil and stones at the site will be analyzed and the results of the analysis would be made known.
When asked if he thought the object was from outer space, Dr. Hynek said he had no knowledge of any objects that have been seen since the current UFO reports began coming in from New Mexico since April 24.
"I haven't any knowledge of any such objects being seen in New Mexico until now," he said. 

FLYING OBJECT
Continued from Page A-1
hill in Veal found the ground still showing signs of the reported landing after several days.
Authorities found no trace of any air force, army, or other aircraft in the area, he said.
"We are flying objects, but we don't know what they are," Dr. Hynek said. "The Aerial Phenomena Research Organization of which I am director, has been convinced the Socorro policemen and others who saw the objects are reporting sincere observations."
Dr. Hynek said the organization's investigations during the past few days indicate the phenomena appeared to be a silent, hovering, brilliantly lighted craft.
He said the April 24 sighting was explored by Mrs. Lonnie Zamora, who called it the "best documented case in our files."
Meanwhile, a spokesman for the General Services Administration at Clovis Air Force Base said no employees of the port of entry station reported seeing any luminous object last night.
The spokesman said a state policeman Paul Aragon answered a call and said he had seen a flying object.