There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text only.

Down on the farm
We are indebted to Mr. W. T. Shannon for having sent us a clipping from the Herkimer (N.Y.) newspaper, issue of May 9. The article has to do with an incident near Binghamton, N.Y. The account reads as follows: "A dairy farmer reported that a bright flash was seen over a field near his home on the night of May 3 by his wife and hired man. They went to investigate and saw an odd-shaped object on the ground, and approached it with curiosity. The report has been forwarded to the Sheriff's Department but further inquiries have been inconclusive.
The Tioga County Sheriff's Department also reported an investigation of a similar nature, according to news received from him. Also, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has apparently been called in on the inquiry. Details from the investigation of this acre dairy farm a few miles northeast of Newark Valley, said that a 'metallic object' had apparently landed and then taken off again in the field. A neighbor informed him about what happened and he went to interview him about the incident, but finally gave up as the man could not tell 'what he had seen'.
On the morning of April 23, Mr. Wallace, who owns his farm near the reservoir, decided to inspect his field. Shortly before 10 o'clock, he decided to go down to the area where the object had apparently landed the previous evening. He wanted to see whether ground conditions would permit planting that day.
The object was reported to be about a mile from his dairy barn, he saw a shiny object at the edge of his field. As he approached the field, he saw that the object had been in the field for some time. He recalled that the shine upon it had caught his eye some little time ago, as he drew nearer. His next thought was that it was a swing tool or some other object dropped in the field. The object was shiny and looked something like aluminum, but he could not tell what it was.
He decided to examine it more closely to have metallic characteristics different from anything he had ever seen before. The object was about 12 feet high and 16 feet wide and was shaped like an "egg". He approached it and felt no heat. He observed no door or escape hatch, but was 'bumptious' man, and decided to take a closer look. He noticed that on the ground, four feet tall, were clothing that appeared to have no seams and that on one side of the object he saw what appeared to be a full-face hood. He could not distinguish any usual features because of the reflection. He thought perhaps these were dummies or life-like features exposed on the outside, but he could not determine whether they had feet and toes.