The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on UFO sightings.

Preliminary Investigation of UFO Reports, May 17 - 22, 1964.
William T. Powers, Systems Engineer, Dearborn Observatory

On Friday night, May 22-23, I made a brief telephone survey in response to a report made by a Mr. Arthur Highee, Director of Dearborn Observatory, following his appraisal of a UFI report of sightings in Lansing, Michigan.

My first call was to UFI in Chicago; a report of a UFO sighting had come in, but from Marion, Indiana. A subsequent call to UFI in Lansing established that reports were coming independently from both locations.

I contacted the Police Department in East Marion, and was informed that police officers in the Marion force and in police departments of surrounding areas were contacted. The officers stated they had observed a number of single lights or groups of lights, both stationary and moving, which struck witnesses as unusual enough to report. Calls to several of the other departments in the area did not add much information, as the witnesses were on patrol or were not on duty at the time. In every case I was assured that the witnesses would be available if a complete investigation were carried out; in most cases the sightings were logged, or else the force is small enough that the individuals involved will be easy to find.

I did succeed in locating one witness who saw an orange light low in the northwest sky, apparently "200 - 500 feet high, three to six miles away", having driven to the west end of town (Hartford City) after hearing over his police car radio comments about other sightings in progress. The officer, Robert Meredith, reports that the Blackford county___________ and another man named __________ saw the orange light. It seems clear that the object was Venus, just prior to setting.

The other reports may involve more definite motion, and some involve multiple objects (at least one observation through binoculars), so the Venus explanation cannot readily be extended without further information.

Having established that enough information could be obtained through the cooperation of local agencies, I have made no further investigations. I trust this summary is satisfactory.