There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document describing a UFO sighting.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
February 29, 1965

more or less a round object, in approximately 1000 feet. (N.B. Why approximately? If the distance was guessed at - it was estimated to be 1000 ± feet.) The object appeared to be stationary, if the distance was correct. Looking down on it, the angular size of the object from approximately .15 miles, looking down on it, appeared like the full moon. The angular size of the object, when first observed, appeared to be that of a vertical ellipse, according to the angle of view. This could easily be caused by the angle between the observer and the object. If he saw it "end-on", the appearance of a vertical eclipse would result. 

The orientation of the quadrilateral object was noted as 45 degrees east of north. If the orientation was accurately measured, it would indicate that the object was holding a steady course, rather than merely hovering. If the object were merely hovering, the orientation might be expected to "wander" more. The identification of the object, the subject of this report, is still pending civilian scientists' study. If this object is a balloon, it would be interesting to calculated its size from the data given. Some experimentalists might show this. 

The boys are waiting for
The thing - and they recognize him when his car comes up to them. The balloon gets caught by the trees and disappears into the distance. And that is it.

The white coveralls might, perhaps, be a clue to the culprits. Do they work in any questionable or unusual occupation? Is operational security at some facility possibly an accomplice?

The object may well be that our hypothesis is far-fetched. However, much more elaborate hoaxes have been perpetrated in the past, and our flying saucer experiences of the previous five or six months, include more than one instance where the activities of certain individuals strongly suggest complicity, if not outright fabrication, at the service station.

I would certainly question the potential speeder, and find out who he plays around with. See if there is any unusual characteristics in his routine, or activity, that might have some fireworks when I was a boy I launched a three-stage rocket, if you call the first stage being shot out of a cannon. Check the local high school...