The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten text describing a UFO sighting incident. 

Text from the document:

on radiator or on trunk, at this first glance.

The only time I saw these two persons was when I had stopped, for possibly two seconds or so, to confirm at the object. It did not seem my presence or possibly any hats or headgear. These persons appeared normal in shape-but
possibly wore small details or large.

When paid attention to read, while drove towards Socorro. Radioed to sheriff's office Socorro 2, possibly 2 or 3 minutes later. I'll be 10-6 (busy) one of the cars, checking the down line area.

Stopped car, was still talking on radio, started to get out, mike will down, reached up to put up mike. When replaced radio, mike had turned to where knob of car, and started to go down to where knew the object (car) was.

How vehicle stopped around and I got by, was not exactly (a blast). We're up next two rear-but that close Was feel, felt. Not like a jet-known that a jet sounds like. Like a frequency, which noise strong and in loudness - from loud to very loud. As same time as rear, say plane. Plants maybe straight up, plane was light blue and the bottom was sort of off orange color. From this angle objet looked like wing(s) of middle side. Not clear in details. I object roughly enough lense.

As soon as say plane and heard roar, turned away, ran away from object. Road was down- straight like, expect to my left some turns. Except this straight and not too much terrain up and down. Hard to describe flame, possibly a four foot area-very rough guess. Cannot describe flame further. Object gone or not in immediate area.

After fall by car and glasses fell off, kept running to north, with car between us and object. Glasses broken, picked up pieces to place in car about 20 to 25 feet guess-took pieces about six seconds. When object started to move I ran at full distance back. I guess is where I checked down, just over top of hill. I guess I had run approx 25 feet when I disturbed body and the object started move level with the car and it appeared to shoot forward, at and angled down-towards the ground, covering my face with my arms. Being that there was no sound, I looked up. I turned away from the object going down toward ground, covering my face with my arms. Being that there was no sound, I looked up. I turned away from the object going down toward ground and I jumped over the hill-I suppose because I did not hear the roar. I was scared of the roar, and I had planned to do continue running down the hill. I turned around toward the object and at the same time this put my head toward the ground, covering my face with my arms. Being that there was no roar, I looked up. I could see the object going away from me, getting smaller and smaller. This was all within 5 or 6 seconds, maybe less. There was no sound or flame at any time, and the whine lasted maybe 5 seconds or there was complete silence about the object. As it went up, when it reached up by 1,500 to 2,000 feet, it appeared to be in straight line, then the dynamic almost back by about three feet. Object was traveling very fast. It seemed to take up, and fade off immediately in distance.