There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image contains only text describing a UFO sighting report.

OCR output:

Immediately after he had this experience in the Sears parking lot, he made rough pencil notes and later made some extensive rework of which he included in the letter. The time he stated was 19:13 but this was 2 time. It was actually 19:12 p.m. Eastern Daylight Saving time under very good conditions of visibility.

Here are some items:

The 1st item was completely straight. It did pass behind cumulus clouds but did not leave a contrail. At about the same time, there was a contrail that was left by a high-flying plane. There was no noise and no trail whatever.

At the same time this was event, however, he decided it couldn't be a plane because it passed behind a cumulus cloud. Further, he couldn't see any wings or stabilizers as it came from, and the object wasn't flipping as it would in a thermal. He thought he could see an edge to the object which was not blurry. It seemed to be a demarcation between top and bottom. When asked what he would have put in to show its size comparable to other objects, he said he would have put in a pencil or a pencil. He said there would be no bumps on it at all. He has no idea at all of what it might have been. He said that it was an astronomical in nature, it should have been in a turn because of its cocked position, but it flew in a completely straight line. He tried maneuvering it as a spacecraft plane but could not. The hind end was just about the same shape as the front--a perfectly good oval. The looked for a solid, colorful, unusual object. He looked for control surfaces on it, but saw no movement or anything that would indicate them.

He saw three twin-engine Fairchilds. He saw transports coming in towards Hanscom and the height separates shots afterwards but no sound from this object. He did not observe through a window but we leaned out of the car to get the transports too his son.

As far as color is concerned, he said the object was exactly the color of a patrolled surface cumulus clouds. He put the cumulus at between 2500 and 8000 feet. Although he realizes he cannot tell distances very well, he put the diameter was fifteen to twenty feet in diameter. As far as apparent size was concerned, it was one-eighth the size of the full moon. In appearance, the object appears a very thin ellipsoid with a major to minor diameter ratio of approximately 3.5 to 1.

He is naturally curious as to what the object might have been and wonders whether it could at this late date check radiantly. I quizzed him about the 1000 to 3000 seconds of arc per second, and he admitted that this was a gross miscalculation since that could give only about two degrees for the total duration of the sighting, and this is entirely out of the question. He said this occurred to him at the time he was making the sighting, but it did not live with the fact.

So we have another unidentified that falls in the general pattern of rapidly flying discs in straight trajectories. Bearing the characteristics of the observation, consider: