There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, providing details about a reported UFO sighting in Socorro, New Mexico on April 24, 1964.

Information Only (No Case)
Source: FTD
Socorro: MORE FROM NEW MEXICO
Socorro .. A Defense -Chief tain (newspaper of the town) carried these details of the Zamora sighting (April 24, 1964). 
They were on top of this story almost immediately and the follow-up they made was excellent.
He first saw the object from 150 yards. As he drove towards the top of the hill, Zamora said one or two persons at the UFO site saw him. The two persons appeared to be dressed in white coveralls, and at that distance, Zamora said they appeared to be approaching him. The did not take notice of him as he approached.
Zamora continued driving up the hill to get a closer look. 
When he stopped the car on top of the Mesa and directly opposite the place where the UFO had landed, he saw it again, but this time about 50-75 yards away and lower on the hill itself. It seemed about 15-20 feet in diameter and about 7-8 feet high. He saw flames, and dust was flying around the object, but no noise was heard, thinking the object was about to explode. He stopped driving towards it when he saw the flames. 
When the observation occurred, he raised his head and saw the object rise straight up 20 feet. As it rose, the roar changed to a whine and dulled.
Zamora maintained this altitude and moved in a straight line for about 2 miles. Then the UFO gained altitude very rapidly, and soon became a speck in the sky, and disappeared. Four marks in the dirt, about 3-5 more feet, were found where the object had been.
The two legs were probably 2-1/2 to 3 long. On the west side, there was a 12-foot landing hole, on the east the dirt was in a mound 6-7 or more feet. Two round impressions were 4 and 5 inches in diameter respectively.
The newspaper carried a picture taken of the site on the very next day (April 25). The evidence was positively destroyed by the curious, who came in great numbers.
The newsman and APRO were there soon after and reported the incident the same day (April 25). Pictures of the impressions were taken and shown in Paris.
Dr. J. Allen Hynek, who visited the site with Zamora, said the object had not been played with but no one's fault, but other witnesses did not agree since J feel that once a sanding object lands it should have been protected.