There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document, likely a Project Blue Book report, discussing a UFO sighting.

Second Sighting - Questions Answered in Order

1. See attached sketch. As the lights proceeded on a southerly course (again no sound at all), object No. 2 in sketch peeled off towards the east and seemed to descend and went behind a building in which I would have taken them almost over the Air Force Base located there.
2. Very bright bluish-white.
3. They moved as though in formation approximately 4,000 ft. high.
4. About the same intensity except for the bluish color.
5. They were similar except much larger.
6. Answered in #1.
7. No beam, just as a light bulb except much brighter.
8. Due to the comparison with the horizon and the angle that I saw them, I would say they were 5 thousand feet high moving at 350 MPH.
9. Conditions were clear - the moon was not visible to me at the time.

Final Questions Asked:
1. I was with my son-in-law at the time. We also were talking to his neighbors who saw the object before we did. They were an Air Force Sergeant and his Mother.
2. My son says he has heard and talked to several who saw the same thing.
3. Being a private pilot myself and having seen other UFO's several years ago, I probably watch the skies for any phenomena. I had a clear view of the objects in question, was not excited and with the first object could not be duplicated with a flare or anything else I know of. But the third object may have been a plane that could not be duplicated with a flare in the air especially at night. A blimp could not do this. The question remains what were these objects? Also, I believe from what I have read and what I myself have seen over the past years that these objects are from some other planet. The only thing is that I can't understand is that they made no sound. Why??? I am not worried about what people think, as they thought Fulton was a nut, but the steamboat did not do too bad. We also have a few objects in space that may puzzle the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the same ones who puzzled the