There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing text describing various UFO sightings and reports.

THE UNITED STATES AIR
FORCE CHANGES ITS TUNE
A remarkable admission

READERS of the London Evening Standard on April 30 must have been surprised to read: 'There's no threat, U.S. verdict.' Even those who word quite confident that the saucers had been regarded as a serious menace by the American military, paused momentarily. If they then read the report that followed they found even more reason to be astonished.

'The United States air force says it has investigated sightings of more than 6,000 unidentified objects but found no evidence that they represent a threat to U.S. security.'

The report goes on to say that 85% of the sightings failed to turn up any evidence that 'UFOs' are alien interplanetary space vehicles under some form of intelligent control.

'This report was given as the Air Force looked into sightings in the area of Socorro, New Mexico.'

Silence of the Air Force's leading civilian consultants on UFOs has gone to Socorro, New Mexico, to investigate the latest reports.'

The latest report from Dr. J. Allen Hynek, "Scientist Astrophysicist" and Consultant to the U.S. Air Force, discloses that of the 6,128 reported cases, many remain "unidentified."

So the average has risen.
The first admission that must be put is why it was though necessary to return to a subject that might have been thought to have been killed by the earlier ridicule and misrepresentation by the authorities.

The fighting details that follow probably explain why: it was necessary  to make this report at this time, because of the facts which have been gathered during recent years and the way in which the U.S. Air Force has admitted to a total of more than 6,000 sightings in 16 years, they are now saying that they are having trouble with the evidence, "Knowing the methods of the Air Force on both sides of the Atlantic this is a remarkably high figure, for the 600 sightings must have been truly sensational to have withstood the weather balloons, seagulls and other more mundane explanations.

The fighting details that follow probably explain why it was necessary to issue this report at this time, because of the facts which have been gathered during recent years and the way in which the U.S. Air Force has admitted to a total of more than 6,000 sightings in 16 years, they are now saying that they are having trouble with the evidence. 

Knowing the methods of the Air Force on both sides of the Atlantic, this is a remarkably high figure, for the 600 sightings must have been truly sensational to have withstood the weather balloons, seagulls and other more mundane explanations.

The fighting details that follow probably explain why it was necessary to issue this report at this time, because of the facts which have been gathered during recent years and the way in which the U.S. Air Force has admitted to a total of more than 6,000 sightings in 16 years, they are now saying that they are having trouble with the evidence.