The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a newspaper or magazine article titled "Some Believe, Some Doubt UFO Story" by Dallas M. Kernes.

Text Extracted from the Document:

Some Believe, Some Doubt

UFO Story

By Dallas M. Rernes
Times-Dispatch News Service
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 -For three days before Christmas, skeptics and believers in unidentified flying objects
had it out here in a controversy that threatened to rival the Christmas controversy itself.

It all started when Gerald Hickman, a California mining engineer, told a press conference that he had sighted a
circular, flashing object hovering over the field at Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico on Dec. 16.
The Air Force said this was "absolute nonsense" and that nothing had been picked up on its radar screens.
Shortly after, Gordon Cooper, an astronaut who is on the list of Gemini-Titan and Apollo space flight crews, lent credence
to Hickman's story by reporting that while a pilot in the U.S. Air Force he had sighted a UFO in flight.

Then the controversy began in earnest. Believers quoted other cases to back up the Hickman and Cooper reports.
Skeptics questioned the credibility of the witnesses and pointed to inconsistencies in the reports.

Until Sergeant Moody files special report, it's routine or normal. If it was routine & identified, it's not routine. If it was not routine & not identified, it's not routine.

Some said the reason Hickman's sighting was not picked up on radar was because the object was under radar level.

Others argued the object could have been a weather balloon or another type of aircraft.

This controversy was not resolved by the exchange of word-for-word statements. Like most controversies involving UFOs, neither side was willing to give an inch.

It is very possible that another sighting, perhaps one far ahead of us enabling us to travel across interstellar space, may be "explained away" as a weather balloon or some other commonplace object.

Major Keyhoe is main contention that the evidence he has accumulated leads to the conclusion that UFOs represent vehicles under intelligent control from outside this earth.

To date, no unidentified flying object has ever been explained satisfactorily, Major Keyhoe says. There is nothing in the Air Force files, he contends, that would enable scientists to explain any of the hundreds of cases on record in a manner that would convince ufologists that these were not intelligently controlled vehicles from some other world.

Regardless of what the future may hold for the problem of UFOs, there is no doubt that reports of these objects which presently are accidental remain one of the world's great mysteries.