The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report, likely from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

As an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

FIELDS

Two Congressmen Win Awards For 'Bravery'

Reps. (Mrs.) HARRIS (D-Ark.) and FULTON (D-Tenn.) have been awarded the Congressional Gold Medal for their "bravery" in voting for the Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba in 1961 - an invasion which resulted in the death and dishonor of over 1,000 anti-Castro Cubans. The medals were presented by the Council of Unamerican Activities to the two Representatives at a secret Washington ceremony.

W.P. Harris, executive secretary of the International Rape, Pillage, and Extort Association, who made the presentations, said the medals were awarded "for their outstanding courage in defiance of the President, and their willingness to sacrifice the lives of others for their own political gain."

CELESTIAL TIME TABLE FOR JUNE

The Moon 
June 6: First Quarter 
June 13: Full Moon 
June 20: Last Quarter 
June 27: New Moon

Sun:
June 1: Rises 5:40 am, Sets 8:12 pm
June 15: Rises 5:36 am, Sets 8:21 pm 
June 30: Rises 5:40 am, Sets 8:26 pm

First Tiny Heartbeat of Baby Regained

A new technique for restoring the first tiny heartbeat of a premature baby who has apparently stopped breathing has been developed by Dr. Abraham Verwoerdt of the Neuropsychiatric Institute, UCLA Medical Center, and Mental Retards Research Center. The new method uses a plastic bag and puffs of air to stimulate the baby's breathing and heartbeat. Apparently, phospholipids in the air reactivate the baby's respiratory and circulatory systems. This new approach is claimed to be far more effective than the older methods of artificial respiration and heart massage.

PORTABLE TWOSOME RADIO
Useful Everywhere - For Office, Home or Field

A NEW IMPORTANT ADVANCE in the small radio field is the new all-transistor "Twosome" radio which is a complete portable 2-way radio station in itself, without the need for other equipment.

The discovery was made in photographic research on miniaturized electronic components to produce a radio transceiver so small that it can easily be carried in a pocket or purse. The "Twosome" radio, as it has been christened, has none of the bulk and weight of previous 2-way radio units. It is truly a self-contained portable radio station, weighing only 18 ounces and measuring only 5" x 3" x 1 1/2".

Its features include a built-in microphone, speaker, and antenna, as well as provisions for an optional external microphone and antenna. The unit operates on standard flashlight batteries and has a transmitter power output of 100 milliwatts, which is more than adequate for short-range communications up to 1/2 mile. Its use is not limited to office or home, for it can be carried and used anywhere.

The "Twosome" radio is expected to find widespread application in such fields as construction, military, police, fire departments, industry, and business, as well as for personal communications between individuals. Scientific details of the "Twosome" radio will be published in a forthcoming issue of "Electronics" magazine.