The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with handwritten and typed text.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

report to uscaf
landed in hows shoos for hals an hour, although I had urged them, on
their long-distance call from ohio, to come prepared with galoshes.
Also regarding their report, the engineers (casaer took and funk, said to report for counter work).
had instructed all to the contrary. apparently they failed to understand they were not in their laboratory but during field activities.
however, sergeant bodily mentions h claims for subsistence, travel orders, etc. and complains about his expenses, claims for subsistence, travel orders, etc. and complains about his experiences.
however, sergeant bodily mentions h claims for subsistence, travel orders, etc. and complains about his expenses.
the january 17 issue of look does not quote from the article, but he can hardly have understood the following, to wit:
nine days after burns said he saw the 80 to 90-foot object, german took a 90-foot object, german took a drastically high reading of radiation. german got a "tremendously high reading" of radiation, and his film badge showed the highest exposure on record since the incident.
engineer at waynesboro's dupont plant german was
ing the fission of atoms all the way to the 2.45 level, said col. who
has "seen them split uranium atoms."
"it was a hell of a thing," cook said. "we spent 45 minutes in the
on our watches even went over a small hill from the field, but
this reading was a tremendously increased." the only thing I can say
is that it was not (radioactive).
another curious point appears near the bottom of page 2
as follows: "this refers again to the air force reports:
stems had not been depressed or broken over any large area.
had indication that it might have been caused by any aircraft."
how could they make such a statement, when the facts are that the
meadows of good quality were broken and shriveled, many weeds
broken down, as in the field anywhere, so to be depressed or broken
down as noncompressible material. that they did not know, depended on a close examination more than a physical
this photograph, widely published, taken by mr. kersey of sergeant bodily and sergeant kennedy, evidently proves
again, on page 3 of their report they refer twice to the reading
had indicated the object counted some 20,000 counts per
minute, which is correct, but later this is equated with "50,000 milligauss on
the geiger counter." (mote this equatIon in the following statement:) 
to the basis of this misinformation) that such radioactive strength deposited on the area (as mentioned) could well have caused immediate fatally to an animal caught 
says-"there is no alternative but to disregard this geiger counter
readings taken by 3d a-e (combat) airmen, which is their familiar 
technique, as not pertaining to the most pertinent fact in the alleged landing was the geiger counter reading taken by Dr. Germann."