The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing text describing observations related to a reported UFO incident.

Subsequent to their observation they had received numerous telephone calls from residents in the area who had observed the same or a similar object. This included a child who observed the object and became somewhat upset, reportedly requesting parental assistance at the Grand Medical Center.

Mrs. A also stated that she had a child a few months old at the time of the occurrence and Mr. A indicated that this did not disturb the sleeping child. Also, Mrs. A is said to be of the opinion that the noise made by the object or objects was not enough to disturb the sleeping child.

Following the interview with Mr. and Mrs. A, Sgt Moody and Bill Grant proceeded to the Delta Township Fire Barn Station at Canal and Clinton, where they interviewed persons who were at the fire station during the early morning of March 20, 1964. An officer named Fitch stated that he was awakened by a high pitch shrill hum. He looked out the window and observed a bright light hovering about 30-40 feet above the trees. A bright light about 50 feet in diameter. The light went out and proceeded east following a short period during which the light pulsated intermittently. This object was observed by members of the fire department and in their opinion the light was sufficiently bright for him to see the ground across the road. From the station, the object was observed until it disappeared. It also reported that several people in the area had talked with him about having the noise and had complained about the noises causing their dogs.

SIGHTINGS OF LINDA CAMPBELL AND BONNIE BANCROFT

Following the interview with Mr. and Mrs. A, Sgt Moody and Bill Grant proceeded to the Delta Township Fire Barn Station at Canal and Clinton, where they interviewed persons who were at the fire station during the early morning of March 20, 1964.