The image appears to be a newspaper article or report describing an incident where a "meteorite" allegedly gave a city boy "once in a lifetime show". The article discusses how the meteorite supposedly hit the boy's car, creating a shower of sparks, and how the boy later found that a small piece of the meteorite had survived. The article also mentions that the boy was able to make some money by sharing his experience with others.

Meteorite Gave City Boy 
Once In A Lifetime Show
By FRANK LEE
Preliminary findings on the strange meteorite which reportedly struck a city boy in his car last Friday night, near Oklahoma City, indicate the boy may have been able to make some money out of his experience.
The strange incident involving the 17-year-old Rick Barnes: 3020 SW 41, witnessed an extremely high speed object hit his car last Friday night, around midnight.
Next he saw a shower of sparks all around and, according to Dark Johnson of the Dark Johnson Meteorological Society, Barnes had been struck by a meteorite.
Barnes, though it hit the rear of his car, did not see the meteorite. The force of the object, however, caused extensive damage to the right rear fender and rear quarter panel.
Saturday morning, Barnes was out searching the area and found what he believes to be fragments of the meteorite. He found several small pieces in the immediate area of the point of impact.
Johnson said he has analyzed the small fragments of the metallic object and finds it to be a nickel-iron meteorite. This type of meteorite is very high in nickel content and is extremely rare. The meteorite he examined was a "stony" type, meaning it had a very high nickel content.
Others are composed of silicates and other types of metallic content which gives the "stony" meteorite a different appearance.
The "stony" type, which is what Barnes found, is most likely of silficate (silicon) with other metallic content of aluminum, magnesium, etc. This type is what Johnson calls the "star dust" variety and have a meteorite a "showery" type, meaning it can break up in the atmosphere and fall in multiple fragments.
Johnson said Rick had a most unusual experience that "only happens once in a lifetime." He was able to find and keep fragments of the meteorite for his method of scientific analysis.