The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed page from an old Project Blue Book document.

Text from the document:

A street which appears on the list of complainants ( not in chronological order) from Wednesday night, and which should be checked as possibly involving different report from the "model" reports.

Saturday afternoon the final call before making this report was received from Sgt Costopolos, of the Michigan State Police, in response to my request for any additional information that might arise. He reported that a Mrs. \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, 1234 South Street, Lansing, heard on the night of the 20th a very strange "whirring" sound from her back yard, at 9:00 or 9:15 PM. She saw nothing, but found a burned area in her yard, about 10 feet by 4 or 5 feet in dimensions. Leaves lying on the ground were disturbed, but the ground underneath was not. She has saved samples of the leaves, and is willing to be interviewed, she reported, until other reports were publicized. Her husband say what she saw, he heard the noise.

This brief report actually represents only a small portion of the reports that were received and logged at the police departments in the area. All police agencies appear willing to cooperate, and individuals seem to show a healthy mixture of interest and skepticism. My impression is that a more detailed reading of the logs together with examination of records of emergency-car movements will eliminate the bulk of reports concerned with noises only, but that other events appear to have occurred which require more detailed investigation and probably will call for several different explanations.

There follows a list of some of the persons who made reports; this is a very abbreviated list, and is given only for the purpose of aiding identification of the proper logs, reports or proper individuals with whom to communicate.

MARION, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT: 317 - NO 8-8131
Tom Dennis, Chief 
Richard Harrigan, Asst. Chief

KOKOMO, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT (SHERIFF'S POLICE): 317-CI, 2-2444
HARTFORD CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT 317 - 348-3730
Officer Robert Kearney, Sgt, Chief