There is no photograph present in this document. However, the text of the document has been provided, and I will output it as follows:

Center hole was very controlled and was confined to the hole. If an explosive was used to make the hole, it was highly directional blast. There were no burn marks anywhere in the area from the blast. The laboratory results indicate that no chemicals used in making a direction. Careful analysis of the type needed to produce the blast and disturbance of the soil indicate that the soil around the hole contains chemicals and explosives were not used. We did not, however, get positive and definitive proof of an explosion. We can deduce tests on soil samples that the area was saturated with inorganic material. A concentration of nitrates in the soil would indicate the use of chemical explosives.

Five soil samples were taken at the site of the UFO landing in Glassboro, New Jersey. The soil is typical of sand. Tests with addition of some material indicating a magnetic anomaly. The soil is in three layers; the first and uppermost is black with a great deal of organic material in it and is approximately 1.5 inches in depth, the second is gray with some carbon material and appears to be approximately 1.5 inches in depth; the third layer is brown/orange in color and its depth was not determined, but was at least 20 inches. All soil is silty and (parts) with plain "dirt".

The original soil samples obtained from the Central hole (main hole) from Fig. 1, as in the other test holes, a test was performed on this sample, as well as to determine the presence of nitrates, if any, the "known ring" test was conducted. This test showed only a slight reaction, indicative, but not conclusive, of the presence of nitrates. Additional tests also showed slight traces of nitrates and another sample was taken. This same sample showed only a faint trace of nitrates and the reported landing was not considered significant. It is felt that these tests are accurate.