The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a detailed textual description of an incident that occurred on May 25, 1964 in the Lansing, Michigan area.

EXTRACT FROM HILL POWER'S REPORT ON TRIP TO LANSING

DeLa County Police Department (located on Highway 127, south of Lansing and Grand Ledge) was awakened by a loud roaring noise, which sounded very close and did not seem to be moving away. He looked out his bedroom window, and saw the front yard and fireplace lit up as "bright as day". The Chief jumped into his pants (just a few seconds required, he explained, owing to his agility), and went down to the fire engine garage and out the door. He had shone the light down the driveway, but no source could be seen.

Then he looked up, and saw a blinding white light-source, larger in diameter than a searchlight, definitely not a point source or a small headlight-sized object. The light came from this object, which was illuminating a circular area on the ground surrounding it, across the highway into the fields, with a radius estimated by the Chief (and checked by illuminated landmarks) of 200 feet. The Chief, being extremely, explained that the object saw nothing further - he looked away - he is susceptible to night-blindness; the light turned off almost immediately after he saw it, and he could see nothing for a considerable time afterwards.

All during the experience, the police radio in the police car was broadcasting its normal signals - there seemed to move straight up and then on to the east toward Lansing, just about directly down the highway. The Chief had difficulty describing his emotions - he kept saying that it had been extremely loud, and that he had never heard anything like it before, not even an aircraft sound, jet or helicopter. The light was on for three or four minutes. Chief is judgment checked out), altogether, and was described as being of very adequate intensity to make the surroundings quite as bright as day, at it has made the Chief stagger back, he did not feel any noise.