The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

RECENT NEWS

THE SIGHTING OF SEPTEMBER 4th, is glowing object in the sky was seen over Glassboro, N.J., on September 4, 1964, according to a report received by the information office, United States Air Force, Westover Air Force Base, Mass.

According to the report, the object was first sighted about 9:50 p.m. in the general direction of Glassboro, N.J., and was observed for approximately five minutes. The object was described as a glowing object, larger than a star, and moving in a northeasterly direction.

The report was called in to the local police, who in turn notified the military authorities. Major Ward Campbell, Jr. contacted the local police, who in turn were told that the object had apparently disappeared from view at about 10:00 p.m. No other details were given in the report.

The site was visited by an Air Force officer the next day who interviewed the witnesses. His findings follow:

The most accurate description of the landing spot was supplied exclusively to the undersigned officer. The landing spot was claimed to have been positively identified from the natural foliage markings left on the ground. The indentation left on the ground measured aproximately ten feet in diameter and it was apparent on grass 20 feet from the spot. The grass in the center of the indentation was broken down, and dirt beneath the surface was somewhat disturbed.

On the sides of the indentation, a straw-like weed was noticeable broken and appeared to have been pushed down, not pulled up. Within a diameter of 25 feet from the center of the indentation, there were a number of markings or impressions that were clearly visible on the ground.

These markings or impressions consisted of four flat impressions, roughly triangular in shape, and from 18-24 inches in width. The impressions were spaced approximately 6 to 8 feet apart, symmetrically arranged around the center. Each of these impressions showed signs of the same type of vegetation disturbance as was found in the center indentation.

In addition, there were a number of smaller, circular impressions, from 6 to 8 inches in diameter, located between the larger triangular impressions, and interspersed radially around the center.

There was no evidence of scorching or burning of the vegetation, and the disturbed areas showed no signs of heat or fire. The soil beneath the topsoil was not disturbed below a depth of approximately 1 to 2 inches.

The report also states that the military authorities had no other information on this matter.