The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document detailing a sighting that occurred in the Lansing, Michigan area.

Text from the document:

Sighting. Early Friday morning, 22 May 1964, at about 0:30 to 0:33, Mr. and Mrs. ****, Res. 1, Eagle, Michigan (7 miles north of Grand Ledge), Michigan, on ***** Caller Road) were awakened by a noise coming from the surrounding shrubbery around their house. Both were in bed in the northwest second-floor bedroom of their home. They went to the window and looked out across a field to the west of the house. They saw an object pass by at close range, apparently about 15 feet above the ground. It was oblong in shape, like an egg, and was glowing a dull orange-red color. It passed by at an elevation of about 3 degrees. By several experimental approaches, the apparent size of the object was estimated at about three times that of the full moon, which was visible in the case of the full moon being exaggerated to about 6 inches at arm's length. (This individual did not see the object but she heard the noise it made. This noise nearly defied description; it was described as a sort of roary, but not like a jet; it was a low rumbling noise, almost a vibration, which this investigator undoubtedly heard in the wake of the object by the tires of a Diesel truck when one is following close behind at a high speed, rather than the sound of a Diesel engine. The general impression, which was quite accurate, was of a loud rumbling noise which had been superimposed. The noise was described as very loud.

Perhaps a fifty feet more than about three hundred feet cut out in the west field, perhaps fifty feet more than that from the bedroom window, and said that the object apparently passed by at about that distance. He estimated its speed at seventy miles per hour. From the bedroom window, the object would have been seen at an elevation of about thirty degrees, and it appeared to move to the house, one on each side of the window, but not directly in front of it. At the distance estimated, and at a speed of 103 feet per second, the time of visibility would be approximately 1.5 seconds. This would correspond to a distance of about six seconds obtained from a re-enactment. If the six seconds is taken as the proper time interval, then the object was travelling at an angular rate of 3 degrees per second. At the distance of the tripline pole, which would correspond to a linear velocity of about 40 miles per hour. At the distance estimated at 600 feet away, the angular rate would correspond to 8 degrees per second.