There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book report, discussing observations and analysis related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) incident.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek February 14, 1965
What reason is there to accept the charred bushes as relevant to the sighting, and the charred cardboard as not relevant? All this seems pertitive is whether humans being had been in the area, and that their activities (picnic? visiting the shack?) had involved the use of fire, and could have caused the charred bush and cardboard. If the charring was connected with the UFO (the fire might have cooled in 3 to 5 minutes) then probably the cardboard was in some way connected with the UFO, and that certainly indicates human activity.
How big and what shape were the cardboard? Maybe it played a significant role in the reported UFO incident. Did it, for example, seem to support part of the aluminum foil (?) that was there near the shack, or indentations caused by paper clips or the like?
The evidence appears to point to some marks in the soil seeming crushed, since we have to believe the descriptions are vague... The descriptions don't say what distinguishes normal vegetation crushed or pressed but not scorched. Measurements would probably be necessary to verify whether the impressions were mere vegetation, or reproduced the footprints or body shapes. It might seem pertinent to know if such impressions were near enough to the shack to have been made by persons visiting it, or more likely, by the object itself landing.
Apparently all chemical trace evidence of the four main identifications were unfortunately destroyed but for some reason unblieved of critical importance. It is clearly of interest to know what these were and why they were thought important at the time.
We come back to the opening say where would the whole business. We certainly would like to know whether this sighting was of a gruff type, who enjoyed giving out tickets. It seems entirely reasonable that he might have made some of the local passers-by, who themselves might reasonably have felt a mite resentful at the local constabulary. We know enough of human nature to want more facts here.