There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a page of text from what seems to be an old UFO report document.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image:

have it analyzed and found it radioactive!  I have also obtained some of the sap which I shall send to you, and maybe Moody can try it out on his super-duper counter.  It is odd that no one seemed to have bothered to have checked this area originally for radiation.  Or did they?
Menzel's idea that the spe
ed was a deliberate decoy, who signaled to the hoaxes by walkie-talkie who then released a balloon with a cardboard or aluminum flying saucer attached thereto simply does not hold water.
Although some of the students do have walkie-talkies, the fact of the matter is that the wind was from the south, and the object went west.  A balloon released at that time would have gone directly over town. Furthermore, they would have had to release the object Zamora got there and watched the object on the ground for a short time.  A previous release would simply have had it well over town by the time Zamora got to the spot.
The dynamite shack does not have legs.  It would have been a place for hoaxes to have hidden over on the other side of the knoll, particularly had they lain prone.
One of the people I talked with gave some credence to the hoax hypothesis, generally considering it to have been far above the capabilities and motivations, and provocations of the hoaxers.  Chaves says that Zamora never described the thing as looking like a balloon.  Zamora knows exactly where the dynamite shack is.  It is plainly visible from the site of the sighting, but about 500 feet to the west.
Zamora does not have any particular schedule for patrolling the town.  He runs of the whole town.
There is no UFO club in town.
No paraphernalia of a hoax were ever found.  It would be rather hard to have done away with all tell-tale evidence, such as tubes of helium, release mechanisms, and so forth.