EXTRACT FROM SGT MOODY'S TRIP REPORT TO LANSING, MICHIGAN AREA

It was learned that the FAA in Lansing turned over control of flight operations to Detroit center on the night of 22 May between 0200 and 0300 for a classified military operation. Roger Snowbarger was the tower operator. Sgt Moody went to interview Mr Snowbarger the following afternoon at 1500 when he came on duty.

Local weather data was obtained for 13 June and used in the [illegible] sighting.

Discussion with the tower operators James Mackey on UFO's and the sightings in the area revealed that many calls are received by the tower operator. The operator usually explains the observation to a caller in terms of a known aircraft, weather balloon or one of the stars or planets. The tower at Capitol City Airport has an unobstructed view of the entire area.

At 0200 on 13 Jun 64 Sgt Moody returned to the motel.

On the morning of 13 Jun 64, Sgt Moody proceeded from East Lansing, Michigan to the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor and contacted Sgt Larson of the AFROTC. Sgt Larson directed Sgt Moody to the University of Michigan facility at Willow Run Airport. Mr G H Suits at Bldg 204L was contacted at 1215 a.m. Mrs Suits was in charge of infra-red photo activities and referred Sgt Moody to the hanger where Michigan University operational a/c or these flights were located. Mr [illegible] was the person to be contacted and interviewed. Prior to proceeding to the hanger Mr Suits indicated that Conductron Corporation at the Ann Arbor Airport was also engaged in photo activity. Mr Lee Ryans at this corporation was contacted by telephone and he indicated that Conductron Corp had no flights in the Lansing area during the 20-25 May period. Mr Suits also indicated that Lear Inc was also engaged in photo activity. This address, 2330 Washington Avenue, Phone 665-0525 (Mr Horder) was contacted by telephone and he indicated that his company had three such projects under current operation; one in Puerto Rico, one in Florida, and one in Mississippi. None of the Lear Inc a/c were operating in the Michigan area and the last flight in Michigan was in January. He indicated that Frank Lodge of Pontiac, Michigan, phone 373-6423 or 332-0159 in Pontiac was the pilot of the a/c engaged by his company for the January operation. He stated that it was possible that Mr Lodge could have been flying infra-red photo missions for some other individual.

From Mr Suits office Sgt Moody went to the hanger and contacted McCarndal. On the night of 20 May, two USGA Beaver a/c made flights from 0050 to 0150 EST and 0305 to 0405 EST. These a/c had a red beacon on top burning at all times. These a/c had standard a/c lights. During operation the pilots occasionally turn on the landing lights especially during turns. The a/c are equipped with Solar a/c turbines which provides AC and DC electricity for the research equipment. The University of Michigan also