The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report about a UFO sighting incident that occurred near Canyon Ferry Lake in Montana on April 30th, 1964.

The text in the document is as follows:

MONTANA UFO LANDING CALLED HOAX BY AIR FORCE! At Canyon Ferry Lake, near Helena, Montana, another "flying saucer" incident in the recent U.S. "flap" occurred on April 30th, when numerous residents reported seeing a strange, bright object hover above the ground and then take off. When adults reached the scene a short time later, they found four indentations in the ground about 13 feet apart in a square pattern. Each hole was six to eight inches in diameter, and they were tapered toward the bottom as though made by a sharp-pointed object. The holes were also surrounded by a scorched area about four feet in diameter, indicating that extreme heat had been present.

Officials from nearby Malmstrom Air Force Base took over the investigation of the site and questioned the children, but a later report was issued that the explanation failed to satisfy the parents of the four youngsters nor the majority of the other residents. Many of whom had made confirmatory sightings of an object in the sky. As bright "as an arc light set up on a hill," it seems to have disappeared in view of the amazing similarity to the New Mexico landings, that officials dismissed this case all too quickly!

Wyoming Reports Sightings
New Mexico's "flying saucer" incidents seem to have spread northward.
Latest reports of weird objects floating around in great glee today from Wyoming and Montana in the high Rockies. This is the area where many believe "they" are basing their spacecrafts...where many have been sighted and tracked by ranchers and farmers over the years. Two women in a car on a ranch near Casper, Wyoming, said there was a huge flash of light and their car engine stopped. Mrs. Max De Weese, didn't see the object, but said there was a strange bright light in the car. J. later after taking the other two women home, the engine restarted.

RESIDENTS of the resort area near Helena said they saw a strange bright object hover just above the west shore of the lake, touch the ground, lift again and then disappear. Newsmen who went to the scene found four holes in the ground which looked as though some heavy object had been placed there. There was a burned area in the center of the holes.