The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document discussing the examination of "greenish objects" and "samples of earth and grass" under microscopic and infrared absorption methods. The text provides details about the observations and conclusions drawn from these analyses, which were discussed with plastic and petroleum specialists. The document mentions photomacrographs were taken of the examined material, but no actual photographs are included in this particular page.

EXAMINATION OF SAMPLES

The greenish object and the samples of earth and grass which surrounded it were examined microscopically and analyzed by emission spectrographs and infrared absorption methods. The data for these analyses and observations are given in this report. The objects and the results have been discussed with plastic and petroleum specialists and our observations and conclusions are included in the latter part of this report.

EXPERIMENTAL
Microscopic and Visual Examinations

Examinations of the greenish object visually and microscopically revealed that probably it had been charred and distorted by having been heated to a molten state. One side was covered with sand and plant detritus; the latter appeared to be mostly grass roots. This side appeared to be mostly grass roots. This side also displayed some partially exposed embedded cloth. The other side was primarily greenish-plastic in appearance. Emphasis, in the microscopic examination, was placed on the identification of the charred material. This appeared to be an unusual finding. It was found to be a cotton cloth having a chain-like weft type welit. Photomicrographs were taken of: (1) the cloth in the plastic; (2) three lines of the knit removed from the cloth embedded in the plastic; and (3) fibers from a thread of the cloth. These are included as Figures 1, 2, and 3, respectively.

A specimen of the dirt, collected from the reported 8-inch diameter core accompanying the greenish-colored, was prepared by mineralogical polishing techniques for examination in every and a thin-section was prepared by mineralogical polishing techniques for examination.