The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document discussing a new documentary film on UFOs, titled "Phenomena-Seven Point Seven". The document provides details about the film, including its length, the company that produced it, and some background information on the UFO incident in Socorro, New Mexico that the film covers.

Information Only 
Sources: UFO Investigator, Vol. III, No 2, April-May 65

New Documentary Film

A new 80-minute documentary film on UFOs, entitled "Phenomena-Seven Point Seven", was nearing release date as this issue was closed.  

The moving picture was prepared by Empire Film Studios. The movie is officially explained the title: "Seven Point Seven means the 7.7% of an estimated 5,000 sightings classified as UFOs by the Air Force." (This figure is 663 out of 6,998 cases, which works out as 7.44%.)

One of the main sequences shows the now widely-known case of the Socorro, N.M. highway patrol, sighted an oval-shaped craft near Socorro. When he left his police car for a closer look, the strange machine rose with a tremendous roar and shot out of sight.  

Landing-gear marks and scattered terrain were checked by investigators. Later, Hynek stated he did not doubt Zamora's report, and that the had no explanation. 

Zamora described the encounter to investigators as a "top believability rating" in support of Roger Green's feature article on "Phenomena-Seven Point Seven". Even more surprising, in May Jacks' letter to NICAP member Robert Broach, Hynek suggested the UFO as a "vehicle from outer space".

However, this official admission that the UFO was some kind of vehicle, is a long-and under-stood from those who have investigated the phenomena of UFOs - apparitions, delusions, etc.

For this reason, the new film may have a strong impact. The original Socorro report and wide publicity, but to date it is understood that the producers have been admitting the UFO was a strange vehicle, nature unknown. If it had, this probably would have been a front-page story, focusing serious attention to the object.

Documentary Film - Cont. p. 4 col. 1

Empire Film Studios says the documentary is designed to show that neither hysteria nor publicity causes people to see these strange phenomena. The first showing will be at Socorro, then the film will NICAP local review and report on "Phenomena-Seven Point" as soon as possible.