The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Foreign Technology Division, discussing the evaluation of unidentified aerial phenomena observed in Rivesville, West Virginia on 30 March 1964.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO
REPLY TO: TDFCG/Maj or George Hills/37223/jh
SUBJECT: Evaluation of Unidentified Aerial Phenomena

PROJECT: TWEB (Case - Quintanilla)

On 30 March 1964, personnel from the project were sent to Rivesville, West Virginia to evaluate a sighting of unidentified aerial phenomena, with respect to meteorological phenomena. A sighting of various lights and visual phenomena was reported between 2000 and 2300 hours on that date.

1. There were no unusual meteorological phenomena observed or reported for that area. However, the possibility of a sighting of meteorological phenomena was considered. The conditions at that time were considered normal.

2. The measurements taken at 00002 were subjected to winds from the southwest. A vector analysis which accounts for the balloon's motion between 30 and 39 knots. A vector analysis which accounts for the balloon's motion between 30 and 39 knots.

As a result, while the actual direction as indicated on the balloon was northerly, it is apparent that the actual drift was to the southwest. This hypothesis can be supported by considering the winds in adjacent areas.

3. The lights themselves are estimated to be 1000 feet per minute which by the time of the sighting would place the balloons where most of these most of these observations terminate this hypothesis can be supported by the fact that the balloon developed a direct and substantial shrinkage as it began to lose altitude. It is also noted that this shrinkage was quite rapid and would quickly remove it from the sky. If this was the case on the evening of the sighting, the radiosonde would be quite visible as the balloon began to lose pressure and rapidly descend.

Additionally, there is some other support for this hypothesis. The unidentified wind reports below 30,000 feet showed the variations in direction and distribution that are consistent with differential wind shears that would displace the balloon significantly from its initial northerly course. This combination of factors would not make this hypothesis conclusive.