The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR output:
A-2 THE STATE JOURNAL Thurs., May 21, 1964
Was it Martians?
Odd Sound Linked to Sky Object
BY DICK FRASER
The story went like this:
Mrs. Elizabeth Kolodgy, a living room couch, was awakened by a strange noise Thursday morn-the and she had an unaccountable feeling that something had passed over her house.
Looking out, she saw a glowing object in the sky, silvery, round and disk-like. It seemed to be hovering there, about 600 to 800 feet off the ground. The object, she said, had made a sound akin to the hum of a buzzing bee, but louder.
It was on the city's south side, drifting in the area near few minutes northeast minutes of a Lansing suburban area. And afterward, she said, the humming noise suddenly ceased.
Mrs. Kolodgy's husband, Richard, had heard the noise too, from the upstairs bedroom. He tried to reach the object with a flashlight, but it was gone by the time he got to a window.
Their daughter, Wanda, 10, also was awakened by the noise and saw the object, her mother said.
It was terrible, and it lasted for a mile or so," Mrs. Kolodgy Mrs. said of the strange object and its sound.
Police investigating a similar report from a resident in a suburban area the same morning found nothing unusual.
Callers at the Lansing State Journal told of other odd sounds reported in the city and area during the night.
One, who had just gotten home from work about 4 a.m., said he heard a high-pitched whine in the sky that lasted for about 10 or 15 seconds and then faded out.
Another woman from near Mason said she heard a strange noise that sounded like the hum of a generator or some kind of machinery at about 1:30 a.m.
But one elephant couldn't find the sound. A half dozen persons in at Lansing campus at Eastern Michigan University last Thursday from at least half a the area said they had heard nothing unusual.
Capt. Donald L. Cole of the Ingham County Sheriff's Department said that when he was notified of the sighting, he searched the area thoroughly but found no trace of any unusual object or sound.
"I think it was probably something natural that had a rather odd sound to it," he said, "but we have no explanation for it."
The Air Force's Project Blue Book, which investigates UFO reports, wasn't notified. But it was reported that some citizens believed the object might have been from outer space.