The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed report about a sighting of an unidentified object in Monticello, Wisconsin on April 3, 1964.

The text of the report is as follows:

MONTICELLO, WISCONSIN
3 APRIL 1964

Observers were leaving Monticello and heading westward on County C Road towards the town of Argyle when an incident occurred. They noticed two red blinkers in about the 11 o'clock position from the observers' location. Their first reaction was that an accident had occurred and that there police cars on a hill in the distance. Almost immediately, however, they recognized that the lights were far above the ground for such a conclusion. It turned out to be an object of unknown nature.

As the lights came closer, it apparently slowed down to a hovering position right alongside of the car, but about 20 yards to the left of the road. At this time there were four red lights. The object went behind telephone poles and wires and disappeared.

At no time were the observers able to see any body in the object or any shape throughout the sighting. They related that the lights made them believe that the object was under some type of control, relation-ship throughout the sighting led them to believe that the lights were produced by some physical structure of some kind. A few times they gave the impression that the red lights did reflect dimly off a metallic surface.

The object then passed slightly to the rear at which time the driver started the motor and drove ahead to turn around. The observers chased the object for several miles until it disappeared in the distance. The observers chased the object but the attempt was futile, because the object disappeared into the distance. The total duration of sighting was somewhere between five and fifteen minutes.

COMMENTS
Considering the possibility of some type of aircraft being responsible for the sighting has to be eliminated as none was seen in the sky according to the observers. A helicopter couldn't be responsible for the sighting because the object was much too great to have been a helicopter over one hundred yards away. Also, no landing lights were used, and a helicopter that chose to ground would have landing lights.

Scientific balloons, if they descend nearly to the ground, do not suddenly take off and rise rapidly as so reported by the observers. This tends to discount such a sighting. The weather was reported as being cloudy by the local weather bureau.

With the information available a conclusive explanation is lacking. This factor makes this case unidentified.