The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a newspaper or magazine page with text and an advertisement.

NEWSDIAL
Tuesday, April 28, 1964
Here's a Newsdial special that is well worth stopping and taking a look at. It's a 1963 Rambler American Hardtop. This one is very clean. The price is just $1795!.

Voegtly and Pennzylvania today, but any presidential preferences in other states will have to come through other sources.*

Two Jurors have been tentatively?seated in Chicago for the trial of Teamsters President James Hoffa and seven associates charged with misusing 20 million dollars of union funds.

The nation's cigarette makers have agreed to a new advertising code that would prohibit Archingfavoringarticlesaiming toward the youth of America.

Two Northern Republican senators have called for revisions in the civil rights bill.*

NEW MEXICO NEWS
New Mexico's perennial addiction - flying saucers took another turn this week. The man who started it all, Socorro policeman Lonnie Zamora, says that the noise that woke him up at about 5:50 was the latest report. Was Monday. It came from La Madera, about 50 miles south of Socorro, where a passerby spotted an"aerial object" on the ground near La Madera. A Civil defense guard, James Gavin, says it glowed brightly. When he went to check it out, he told State Police he got within 200 feet of the object which was about 15 feet in diameter and 8 feet high. The object was about 6 feet off the ground near La Madera, a tiny community high in the New Mexico mountains. Zamora reported earlier that he saw an object about 15 to 20 feet in diameter about 2 feet off the ground. When he approached, it accelerated rapidly and left a strong impression in the mud near the spot. Impressions about 10 inches deep were reportedly left by the object. Although Zamora is described as a thorough, capable police officer, many are skeptical of his reported sighting.

The forecast says it should be fair through tonight, a little warmer today and tonight. The predicted high for today is 56 and the low tonight should be near 48.

For a honey of a deal make a beeline to Mitchell Motor Co.