The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned newspaper article with text describing sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the Harrisonburg, Virginia area.

Here is the text from the document:

VIRGINIA SHERIFF WARNS: WATCH UFO'S, JUST DON'T SHOOT AT LITTLE GREEN MEN
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - Augusta County Sheriff John C. Bent says there's nothing to get excited about when Virginians see flying saucers in the skies. Just don't shoot at the little green men. 
"This thing has gotten completely out of hand," says Bent. "People last night at night are reporting unidentified flying objects (UFO) in several parts of the state. And some claim they have seen little Martians (types) wandering around on the ground."
Bent said his office gets calls "almost daily" from Virginians reporting unidentified objects.
"We tell them, 'Just watch them. Don't shoot.'"
Beside, he adds, even if anyone finds one of these green fellows, it's not going to do them any good to know down."
Even the Air Force has gotten into the act. It has discovered any evidence confirming existence of visitors from outer space. 
"Our cases are never closed until they've been positively identified."
Last week a pastor added his name to the growing list of persons reporting sightings. The Rev. H. Preston Holton, pastor of the (Salvation) Church in Harrisonburg, Va., said he watched with a group of people Dec. 23. He reported a high radiation level.
Cadets at the Virginia Military Institute in Lexington, Va. - close to Harrisonburg - also were reported as spotting the lights on several occasions.
And at Staunton last Tuesday night, three boys said they saw-what they described as three tiny, half-foot tall beings on the ground. 
"It looks like some of these stories have been exaggerated," says Bent. "But the little green men we can do without."
The little green man was probably more than half-an-indef tall, whose features and physical characteristics are somewhat more detailed-statistic than five-foot-steigh points.