The image appears to be a scan of a page from a Project Blue Book document. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Meteorite Cave City Boy Once Lifetimes
By FRANK LEE
Projects Manager of APRO
Proponents of the "Meteorite" 
theory regarding the UFO sightings 
of Rick Randle, 14, of Oklahoma City, 
may seem to have the possibility of 
a case, but there are several factors 
which purportedly indicate that The 
"meteorite" was probably nothing 
more than the old "swamp gas" or kin 
to that possibility. 
Just what did Rick see? According 
to his story as told by Dale Johnson, 
a teacher at his school, Rick was in 
front of his home when his attention 
was drawn to a bright object in the 
sky. The object darted here and there, 
suddenly swooping down to within 
an estimated 300 feet of the ground. 
Here it hovered briefly, then shot 
back up into the sky and was gone. 
Next he saw a shower of sparks, 
"like a Roman candle" descending 
to the ground and, according to Rick, 
the object might possibly have been the 
cause. 
Analysis of the incident: It is true 
that meteorites do on occasion pro-
duce a shower of sparks as they enter 
the earth's atmosphere, but the angle 
and behavior of the "object" as de-
scribed do not seem to fit the pat-
tern of a typical meteorite. Meteorites 
usually appear as brilliant, steady 
lights moving in a straight line across 
the sky. They seldom, if ever, hover 
or dart about. The object Rick saw is 
much more likely to have been one of 
the various "Unidentified Flying Ob-
jects" which have been sighted in 
most parts of the world, and in this 
particular area in recent years.
Johnson said Rick has described 
the object as a large, silver, disc-
shaped craft, similar to the "Pan- 
cake" Saucers. The small pieces that 
descended to the ground might have 
been the result of some sort of mal-
function or the craft dropping portions
of itself. Johnson explained that the
material of the craft is often compared
to "stainless steel, aluminum, and 
metal." Another kind consists of "a
black material that looks like plastic
or glass covered with metal." Still
another kind is a "white, glassy 
material with tiny traces of metal."
Johnson said Rick has described
the object as a "very large craft with
very high sides." The small pieces that 
descended to the ground seemed to 
make a soft, slapping sound.
So in summary, while the meteor-
ite theory cannot be ruled out com-
pletely, the preponderance of evidence 
strongly suggests that Rick saw a gen-
uine "Unidentified Flying Object" 
rather than a shower of meteorite
fragments. The craft is not equipped
with a complex analysis by this
writer.