There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report containing only text.

A NIGHT WHEN EXCITEMENT REIGNED
August 17, 1964
On this date, Sgt. Roger Brown and Wayre Merrell of the Ohio State Patrol were on duty in a marked patrol car when they received a radio call concerning a UFO sighting. Patrolman Brown told of the episode. At 3:30 A.M. they were proceeding on Route 35 when they observed what appeared to be a bright, yellowish-orange object hovering in the sky to the north side of the highway. They stopped the patrol car and got out to observe the object, which was about 1,000 feet in the air. It was the size of a basketball, quite bright, and rotating in a clockwise direction. It was stationary for about 5 minutes, then took off at a very high rate of speed toward the east, going out of sight in about 10 seconds. The patrolmen said it seemed to take on a reddish-orange color as it sped away.
Later during their shift, Brown and Merrell spotted the same or a similar object again hovering in the sky. They drove toward it but it took off at a very high rate of speed and left them behind. After observing the object, they reported the sighting by radio.
Michael Garten who was Sgt. Brown's supervisor, joined them at the scene. The Willoughby police chief, A. L. Turner, also came out to see the object, but by then it had disappeared.
The object was described as being approximately the size of a basketball and maneuvering much like a satellite in the sky. It would sometimes appear to stop and hover, then take off at a very high rate of speed. At one point, it seemed to change color from yellowish-orange to reddish-orange.
This spot is on S. R. 44 near the residence at 39000. The radio-dispatched time was 4:30 A.M., and the object was observed for about 15 minutes after first observing it.
Sgt. Merrell returned to where the UFO had been observed, but he found no burned spots or anything else of an unusual nature at the site.
This was not the only sighting of a UFO that night. A while earlier, an unidentified flying object was spotted by two women in a residential area of Willoughby, Ohio. The object was described as being a bright, reddish-orange illumination. It was observed for several minutes before disappearing from sight.