This page does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a text document discussing theories about why UFOs choose certain areas for landing, specifically focusing on the Socorro, New Mexico incident. The text describes the theories of a scientist named Thomas of Los Angeles, a former government scientist who is supposed to be the scientific advisor to Empire Film Studios. The text discusses his theories about the geological features of the Socorro area and how they may attract UFOs, as well as his responses to various scientific questions about gravity, planetary motion, and the speed of light. The text also includes a brief description of a UFO sighting over Socorro by a woman who wished to remain anonymous.

"Scientists Indicates Why UFO's Choose Areas for Landing." One Charles A.
Thomas of Los Angeles,"a former government scientist," is supposed to
be the scientific advisor to Empire Film Studios. His theories as to
why UFO's land in New Mexico lack, shall we say, a scientific solidity
in my opinion as he is not listed in the American Men of Science, and I
have no knowledge of him personally. There was some question as to whether
he should be asked to come to SHRW Socorro to give a public lecture on the
general subject. Unfortunately my advice was asked, and I strongly urged
that they not do so unless they find out considerably more about the
gentleman's qualifications first. His principal reason for selecting
Socorro seems to be the following: "The main one can be directly
attributable to the subsurface geology. I would expect there is
a multiplicity of faults, or areas where sedimentary strata
have been tilted to the vertical with the interlayer demonstrations
plains largely in the north-south direction. The effects such subsurface
deceptions have upon the energy distributions between the earth's core
and the Van Allen radiation belt gives it the key to the answer." He also
states that he has stumbled onto many answers to heretofore unsolvable
riddles: What is gravity? Why do planets orbit and rotate? Why do stars
burn in nuclear fires? Is the speed of light really a velocity boundary?
Can this be built which would do everything people who claim they have seen
flying saucers say that those vehicles do?" I hardly need say more.

The same issue, however, contains a story of about "UFO Sighted Streaking
Over City." "The observer, a Socorro woman who asked that her name be withheld
(I have her name, however, a Mrs. Williams,) said the "perfectly round object"
with deep yellow or gold light traveled at tremendous speed. She saw the object
as it came over Socorro Mountain, and it passed southeast over the city.It did
not seen far above the street light. It was unable to get in touch with this
woman, but according to RSAP, this did not have a trail. It seemed to be
just a light.