The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, consisting primarily of textual information.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

DAYLIGHT MANEUVERS OF UFO
Ashland Heights, Ohio - August 31, 1952 - 6:15 A.M.
Ronald Shaw, a twenty-one-year-old resident of Ashland Heights, Ohio, reported witnessing the following object:

Ronald said that he arose early to mow his yard, and as he was starting to mow, he glanced up and saw a strange object high in the sky traveling in a northeasterly direction at a very high rate of speed. The object was visible for about 20 seconds, during which time it covered a great distance. Ronald described the object as a medium-sized, disc-shaped craft which appeared to be silver in color. He said it was giving off a bright glow as it flew through the sky. There was no noise associated with the object.

After seeing the object, Ronald called his neighbor, Mrs. J. Frick, who also witnessed the object. Mrs. Frick corroborated Ronald's account of the sighting.

SIGHTINGS
Mrs. Di Franco said it was a bright, white disc whose color varied from white to a pale blue-green. The object appeared to be about 50 feet in diameter and 15 to 20 feet thick. It had a slightly domed top and bottom and gave off a glow all around the object. The object was seen for 2 to 3 minutes, as it flew in a straight line at a very high rate of speed.

Mr. Di Franco said the object was oval-shaped, slightly dome-shaped, and appeared to be about 25 feet in diameter. He said the object gave off a bright glow and had a metallic appearance. The object was visible for about 1 to 1 1/2 minutes.

Joseph Seme said the object was shaped like a disc, about 25 to 30 feet in diameter, and was silvery in color. He said it had a slight dome on the top and bottom. The object was observed for approximately 2 to 3 minutes as it flew in a straight line at a high rate of speed.

Editor's Comment:
The sightings as described are very small, the objects appearing very high and distant. It would be difficult to estimate their size and distance accurately under these conditions. The descriptions, however, do tend to corroborate one another in the main details.