The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document about a "box-like object" observed in the sky over Pretoria, South Africa on May 6. The text describes the sighting in detail, including the object's appearance, movement, and the observations made by multiple witnesses. The report states that this sighting was received by various sources and that technicians at the Hartbeeshoek space station near Pretoria do not know what the object is.

SOURCE PAPER: SAUCERS 
Jul-Aug, Volume 10, No. 4
Pretoria, South Africa

Box-like object The Pretoria News of May 6

"A mysterious glowing flying object which has been puzzling residents for the past three weeks, made another appearance over the city last night. This time, powerful binoculars were trained on the object, and residents of Chamberlain Street, Moreletapark, saw that it took the form of a box-like structure surrounded by an orange glow. The object was in view for about 20 minutes, from about 7:30 p.m. to 7:50 p.m. Mrs. J. P. J. van Rensburg and her neighbors saw the object switch from a sub-visual direction to the north-east, where it disappeared from the horizon. 'We saw it stop and then continue,' said Mrs. Van Rensburg, immediately telephoning the Radcliffe Observatory and, although they scanned the sky, they could not locate the object because it may have been a meteorological experiment we also confirmed one day,' the Radcliffe Observatory said. They did not see it, Mrs. Van Rensburg said. Mr. N. R. Hansen, of 482 Frederick Street, West End, saw an orange glowing object at 5:20 in the morning. It rose from the horizon in the north, and then veered eastwards.  Mr. Hansen said: 'The object was visible for some minutes and then disappeared only to reappear soon after. It was definitely not a shooting star.' Several other reports about the object have been received at various times. Technicians at the Hartbeeshoek space station, near Pretoria, do not know what it is!

(Credit to Mr. Philip J. Hunan)