The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

OCR text output:

PTD (COPY)
TO: Mr. Peter Brackett
AF.B. Ohio
30 Nor 1964

Dr J Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Allen,

Have a letter of 25 November regarding the October sightings and (T-H-E) pleased with your concurrence of the Moondog evaluation. (The film was not submitted to NICAP since it died down to give the impression as a hoax).

As for me, I do my own typing for a change. The Hollston's Cotused and Atlantic cried were not feel worthy of a mention. They just didn't seem co me worth even mentioning and we have asked to complete a resume and sketch only fez this one. 

On the 28 October, a session was called services on this one and talked with the others who had observed the object since it was in view for three hours. At no time during the session did I feet anyone else had observed the object other than those present. The two other ladies mentioned (Airs. Moore and Mrs. Randolph) did not seem to have any definite information to add to this evaluation of the object. The two friends of the witness whom I should have contacted for any future contacts did make themselves known at the session.

On the 30 Oct, Mrs. Jones called and I confirm any reference to the station wagon which she told me she had seen a glint and a (cloud) an don't think the witless was taking about another sighting which I take a seconds) and I don't believe there was anything else she added to what I already had in my files.

The entire eval nation seems to indicate this was a very highly sophisticated object, but then this all seems to go back t0 how much effect should we spent on unidentified objects that don't seem to do anything other than exist. The rating were as efficient information for a more fine evaluation, if the ONLY thing we have efficient information for is more surveillance? Maybe we are doing too much on a case which we have very little factual information.

Data category and having some film evaluations, Maybe will/WDAPP purpose is not to give credibility or a sighting of importance to a case when in fact what we have is very little factual information for a more fine evaluation.