The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Using OCR, the text found in the document is as follows:

"HQ HEADQUARTERS 
462D COMBAT SUPPORT GROUP (SAC)
LARSON AIR FORCE BASE, WASHINGTON

REPLY TO 
ATTN OP: BC

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Object Activity 27 August 1964

TO: AFSC(FTD) 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, 45433

1. On 21 August 1964, at 1600 local time, a call was received
at this installation from the police department of Moses Lake, 
Washington, reporting the Air Police of the discovery of what was 
to be the landing site of an Unidentified Flying Object. Lt Col 
S and Lt Col W, this unit, were dispatched to investigate in 
accordance with AFR 200-2.

2. A check with the Seattle Air Defense Sector, local Control 
Unit and ARTCC, showed no radar contact in the area at the time 
of the alleged UFO activity.

3. In an interview with Mrs. [ILLEGIBLE], of the 
following information was obtained:

"At 0156, 21 August 1964, Mrs. [ILLEGIBLE] was awakened
by a noise outside. She had set her alarm clock for 0600. She has
two sons, ages eight and six, she went to work. She then noticed 
strange lights in her yard, approximately four to six inches in 
diameter. These lights would turn on and off. They would move 
back and forth in her yard for three hours sometimes during the 
night. She then checked the house where the wind-type lamps they 
had showed it to actually be on and was immediately awakened up.
She turned the lights on and two dogs outside were also awakened. 
These dogs were acting strange, barking and looking up at the 
sky. At approximately 1030 hours that same morning the family 
went back to sleep. At approximately 1030 hours that same morn
ing, the sons and several of their friends were playing in the
field about 150 yards from the house when they found what appeared
to be the landing area. These irregular depressions, three in 
number, were about six inches wide and six inches deep. In the
center of these depressions was a crater approximately four and
one half feet in diameter and eight to ten inches deep.
diagram of this alleged landing spot is included in this report."