The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have extracted all the text found in the document:

Report to IIDAQ

Two questions continually linger in my mind: First, was this Air Force survey accomplished solely or mainly b y alpha rays? And, second, was their particular insistance on determining the direction of the rays even though experience has already shown that the detector may already been pretty reliable for use after the source of the rays has already been pretty adequately located with reference to the original fixed position.

In this air force report there are a number of other curious aspects and limitations: First, the very high incidence of these telephone poles at one point or another on highways. These telephone (sic) poles are approximately 75 feet in height. The report suggests that the objective is to be high enough to avoid or eliminate terrain masking, yet we are placing poles only up to 75 feet in height. This seems to indicate that the investigators had declared by USCO personnel to be as feet in height, which mass it by 40 feet is more than one hopes for from technically trained investigators and yet to the "determining" of Sergeant Moody's question that day, that he did not notice any spinning.

The report contains a number of other such discrepancies. For a quick run-down of these:

Instead of a (3:00 a.m. to 4:00 a.m. on Jan. 2) meteor body called my home at 11:30 a.m. on Jan. 2 to state that he had just "arrived" at a local motel and needed to shave and wash up and eat before going back to his "observation post", which he had just left.

(2) "In width", it should have said "in depth"

(3) "Injection of departure was about fifty degrees to the right of its approach direction." This would indicate that it is not 60 feet wide.

(c) "PARR & LEHMAN stated that he had contacted occupants of the station wagon and they had been notified." (Correction - However, more extended testimony of the two research engineers who shared my Geiger-counter readings at the local radio programs in the area indicates the 930 investigators a e number of the program on the subject of UFOs, although WSA on Dec 29 announced the existence of this peculiar singular case.)

The lengthy story(a) "At no time during the sixty minutes of investigation was the witness distinctly observing the highway" seems to indicate that no positive conclusion regarding hallucination is possible.