There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image contains text from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Six feet was allegedly egg-shaped, approximately 30 feet in diameter, with two protrusions resembling antenna or stanchions, apparently a form of landing gear. It was later developed that the object had been observed by others, apparently a form of landing gear. In truth, four of these radar-like legs or supporting members were visible . A photographer named a former Colonel Zamora stated: "A tremendous noise or blast similar to the noise from the noise escape of a jet airplane of the supersonic type that now fly before him. The UFO was apparently soundedv by flames apparently due to the force at which it struck the ground. No explosion occurred, and remore was caused his hand signal it probably. The UFO remained in sight for several minutes. The object maintained its attitude until reaching ground, tilting the mounting still retained for an east erly direction, some 20 feet brilliant, and then parked stop the moss. He noted some myst terious forms of red lighting something like a red traffic light, as he could make it out of the corners of the craft, which he began to approach.

The object maintained its altitude until reaching the ground, tilting as in landing the mouting still retaining for an easterly direction, some 20 feet off the ground, and then parked stop the moss. He noted some myst terious forms of red lighting something like a red traffic light, as he could make it out of the corners of the craft, which he began to approach. Immediately after the object had zoomed away, he added the sheriff's officer Chavez, State Policeman Ted Jordan, and Undersheriff Manuel Lucero had arrived the scene. Charvez and Luckie reported burned gums of grass and crushed bushes where the object had lain, which were still smoldering upon their arrival. It appeared to have been landed simultaneously.

Immediately after the object had zoomed away, he added the sheriff's officer Chavez, State Policeman Ted Jordan, and Undersheriff Manuel Lucero had arrived the scene. Charvez and Luckie reported burned gums of grass and crushed bushes where the object had lain, which were still smoldering upon their arrival. It appeared to have been landed simultaneously. At four locations where the craft's landing gear had touched the Earth, on a subsequent inspection of the scene, they determined the holes to be shallow, about 6 inches long, by six inches wide. They did not appear to have been made by an object.

The UFO REPORTER