The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Transcribing the text in the document:

March 12, 1964

Dear [REDACTED],

This is in reply to your letter of February 23, 1964, in which you requested certain details on several UFO sightings along an unusual object in the sky over Rivesville.

Enclosed is an air force technical information release that was developed by the Air Technical Intelligence Center. This release discusses in detail the sighting data on this particular incident and provides a possible explanation for the phenomenon.

Unidentified flying objects have been reported in the Rivesville area on several occasions, but unfortunately, most of these sightings lack sufficient detail to permit conclusive identification. While a number of these remain unexplained, there is a logical explanation for all aerial sightings in this area.

Weather and atmospheric conditions are responsible for a great many UFO reports. Refractions of light can sometimes give an unusual appearance to distant objects. Pilots, for example, have reported an unusual appearance of a bright light on the ground sometimes due to reflections from ice or snow under certain atmospheric conditions. These refractions can occur occasionally at high altitudes and produce exceptionally high altitude on very clear nights have misled observers into thinking they have seen something unusual, whereas the lights in and around the aircraft were in fact a normal and natural phenomenon.

Last, but not least, the rarity with which satellites are spotted, and the fact that they are often misidentified for unusual objects only adds to the confusion. But this psychological tendency to over-interpret rare sightings of recognizable phenomena is still the most logical explanation for many reports, especially by citizens who are not familiar with the characteristics of unusual aerial objects. 

For these reasons, there is a logical explanation for the UFO sightings in this area, and they do not represent evidence of a real and continuing threat or danger from outer space.