The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO LANDS AT AIR FORCE BASE
FATE
48
target during the time it i$ tracked made it possible for the target to
on radar.
take on a more definite form pon
der"` (a combination receiver
On May 15, between 11:30 and transmitter) receives the cmand transmits) receives the coAM. and 12:15 P.M., Surveillance munication and responds by transminRadar as well as FPS-16 radars at ting a code of its own which is re-
Stallion Site, tracked an object ceived at the ground station. This
is called a "transponder signal."
in the area of Stallion site. Either of two transponders (commu,
The UFO's performed "perfect" nications equipment) are used, with a
precision flights, including side- different code and frequency. It was one of

these codes that the two bounced
signals. These bounced objects werestraddling, then a very slow overhead movement and up and down (Pogo) maneu covering the same area.
the targets during the flight.
Exactly seven days later, on May
Visual confirmation was made by 22, an automatic camera at Hollomana trained radar operator who saw man ob-
tained what appeared to be a picture of
the two objects, described them as an unidentified flying object
"blown" and "football shaped." They with an exceptionally high speed (d
were flying at low altitude and dis- about 2,000 feet per minute (a very a
appeared behind bulletins at the high 25 miles) which came within

3700 yards of one of the Range
instrumentation site where the radar installations. The site is.
clear and there was no indication
that the objects tracked were any
kind of atmospheric phenomena, and certainly they were not conventional aircraft.
After collating the informatI .
gave a press release. We decided to
depend entirely on radar "skin all purpose in mind - to get further
paint", i.e., reflecting of radar information on all sightings. Our
beams from the plane's surface, there release was given to the press news-
is in use in most military and com- on Saturday, May 24.
mercial aircraft a "transponder"
system. An "interrogate" signal is On Sunday, May 25, Hollomantransmitted periodically from the "answered" our press release with an AP
tracking ground station. This signal release, discloses that the Air Force confir
consists of a series of pulses ar- med that "a radar unit" at Holloman
ranged in a particular time se- had tracked UFOs in the area of White Sands on the preceding
Friday, and that the report was being
"investigated." It suggested that some natural phenomena - such as a dust storm - probably be responsi-
ble; the spokesman could find no evidence for a report from an official
phenomena research group" in Tucson of a visual sighting at Holloman man or that an exceptionally fast
"object" was under guard in a Holloman
hangar.
We did learn something - there
had been two separate sightings on Friday, May 22, instead of one.
Unless there was another landing
the "captured" UFO would be the
one involved in the April 30 landing, which would mean a motorized
ground patrol must have come upon the UFO while its occupants
were some distance from it and
prevented their re-entering the
craft. I do not know of any UFO
landing incident in which the occupants ever got very far away
from their craft, and the Cannon
landing demonstrates their amazing speed and ability to escape close
observation. Also, the size and
amount of noise of a 15-27 make it
impossible to believe the occupants
of the April 30 UFO were unaware
of its presence. It is difficult to
put any credence in the rumor of
the "captured" object in a hangar
at Holloman and remain objective.
All of my sources trace back to a
single airman who spoke of the
"captured" UFO.

It does seem that inasmuch as our
continies could find no further corroborotiion, as they did find for
the incidents of April 30 and May
15 and 20, that the fellow was
either making a bid for attention
and/or was mistakenly excited by
a closely guarded hangar.
But, frankly, I believe the ac-
count of the frightened guard who
stumbled upon the UFO at night.
And I do know that the civilian
population in the vicinity of Hol-
loman-White Sands Proving
Ground Range are apprehensive
about the continuing sightings.
I also have information indicating that the military at Holloman
and White Sands, one of the most
thoroughly instrumented test bases
in the United States, are concerned
and about as unconventional aircraft
which not only land under their
noses but which know so much
about aersal procedures and traffic
control signals.
These reports are of enormous
importance if true. And there is
strong evidence that they are true.
But Holloman-White Sands Area is
now under a blanket of military
security. It was impossible for us
to go in and interview the prin-
cipals allegedly involved. What we
have conducted here is a kind of
intelligence operation. But we trust
our sources and we have evaluated
them carefully.

instrumentation side where the
target was detected.
Probably the most disturbing in-
formation relating to this sighting
was that the two objects, with
were responding alternatively with
the standard FPA recognition sig-
nal (sometimes called IFF).
To avoid the necessity of having
to depend entirely on radar "skin
paint", i.e., reflecting of radar
beams from the plane's surface, there
is in use in most military and com-
mercial aircraft a "transponder"
system. An "interrogate" signal is
transmitted periodically from the
tracking ground station. This signal
consists of a series of pulses ar-
ranged in a particular time se-
quence or "code". When the "trans-