There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a "Bolide of 1964 July 19, A.M.S. No. 2384" by Charles F. Olivier.

The text reads:

BOLIDE OF 1964 JULY 19, A.M.S. NO. 2384
By CHARLES F. OLIVIER
Narberth, Pennsylvania
ABSTRACT
Over sixty visual observations of an unusually bright, long-lived, sighted over the northwestern U.S. on July 19, 1964, 9:44 p.m., P.S.T., have been analysed to determine the approximate trajectory path of the object.
SOMMAIRE
Plus de soixante observations visuelles d'une boule de feu brillante et long-vécue, aperçue sur le nord-ouest des Etats-Unis le 19 juillet 1964, à 9 h 44 p.m., H.P.E., ont été analysées pour déterminer la trajectoire approximative de l'objet.
ON July 19, 1964, at 9:44 p.m. P.S.T., an unusually bright bolide was sighted over southwestern Alberta and moving in a general south-easterly direction, ended over western Missouri. Dr. F. R. Hogan, regional director for the American Meteor Society, began collecting reports at once from observers and correspondents in Washington. Eventually these were sent to the writer, who belatedly attempted to calculate the path of the bolide. To assist in this sighting report, Dr. A. Millman of the National Research Centre, Ottawa, was asked for assistance.
From the sighting reports, the path derived by Prof. W. F. Sawyer, University of British Columbia, Canada, from observations he had discussed, have been utilized. These reports were received from the U.S. Air Force and vary in the degree of completeness available. The path and limits of the region, and the lines drawn for the directions in which the bolide was first and last observed, are shown. As always there are great divergencies but fortunately the Canadian observer at Union River Logging camp, W. J. Delaforce at 47 N, gave a good determination of the radiant and a very fine projected path since it passed very near his position. Several other Canadians saw it near their zeniths and could tell on which side it passed. These observations confirmed the above projected path. The final print was based mainly on American reports and a large proportion of these were fairly estimative.
R.A.S.C. Jour., Vol 59, No. 6