There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, which contains only text.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY 
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

Radar Harbage, Investigations
Focal Technology Division
Bendix Corporation
Blue Ash, Ohio

Dear Major:

You will soon give me because instead of giving unintelligible. I appear to be a hightransmission which of a letter in your office. THAT LAST WAS OVER ORIGINAL WORDS, as I am sorry something I have already reported. A. Maj., was originally "Reported by".

Shall I say again, I am no "crank". This is was official, reported to Air Force Base as some official - and all the attitude detailed some explanation of the event, a belief in fact, was over original - words which is more a matter of personal characterization, or estimate, than fact, would have seemed more to point.

One point only, as a clarian representative, I will make any report you submit is matter of fact, and devoid of personalization.

As per your request, I'll go through certain portions of the statement you inquired about, not all incidentally as some points were to the over general disposition:

The object first appeared as a bright star, which we noticed its unusual brilliance. It gradually increased in size, as it approached, of course the direction was south, coming from the south. As it came closer, we could see it was a very large, definite, solid object, not like a distant star. The color remained a steady bright light. There were no tail, trail or other luminosity.

The motion at first was straight and "level", as we described it. Then it started a series of "dips" or "nodding" motions, up and down. The speed appeared moderate, I would estimate 300 to 500 mph.

At one point it came directly overhead, at an estimated altitude of 3,000 to 5,000 feet. We had an excellent view at this time, as it passed directly over us.

Then it made a sharp turn to the west, and continued on in that direction until it disappeared from sight over the horizon. The time elapsed from first sighting to disappearance was approximately 10 to 15 minutes.

There is one portion of the statement I would like to clarify or modify. The statement reads "it was definitely a solid metallic object, reflecting the sunlight". This could be interpreted as meaning the object had a metallic surface. A more accurate statement would be "it appeared to be a solid object, reflecting a bright light".

I hope this clarification is helpful. As I mentioned, I am anxious to cooperate fully in providing any factual information to assist your investigation.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]