The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report detailing an observation of an unidentified flying object.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Object was [shape] in shape. It was smooth--no windows or doors. As four stationed, it was still on or near ground. Sighted red flashing of some type like insignia was about 2" high and about 2" wide guess. No unusual marks. Was in middle of object, like [ ]. Object still like aluminum-white.

After roll by air and glasses fell off, kept running to north, with car between me and object. Glanced back couple of times. Noted object to rise to about level of car, about 60 to 80 feet guess, which rose very slowly with no apparent motion. Object started to rise and I glanced back. I ran I guess about half way to where I ducked down--about fifty feet from the car to where I ducked down, just over edge of hill. I guess I had run about 25 feet when I glanced back and saw the object about level with the car and it appeared about directly over the place where it rose from.

It was still running and it hummed just over the hill. I stayed because I did not hear the roar. I was scared of the roar, and I had planned to continue running down the hill. I turned around toward the object and at same time put my head toward ground, covering my face with my arms. Being that there was no roar, I looked up, and I saw the object going away from me, in a southwest direction. When the roar stopped, I heard a sharp tone whine from high tone to low tone. At end of roar was the whine and the whine lasted maybe a second. Then everything was complete silence about the object.

That's when I lifted my head and saw object going away from me. It did not come any closer to me. It appeared to go in straight line and at same height--possibly 75/80 feet from ground, and it seemed the same shape by silhouette against the bright blue sky. Object was traveling very fast. It seemed to rise up, and take off immediately across country. I ran back to my car and as I ran back, I kept an eye on the object. I glanced up and of course the air glimmers on ground got into the car, and radio did not work. I tried twice to call Lopez, radio operator, to "Look out the window, to see if you could see an object."

He asked what is it? I answered "It looks like a helium balloon." I don't know if he saw it, but he did not confirm I had something it the sky. I don't know if I did not tell him at the moment which window to look out of.

As I was calling Hep, I could still see the object. The object seemed to lift up slowly, and climb in the distance, over the Don Canyon or 4+ Mile Canyon mountain. It disappeared as it went over the mountain. It had no flame whatsoever as it was traveling over the ground, and no smoke or noise.

Telling in good health. Just steady-hovering over a smooth road or path. Noted no colors, had no sounds other than described. Gave directions to Hep Repp at radio and to Sergeant M.J Chaves to get there. Went down to where the object was.