There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

power line to the left of the highway. These telephone poles are approximately 12 ft. in height. Department of the highwa4r has marked these poles in the vicinity of the witness stop-
ped as though the car had run out of gas. The car proceeded about 25 ft. down the road and the driver said he came to a complete stop. A total distance of approximately 100 yds from the highway. Total time of the landing portion of the reported observation was approximately 5 minutes. The object rose vertically and rapidly but less than two minutes. Mr Burns got out of the car walked around to the front of it and looked at the object. At the time he shot off the first round of about 200 ft from the near-est end of the object which disappeared in a shower of sparks. Disappearing in a manner of a flare dropping. Direction indicated that it went of in an upward direction. There were no exhaust or contrails noted.

CHECKS FOR RADIATION:

A thorough geiger counter check of the area was made. At no time was a reading obtained to indicate fallout or radioactive background radiation. The dial on the watch of the college student with the car indicated a reading of 1.5/mn. This instrument had been recently calibrated and was found to be in good working order. The range of the instrument is 0-2500 mr/hr.

Public Relations:
During the investigation at the alleged landing site, Mr Dallas M Keraey reporter for the Shenandoah Valley News Bureau, P.O. Box 846, Staunton, Virginia subscribed three articles to the 1 January 1965. A copy of an article is attached.

Examination of the field showed that grass and brittle weeds stems had not been depressed or broken over except where a large vehicle or object of any significant weight had landed in the field. This may have indicated that the land did contours had been disturbed but there were no house or structure damage and there had appeared on several local radio programs in the area. It was because of one of these radio programs that the search had revealed his contact the next day.On 29 Dec. On 30 Dec the search went to the area of the alleged landing.