There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this page from the old UFO report document. The page contains only text describing various discussions and events related to the Socorro, New Mexico UFO case.

As per your request, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

it on a global basis.and the UFO phenomenon,apart from the Socorro case,is certainly not limited to the United States.

After these discussions in the editorial offices, Rair and I went out for lunch and asked Sgt. Chaves to join us. While we were waiting for him, I showed Rair the letter from Menzel and his comments about part of it were, "Childish." But we went over it point by point, and likewise Chaves did. Chaves seemed reaction to the letter was rather strange. He had sort of a resigned, almost pathetic look on his face and said, "I really feel sorry for Lonnie. He's had to take an awful lot."

When he told of a recent case where Zamora was arresting a kid for speeding, and the kid said, "What do you want to give me a ticket for? Don't you know a flying saucer might come right down on us now?" (or something like that.)

I asked him what the whole movie situation had been. Zamora and how it had affected him. He said that Zamora had not wanted to be in the picture, but it was at the Mayor's insistence, via his boss, that he consented to do so. I can't quite believe this myself. When I talked to Zamora later, he seemed to be reasonably pleased about being in the movie. Clearly, with a world premiere in Socorro, it would be a strange human who did not get some kick out of a thing like that.

I will come back to the Menzel letter later because I discussed it with DR. La Paz who knows Menzel well, that was the purpose of my going to Albuquerque. I purchased five newspapers which had various stories about the movie or about related matters. The papers were for Tuesday, February 9; Thursday, February 25; Tuesday March 2; Tuesday, March 9; and Thursday, March 11. The first one I think you have; it states, "Socorro Part of Film on UFO's Completed; Zamora's Account Jives With Sixteen Verified Sightings." The February 25th issue contains a front page story on a UFO sighted over Gallup which far as I can see, is nothing more than a meteor. The March 2nd issue contains a lovely story about nothing.