The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads:

Translator's note: Below is a complete but rather free translation of original letter in Italian. Due to the pressure of work, we have been unable to review or edit the English translation.

Messrs. Project Blue Book 
Information Office HQ USAF (SAF-OIBB)

I obtained your address from Rome's daily newspaper, IL TEMPO. The undersigned individual is neither selected nor employed by any government agency, nor do I claim to have any physical or psychic powers. I am a father of two children who are members of the Sotogi School in Savona. What I am about to relate in this letter is the result of continuous study.

I was one of that majority [of people] that are indifferent to the "UFO" problem, and very little, impressed to compare accounts of sightings or to talk about the possible causes, one way or another. However, in 1962 at the Villanova air base, I had the occasion to watch the aerial acrobatics performance by Italian Air Force fighter planes. I was fascinated by the precision of their maneuvers and wished for the presence of these same fighter planes that I had seen in the air. It was saucer shaped and silver-gray in color. It was a fraction of a second.

The future progressed until the middle of July 1964, when an innumerable series of sightings, which still continue, commenced.

In that month, almost every (and almost during the evening) evening we were able to observe luminous objects of the apparent magnitude of a star passing over the sky, traveling at incredible speed and changing direction with precision. The height was probably between 30 and 40,000 meters. Undoubtedly they are not celestial bodies, because their movements are not constant but erratic, and sometimes stationary at a great altitude, sometimes at a lower one. At times I have seen the light dim and extinguish, and then suddenly reappear at the same or different position. Once this summer (August 1964) one of these "stars" was visible for a few seconds because of the great brightness which was low over the city and its surroundings.

These might apparitions, strange to say, stopped during the winter season, except for rare occasions (for instance the night of 4 February 1965 - 20 hours). The daytime apparitions were more numerous, starting 11 July 1964. I will not list them all, but will just mention the main ones.