The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old newspaper or document discussing a report of a UFO sighting.

THE STATE JOURNAL
Lansing, Michigan
Thurs., May 21, 1964

Was it Martians?
Odd Sound Linked to Sky Object
Mrs. ETHYL ROCKE, 6035 Hilliard rd., had just gotten up and was standing near a chest when she suddenly heard a loud noise.

The clock in Mrs. Elizabeth Rocke's living room struck three at the time she was awakened by a "terrific noise" Thursday morning.

Others reported hearing the sound on the city's south side during the same time period.

Mrs. Rocke, of 6035 Hilliard rd., had just gotten up and was standing near a chest when she suddenly heard a loud noise. 

"It sounded like a helicopter taking off," she said. "It was a very loud, pulsating sound - like something from outer space."

About the same time, her husband, Alfred, and her daughter, Wanda, 10, also heard the "whirling sound."

"It was terrifying and it lasted about five minutes," she said. "Then it seemed to be quieter and then it would build up again."

The story of course, has to have an elephant angle. 

She also heard what sounded like a trumpeting elephant at the Lansing Zoological Center.

"But the elephant couldn't have made that noise," she said. "It was just standing there while the sound came."

After the noise stopped, she said she looked outside but didn't see anything.

Mrs. Cole was the only person who reported seeing anything.

"I was too scared to go to the window at first," she said. "But then I looked out toward Holt and it looked like something was out there. It looked like some kind of a great, huge bowl, sort of spinning. It was just over the trees but it moved away straight way - just like that - burning in loops and disappearing."

She said the object had a glow.

"Neither her husband nor I got up to look at the object," Mrs. Rocke said. "We just heard the screeching noise. Sheriff Donald G. Nichols of Ingham county said his office received several telephone calls this morning asking about a "unified booming sound."