The image does not contain any photographs, only a typewritten document.

U.S.AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON,D.C.

Dear Sir:

I hope you will be kind enough to forward this letter to the channel through which it may reach the right place. To begin with, I am not a wide-eyed fanatic,astronomer and have not had to the best of my knowledge,any hallucinations. I was well informed from sources such as Sky and Telescope and have a fairly good knowledge of astronomy. On November 1, 1964, I observed what I thought at first was a meteor, a weather balloon, or Venus. I am not giving you any fancy descriptions of what I've seen since this and one or two other sightings of which I am not certain. Found nothing concrete, I personally believe that you are not taking a closer look at the matter unless you wish to please several months ago you said that there was no indication that these craft were from some other civilization, on the things are crafts and if you have been telling the truth about to be something else fly past America and not a mirage of DDW equipment. All reports I will recall will be just like I saw and without distortion. There was one witness, whose name I will with hold. It's better to explain how that I am only interested in reporting what I saw and I find definite instructions how the letter, I am still a competent measure of my observations. Astronomers often have to meet similar situations.
Friend, who I will call "Read", and I were over at his home looking at the constellations. Suddenly we both looked up and started looking at the constellations, Jupiter and the stars. Suddenly, an object caught the corner of my eye. Turning my head towards the northern sky, I saw a brilliant light moving at a very rapid pace. It appeared to be a little larger than a star and it seemed to be a little flickering every now and then. It was moving on a level path with a slight upward trend as far as I could tell. I watched it for a good minute or more and as it went out of sight, it seemed to go out without a trace. We both stood there rather amazed at what we had witnessed and discussed it at some length. This is only about the third time I've seen something of this nature and I felt I should report it to you. I hope you will consider this report and if possible, let me know if there is anything else I can do to help in your investigation.

Sincerely yours,
(Name Redacted)