There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a typed letter describing a reported UFO sighting.

The full text of the document is as follows:

January 9, 1965

The Hon. Albert W. Johnson
233 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I was very happy you were elected and supported you in this area. Something happened to me in May along with another man (Frank God he went) - this is why I enclose the article you I was ever and still. 

Briefly the summary of what happened May 26, 1964 at about 11 p.m.

We were driving west on Route 30-27 towards Pleasantville when our car (a blue and white Pontiac) suddenly slowed down. We were passed on the right by an old Ford (southbound) car which quickly turned in front of us and stopped. It looked as if they had a flat tire, but it was apparently a lure to cause our car to stop as well. At that time a bright light came from the right side of our car from a circular object which hovered in the air and appeared to be 30 to 40 feet in diameter. This light was not as intense as our car's headlights. It seemed to be directed just to the right of us. It was not a reflection. Suddenly it went out.

I turned and looked out the front window and caught a glimpse of this yellow-orange colored object apparently taking off straight up at a good speed. As it shot up and out of sight, a bright blue and red colored flash like an explosion could be seen.

Route 27 was torn up and blocked off but I drove around the road block hoping to see it again. We did not. It was getting in the field between us and the Pleasantville hill and looked odd (not having the gaseous look it had when in action). It looked to be from 6 to 8 feet in diameter in the field but disappeared from view. Going back to our car, I saw nothing. I should like any information you have about UFO's. I was a complete skeptic until May 26. I also should like to know if the Air Force does investigative reports on such sightings. I enclose two questions that came to mind along with this article.

Sincerely yours,