There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old newspaper or document related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

OPTICAL CHARACTER RECOGNITION OUTPUT:

Was it Martians?

Odd saucer-shaped object sighted by Michigan area

By DICK ST. CLAIR  

Some folks are the subject of attention of more bizarre incidents than others. For instance, there's Mrs. Donna Couvillion, a lady whose living room window afforded her a front-row seat on what she believes was a "flying saucer" episode that had 'em all shaking their heads in amazement.

Others reported hearing the sound of the object as it sped silently on its way for a few minutes about 1 a.m. Sunday.

Mrs. Couvillion said the object struck her as "different" and that it seemed to have a definite shape, almost like a saucer, as it hovered over a field behind her home for several minutes.

"It was over the tree top and then it seemed to dart off at a terrific speed," said Mrs. Couvillion. "It was one of the strangest things I've ever seen."

The object, she said, gave off a bright light which illuminated the entire neighborhood as it passed overhead. She said she could see it quite clearly for about four or five minutes before it disappeared.

Other neighbors also saw the object and one family reported running outside to watch it. One man said it looked "like a big old balloon."

Some said they heard a "whooshing" sound as the object zipped by. Mrs. Couvillion said she was in her living room when she caught sight of the strange craft.

The story, of course, has to be taken with a grain of salt, since flying saucer stories are as common as the weather these days. But there are occasional reports that seem to have more substance.

And this one has the backing of an impressive number of witnesses.

Said one resident: "I was too scared to get a good look at it. I just stood there with my mouth open."

NO ELEPHANT

The expert opinion couldn't be summoned on this one - the Air Force Project Blue Book chief, Major Hector Quintanilla, admitted he couldn't make "heads or tails" of it.

"It doesn't seem to fit any of our patterns," he said. "Neither the husband nor wife got a good look at it, and their descriptions differ."

He said Donald R. Keyhoe, director of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, has a "far-fetched theory" that the object may have been an "unmanned space probe" from outer space, possibly on its way to the moon.

"If this is true," said Keyhoe, "then these Michigan sightings could be our first authentic contact with some kind of alien intelligence."

But Quintanilla, who has been studying flying saucer reports for years, said he just couldn't go along with that. "There's no concrete evidence to support it," he said.

So the case remains a mystery. All that's certain is that a number of people in the Lansing, Mich., area saw something they couldn't figure out.

And now it's up to the experts to try to unravel the riddle.