The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not contain any photograph, but rather features a text document describing an "Unusual Explosion" that occurred in the Province of Quebec, Canada on June 16, 1964.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 949 INT
SUBJECT: (CD) Unusual Explosion - Province of Quebec, Canada

TO: FTD (TDBX)
WEIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, Ohio

1. Reference telephone conversation, 20 July 1964 between this 
OFFICE and FTD (TDBX), WEIGHT-PATTERSON AFB. The attached material 
was released from this Office through the Directorate of Scientific 
and Technical Liaison, DIA.

2. Following is the RCMP report of investigation:

1. On the 16th of June 1964, a telephone call was received at 
OFFICE, U.S. Embassy, Ottawa, Canada from a resident of St. Georges
de Beauce, P.Q. He was alleged the explosion took place around 
07:55, Georges de Beauce, P.Q. It was alleged the explosion took place 
from outer space and would warrant an investigation.

2. A Captain was immediately organized. Mr. [redacted], retired, 
St. Georges de Beauce, P.Q. was interviewed. He informed that he is 
in the habit of taking a daily walk, and on the 16th of June 1964, 
between the hours of 1630 and 1700, he was walking along the road 
near his residence. He stated that a loud noise or explosion occurred.
Yet there was no displacement of earth, soil and no rocks or other objects thrown around. 
After the explosion (around 1650) he walked to the impact site, pieces of dark material (resembling hardened tar) were found on the 
surface. He gathered these pieces of material, placed them in a jar 
and took them to his home for later inspection. He also stated that 
he heard no aircraft overhead and saw nothing aside from the explosion.
No point of impact could be found. There was no crater or anything 
that could indicate the point of impact. Several pieces found.

3. The RCMP Constable who was in the area at the time, was immediately 
notified. Nothing else was found on the scene and no one saw it and no 
one heard an aircraft overhead.