The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
I admit what I say frightened me because I've never seen anything like it before nor heard of satellites maneuvering as this one did. I want to know what I saw for my own peace of mind. (End paraphrase)

Mr. ... was quizzed from the point of view of explanatory theories ranging from astronomical balloons/maneuvering aircraft, infra-red seeking missiles and foreign satellites. There was no immediate plausible explanation which satisfied either Mr. Hayden or his listeners.  

The following details were ascertained from him. The sky was still, dark enough to see aircraft running lights. Overhead and down light was becoming visible to the east. There had been a smoky, grayish air mass and less than normal starlight preceding evening. There had been some precipitation during the night. The significant factors had noted about 0330 that the sky was fairly clear over the black mountain area; however, the rest of the sky was partly cloudy. The temperature was about 5500 to 50° warmer than for the past week at that hour.

Mr. ... was reassured that if an explanation for his observed phenomena was possible, it would be informed. His sincerity and concern were apparent by the fact that he spent several hours, including a 25 mile return trip to re-observe, thence to the American Embassy, thence to the home of the First Secretary, and finally to the home of the Chief Scientific Attache, to seek an explanation.

He referred to his vision with pride as 60 - 60. His descriptions most colorful and it was the colliding, as he described it "like a fish striking bait," that obsessed him.  

A check with the Meteorology Department indicated no release of balloons or satellites during or in fact, released normally made several hours earlier or later than the time in question.

The Canberra airport reported no aircraft in the air over Canberra at that hour nor were there any for a matter of an hour before or afterwards.