The image contains a photograph of a UFO sighting report from Project Blue Book. The report is titled "Mrs. Joseph T. Chorney, of Westford, and her son, STEVEN - Mother-Son Report UFO Sightings - Flying Saucers Seen Over Westford". The text describes the sighting of large, dark-colored objects observed over Westford, Massachusetts in April 1964. The report includes details about the sighting and the witnesses' descriptions of the objects.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY) 15 Sept 64
SUBJECT: FLYING SAUCERS Mrs. JOSEPH T. CHORNEY, OF WESTFORD, AND HER SON, STEVEN - MOTHER - SON REPORT UFO SIGHTINGS
Flying Saucers Seen Over Westford
Have you ever seen a flying large ship - or UFO? This occurred here at Westford, April 14, 1964 with my son, Steven, and I as witnesses. We were outside looking toward the northwest from our home. The sky was clear and it was dusk, about 8:00 p.m. Suddenly we saw 3 large dark objects flying very fast across the sky. They were circular in shape, about three times the size of an airplane, dark in color, and absolutely silent. 

They were flying in a triangular formation, about 4000 feet altitude. We watched them disappear to the southeast. A few minutes later we saw 4 more of the same type objects flying in a straight line, about 5000 feet altitude, also going southeast. We saw these together for about 2 to 3 minutes.

About 10 days later, on April 24th, we saw 5 of the same kind of objects at about 8:15 p.m. They came in from the west at a high speed and went down in a northeasterly direction near our home. We watched them for 10 to 15 minutes as they maneuvered back and forth in the sky. Sometimes they appeared to be one object, then separated into 5 distinct objects.

On May 5th at 9:30 p.m. we saw 4 of these objects again. This time they approached from the west and flew low over our house, north to south, very slowly and silently. We could not hear any motors or any other sound. They appeared to be about 500 feet altitude.

This is a factual report of what we saw. We are very much interested in this kind of thing. We would appreciate any information you could give us regarding our sightings.

Thank you for your attention.

Sincerely,
Mrs. Joseph T. Chorney
Westford, Massachusetts