The image does not contain any photographs. The text of the document is as follows:

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
February 15, 1965
-5-
Who devised a hoax to get away from occurred to both Lyle and myself. The the whole thing could easily have been blamed as come from some side road? Which side road? Could it have been from the direction of the damage and time spent by the highway patrol to block the occupant of the speeding car? was the driver ever traced or any other clue as to who he was? Did they have a regular patrol route so that his approximate whereabouts would have been known to the patrol. It may have been a five minute alibi for a night action? Incidentally, the whole business is remarkably similar to the UFO having been on September 3, 1964, in the ground, charged batteries, sold for cash. In addition to the simple facts that could surely have produced what would seem to be a curious report -
If you accept this idea just as likely, one can see how it could have been possible. Any bright youngsters, possibly juniors or seniors in high school, could devise by themselves, perhaps not having heard of UFO's and they tried to make a very simple one. It need not have been a sophisticated balloon as they perhaps missed the whole history of what might have been involved, perhaps one of the radio sonde type. But that made some inexplicable phenomenon - possibly the housewives have two or three simple hydrogen-filled balloons. They put up the night of the incident. It looks to their confederate to the speeding car. If they have whatever needed to get going, perhaps he is the radio ham and he has the equipment to get going. Perhaps he is a radio ham and can send a signal to the youngsters telling them to let it go. The extremely loud noise attracting attention - The shiny, possibly metallic, flash attracted attention. They must have definitely tried to make a dynamic shock could hardly have been a coincidence.
Now these boys have manufactured a fake UFO. To get it off with small balloons means that it is pretty light. They take a big piece of aluminum foil, cut it in the form of an ellipse with two legs appended.