The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

Buena Park, California
January 23, 1965

Dear Sir:

My purpose in writing is to report an unidentified flying object observed in Central California on the evening of August 29, 1964.

My Dad, an aeronautical engineer, and I were standing outside looking up at the sky at around 10:30 P.M. when we saw something strange come down from Mt. Whitney. The time was approximately 10:30 P.M. when we sighted an unusual object.

The object appeared to be a jet airplane against a moonlit sky. However, but it's speed and maneuvers were much greater than any jet aircraft known. It moved rapidly in straight lines, then made extremely sharp turns, sometimes appearing to stop momentarily, then resume its flight. It seemed larger than any commercial jet and was perfectly silent. This was no satellite, no shooting star, no airplane - it was a completely unidentified flying object.

The object was visible for approximately 30 seconds. It seemed to be about 15,000 feet in altitude when we first sighted it. Then it suddenly streaked off at a tremendous speed and was out of sight.

It would move down a couple of degrees, then stop, then move up a couple of degrees, stop, then move rapidly off in another direction. The maneuvers were incredible and the speed unbelievable. There was no exhaust, no glow, no sound at all. It was a strange, silent, fast-moving aerial object.

The object seemed to have no specific purpose or direction. It just seemed to be maneuvering, first one way then another, in a random fashion. Its size appeared larger than any commercial plane, and it was definitely not an aircraft of any kind known to us.

The object seemed to have no specific purpose or direction. It just seemed to be maneuvering, first one way then another, in a random fashion. Its size appeared larger than any commercial plane, and it was definitely not an aircraft of any kind known to us.