The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report about a UFO sighting incident in Socorro, New Mexico in 1964.

OUTPUT TEXT:

maneuver was in progress, unless the log of such maneuvers is produced,
and better yet, the entire "crime" reinstated, preferably in Zamora's
presence. I recognize that this will be a very difficult task, but
I think every attempt should be made to do this. It will require
the secrecy of the Air Force himself.

It would be well, further, for "files protection" for the Air Force to
tabulate from its records, and from available records from other sources,
of other reported landings, such as, for instance, the chronological list
of such landings, and if possible, the conditions under which these
occurred. Ignorance of what NICAP and APRO will designate as similar cases will be
of little help.

In about a month, I shall have occasion to return to the Socorro area,
at which time I will discuss with Zamora and Chaves after the excitement
has completely subsided down, some the finer points of the sighting,
such as the location at which radio calls were made, etc.

The wind at this time was blowing very strongly from the south and
I established by repeated questioning that the object had taken off
either at right angles or partially into the wind.

I have not stressed the insignia which Zamora reported, since he drew
directly for me something which I had shown for Capt Holder. The question
him always times on the shape of the object, and as to whether it had clear
windows and if the machine had landed - about the results were
virtually the same as the information given to Capt Holder. The object
was egg-shaped, and the inverted V insignia on it, two legs seemed to
be protruding from the object which was not chrome but "whitish-
aluminium", and it was further established that the great roar during
its initial take-off disappeared suddenly and the horizontal flight away
and over the hills where clouds were noticed.

I questioned Mr Art Burns of the FBI, and several others who had been
on the site within the first hours after the sighting as to the alleged
freshness of the tracks. They were all of the opinion that the tracks
were under fresh.

Although Zamora was the only witness to the actual sighting, nine
people in all say she markings. Altogether nine people say the markings
within hours of the sighting and before the hours of curiosity seekers
descended upon the place the following day.

After I visited the place of the sighting, I had several other talks
with local people, and, in particular, with the reporter of the El Defensor
Chieftain, on perhaps it was the editor (its a small paper). I believe
that I talked with Mr Lavis A Renden, the publisher of the El Defensor.