The image contains a newspaper article with the headline "Another Flying Saucer" and a photograph. The article describes an encounter between a police officer and a "flying saucer" near Socorro, New Mexico. It states that the police officer, Lonnie Zamora, saw a shiny, egg-shaped object on the desert just outside of town and observed it briefly before it took off rapidly. The article also mentions that Deputy Sheriff James Luckie believes the object was "some kind of shiny, aluminum-like substance." No other photographs are present in this document.

ANOTHER FLYING SAUCER
This One Egg-Shaped and Shiny, Says Policeman 
By CHARLES RICHARDS
United Press International
SOCORRO, N.M. (UPI)--It's a good place for a flying saucer. Right on the edge of White Sands Missile Range on the wide open New Mexico desert, just 30 miles northwest of this site of the world's first atomic blast--Socorro Policeman Lonnie Zamora says he saw it, and police and military men seem to believe him.
Zamora is a very reliable witness," White Sands Missile Range, said T. Holder, uprange commander. "He told us what he saw and we believe him."
Deputy Sheriff James Luckie said he believes "it's some kind of shiny, aluminum-like substance." 
"I was scared," Zamora said. He said his experience "taughthim one thing--he will still run away like he did Friday, but he will not tell a soul" about what he saw.
Zamora said he spotted an egg-shaped object on the desert a mile south of Socorro. He denied seeing any signs of life around the object and said its "maneuver--rose--and flew slowly away until it faded from sight."
He said he spotted what appeared to be a pair of "white coveralls" near the saucer, but could not tell if anything or anyone was in them--the object, Zamora said, "just took off."
"It was something out of the ordinary, something ever flown away about 100 yards, he said. Two investigators from Kirkland Air Force Base in Albuquerque--Maj. William Romer and Sgt. David Moody--used Geiger counters to check the area, where the only evidence was a burnt-bush four to six feet wide and deep in the ground. Zamora said the machine-like depressions in the ground had been supported on the ground by four spider-like legs. He said the object took off with a roar and apparently with some kind of blast or exhaust from the saucer. Holder said the checki by both White Sands and nearby Holloman Air Force Base, he is using any object comparable to a machine. Government agencies will continue the investigation.