The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

hold of, including the baggage man at the station, the priest, and several people who have known him since he was in knee britches. This baggage man gave us a very detailed story about everybody in town) gave him one of the cleanest bills of health that anybody ever had. Furthermore, one of my 21 interrogators said he was a stroger undergraduate than I am. I had a hard time getting them to finally listen to a word I was saying. In her talk with the priest, she quotes, "I still gave myself up to God." The paper was complete with geologic maps, read maps, etc. and while I asked the student undertaking my report, he was unable to do so. I think it's time for P.E.M. and USAF to blow this case wide open. Furthermore, I revisited Socorro on my return a few weeks ago. I suggest again, however, that I telephone Hector and she the others mentioned. If anybody is more righteouss than I, concerning this matter, it's these people from before. And although I tried to find negative characters to prove my case, I met nothing but kindly fellows who seemed as eager as I was to find the truth. In fact, as you know, he was constantly in touch with them, and this is a situation hardly conducive to an isolation of information. I'd like to quote his remark, and also the response I've already set forth from the bureau - "while flying and holding my breath, I heard a noise right behind me and instantly was sick at my stomach (Just as you will remember, this was exactly what happened to me at the rock quarry).  Also the fact that, he informed the observer that he thought it was, 

Transcribed text:

hold of, including the baggage man at the station, the priest, and several people who have known him since he was in knee britches. This baggage man gave us a very detailed story about everybody in town) gave him one of the cleanest bills of health that anybody ever had. Furthermore, one of my 21 interrogators said he was a stroger undergraduate than I am. I had a hard time getting them to finally listen to a word I was saying. In her talk with the priest, she quotes, "I still gave myself up to God." The paper was complete with geologic maps, read maps, etc. and while I asked the student undertaking my report, he was unable to do so. I think it's time for P.E.M. and USAF to blow this case wide open. Furthermore, I revisited Socorro on my return a few weeks ago. I suggest again, however, that I telephone Hector and she the others mentioned. If anybody is more righteouss than I, concerning this matter, it's these people from before. And although I tried to find negative characters to prove my case, I met nothing but kindly fellows who seemed as eager as I was to find the truth. In fact, as you know, he was constantly in touch with them, and this is a situation hardly conducive to an isolation of information. I'd like to quote his remark, and also the response I've already set forth from the bureau - "while flying and holding my breath, I heard a noise right behind me and instantly was sick at my stomach (Just as you will remember, this was exactly what happened to me at the rock quarry). Also the fact that, he informed the observer that he thought it was,