There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a letter from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University dated December 20, 1954.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS

DECEMBER 20, 1954

Dear Mr. XXXXX,

Thank you very much for your recent letter and the information you sent. The publicity made quite a stir, and as a result we've received a number of similar reports from other parts of the country at various times. The possible explanation would be that we are encountering their activities locally since people seem to have seen similar objects at various places simultaneously. Right now, we are trying to do something to work on. Sightings like these are indeed very puzzling, as you reported, and we too are trying to find out what causes them. I hope, however, that we can find one, and that it will be a satisfactory, down-to-earth explanation. Satisfactory or not, we'll try to find out definitely what causes them.

With respect to the photographs, I would very much like to have one or two views of the scene. The number I will leave to you since you can best determine whether additional ones are desirable. I will gladly reimburse you for any expenses incurred, as I realize that the cost of obtaining additional photographs is not necessary and so cost. I will cover that personally. I would think that if we could see some of the additional photographs it would help us very much in our attempt to get to the bottom of this. But a few snapshots of this area would be helpful. So please go ahead and I will cover any costs involved within this request.

Your mention of Fate magazine being published in Evanston is a pure coincidence. There seems to be no connection whatsoever. There seems to be some sort of an occult bookshop in the northern part of Evanston which has apparently been the source of some publicity here and there. I do think their stories and so on are a bit far-fetched.

Thank you again for your response. Let's keep in touch; you may get more information, and I will, of course, let you know if we get any place with this.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen Hynek
Director