There is no visible photograph in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically regarding a UFO sighting incident that occurred on April 24, 1964 in Socorro, New Mexico.

The text output from the OCR is as follows:

and a drawing of this marking will be attached at the end of the report. 
We cannot be firm in chile the color was used. At this point of altitude the object was red and a drawing of this marking will be attached at the end of the report. We cannot be firm in the color was used. At this point of altitude the object was red and not more than a few seconds and began to move laterally to his right (TV) along the line of the gully about 10 seconds as the dynamite check by not more than two or three feet and fading in the distance near a mill about 5 miles away.
Sgt. Chavez arrived on the scene. About 3 minutes later. About 8 minutes later Sgt Chavez arrived on the scene.
Area background. Photos have been obtained of the background. An airfield (Private) is located about a mile to the opposite side of the road where the object was located and Zamora's car was parked. To the right about 200 ft is the dynamite shack, about 6ft tall, if it square and silver in color. Measurements of these factors can be made if deemed essential.
The sighting was made at least an hour before sunset. At 1630 pm the sun was still visible above the mountains to the west.
Lt Holder was visited and the report made by the FBI agent (Mr Barnes) and Capt Holder claimed no knowledge of the red mark. Extensive diagrams of the holes had been made and measurements taken. He indicated that the samples could be analyzed at White Sands. Also a check had been made with the local Radar stations and no U/I tracks carried at the time of the sighting. Further check indicated that no halo activity was in the area. White Sands has two or three sites where halo at the sites were located at the other end of the state on Monday morning. A copy of the FBI report and Capt Holder's report and measurements to be forwarded to Major Conner's along with analysis of the charred specimen.
No conclusion as to cause could be reached by myself or Major Conner.
Coral Lorensen and husband were in Socorro at the time and had interviewed Sgt Chavez and also Capt Holder prior to my arrival. Copy of Major Conner's IR as attachments will be the FBI report, Capt Holder's report, Photos of the area, and specific slides taken that evening by Sgt Chavez to the scene. Specific statements as to radar activity, (none) halo activity (all known holes in the area) and inquiry into the red marking should be made.
Copies of the local news releases have been forwarded to Capt Q and the basic investigative efforts have been completed. I called Capt Q upon return from Socorro at 1930, Sunday 26 April and advised him of the above information.

DAVID N MOODY
TSGT, USAF