The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a text document discussing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. As per the instruction, I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output all the text found in the document.

Let us take the two objects one at a time. First, the "blimp gondola."

1. Can you make a sketch of it?
2. Did it shine with its own light, or did there appear to be some other source of light illuminating it?
3. The "landing light" was reported as shining straight down; did the course of light appear to move a distance, like a searchlight, or a small diameter, like a distant automobile headlight?
4. Did the "landing light" seem to be of a brightness normal for an aircraft landing light?
5. Was the object itself clearly outlined all the way around, or was it seen as if through a haze?
6. Could the shape of the "four or five windows" be seen? What made them look like windows instead of, for example, lights mounted on the object?
7. Did the object appear to be spinning or rotating, or was it travelling in a straight line? How was it oriented?
8. Clearly, the witnesses are familiar with the appearance of airplanes; how did this object differ from an aircraft, that made you think it was a familiar object?
9. Did the light illuminate the ground, surrounding trees, or houses?
10. How did the object disappear - suddenly or slowly?
11. Have you had any thoughts on what it might have been?

Now to the second sighting. There is less information available on this one, so please concentrate the remaining questions on the details.
1. Can you sketch the formation? Did it change?
2. What were the colors of the lights?
3. Did the lights move as if they were all attached to the same object or invisible framework, or did they move relative to one another?
4. How bright were the lights in comparison with the first object?
5. How bright were the lights in comparison with bright stars, or objects (in the distance) like after sunset this fall?
6. Was the light which veered off one of the "four" that had been in diamond formation; or was it a completely new light?