The image does not contain any photographs, it is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text in the document is as follows:

Memo, from Capt Quintanilla, 27 April 1964

TO: Colonel de Jonckheere

At 0715, 24 April, when I reported for duty as SAO, I was informed by Major Swalman of the Air Force that he had received a UFO report via the telephone at 2130 EST, 24 April, from the 1005th Special Investigation Squadron at Holloman AFB, New Mexico. Lt Col Kline had reported to them that while driving 14 miles south of Socorro, New Mexico, a patrolman of the New Mexico State Police had observed a landed UFO and the object took off and disappeared to the west. The witness claims that he saw a small humanlike object approximately 5 feet tall, wearing what appeared to be a white coverall suit. The object was first observed at about 5'5" height, but when it went to enter the craft, it appeared to levitate to the craft's opening which was about 12 feet from the ground. The craft itself was about 40 feet in diameter and 12 to 15 feet high, oval in shape and had a gray metallic color. The witness stated that the craft made no sound and after a short time it rose vertically with a "tremendous" wind which nearly knocked the witness to the ground. The craft then accelerated horizontally and disappeared rapidly. The witness claimed to have seen the object hovering and then the object took off with tremendous speed.

At 0930, 24 April, Col Cole from the Air Force BLUE BOOK section and Col Holder from the Inspection Division arrived at Holloman AFB to get all the details on this report. At 0930, 25 April, Col Harris from the Emergency Action Group - JCS Communications Center went to Socorro and interviewed the witness at his residence. At 1120, 25 April, the Socorro State Police arrived at the scene, took plaster casts of the alleged landing impressions which were found to measure 5'5" in diameter and up to 1 1/2 inches deep. Soil samples were taken and will be analyzed. At 1123, the Socorro State Police secured the area and restricted access. 

At 2135, 26 April, Capt Holder, Col Kline and myself had a conference with Col Harris and Major O'Connor. We were advised that Sgt Moody is presently on TDY at Kirkland on Project Cloud Gap regarding UFO incidents, and we were further advised to get in touch with Capt Holder from White Sands, who had interviewed the witness and obtained his complete statement.