There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. However, I will proceed to generate and output all the text found in the document as an OCR system.

(Continued from Page 3)
Zamors said he had been instructed by Intelligence not to talk about them, but the Army contingent at Stallion Site did. He would not give the Army the point, they did not press that issue. Zamors also said he was told not to sign anything about the markings. He sent in his request to Chaves for him to come to the site alone. It was felt that Zamors might have felt a little embarrassed about finding markings when others did not.
Thus, the interview with Zamoras was not very long and immediately called Captain Holder on the telephone and asked him about his request that Zamora not discuss the markings. Holder said that those higher asked him not to inform them whether or not other future sightings were reported. The Lorenzens believed him—he seemed to be an intelligent young man attempting to do a which appeared to have been a good job.
When the sighting was first being checked out by the Lorenzens it continues without sufficient evidence upon which to develop such action. They decided to tell them that he had called and talked to Zamora and that he had cautioned him not to talk about the "little men" to newsmen. This was the only incident during the whole investigation which indicated to any move the investigators to check further.
Later, even after talking to the Lorenzens, Zamora changed his story from "little men" to a "pair of what looked like women, it is easy to see" and the various eyewitness accounts of man-shaped white things seems to have been their first reporters.
One part of the investigation was interested in and enlisting: When the Lorenzens returned from the landing site, Chaves had to transmit a prisoner by telephone, etc. While he was busy within about a half hour the telephone rang and the call was for Chaves. Mr. Lorenzens believed it was for Chavez. Shortly the Sergeant came in and took the call and he and Mrs. L. took up their conversation about the Zamora incident where they had left off.
the Air Force should have been on the scene, by for that time, said he later decided that as a matter of fact a Major from Kirkland and a Sergeant "back east" were waiting for him in the hall outside, but Lt. Lorenzen didn't down to the dispatcher's office.
On the way they met Mr. L. talking to an Air Force Sergeant whom he instructed as SSgt Moody of WAFB and told Zamora and the Major that the UFO situation briefing. The Major did not participate.
Moody did not seem to be familiar with current UFO sightings and Mrs. L. related some of the more interesting incidents with Zamora. He seemed to be a little embarrassed. Later, Mrs. Lorensen, who had not participated in the first part of the discussion, was told about it by the Major who chatted with Chavez. 
When Mr. L. left Mrs. L. to look for Chavez, he saw the Air men in the hall stopped and instructed Britten to leave because they had no reason for being there. They discussed that he had found out that the Major had been notified by his superior by the incident and seen why he was there. Moody mentioned a a paper half-dazed and smart-alec observer. When Moody mentioned a Ground who had claimed "contact" and names written in book as well as conversation generally considered to be "fanciful" of the UFO field. In Rosario, a research group cut its heads to the effects. Lorensen. She's a nut. 
Mr. Lorensen to simply. "She's my wife." It was apparent that Moody had a nervous and turned to Major Connors and said, "She's a wife and the we've said to Mr. L. looked the remarks as he was enjoying the AF men's discomfort. Immediately, they were making valuable observation on this personally characteristics incident.