The image appears to be a newspaper article from the El Paso Herald-Post newspaper, with the headline "N.M. Sky Objects Puzzle to Expert". There is no photograph included in this particular page of the document.

The text from the document is as follows:

"'Saucer' Scares E.P. Woman
(Continued from Page One)
"She said the flying object looked like a saucer plate."

"TIM REALLY SURPRISED
"I never expected to see anything like that," she said. "It was the most unusual thing I've ever seen in New Mexico. But I didn't panic. It would just like a plate would spin if you threw it into the air and it floated, but it had a bright light."

"Several small planes were in the air at the time of MRS. Sauceri's sighting, but she said the object she saw was not an airplane."

"N.M. Sky Objects Puzzle to Expert 
(Continued from Page One)
reported objects could be related to new lead-in installations. New Mexico has more than its share of radar installations. My wife said to Hynek, 'We even have more tests this month, things going on all the time.'"

"HYNEK WAS in Socorro yesterday to talk to Socorro policeman Lonnie Zamora who started it all when he said he saw a strange craft land and take off again last Friday."

"Zamora said the object stood still for a while, then rose up and took off swiftly when he approached the object. It seemed to give off a reddish glow."

"Hynek said Zamora is a "level-headed officer" whose report he considers to be serious. But he said, 'He saw something. But does not know what it is.'"

"JIM NAVARRO, an employe at the port of entry in Anthony, New Mexico - Texas, said he saw the object the past two nights."  

"He said it seemed to remain still for a long time, then took off like a fast race car. Navarro said when it took off, it appeared to change size."

"A state policeman said he heard reports from the Air Force that two officers had been dispatched to the area."

"REPORTS from Hobbs and Hatch said many had seen the same object." 

"The Air Force said low-flying jets have been taking pictures day and night in the Albuquerque area and went to Kingman, Ariz. and from Deming west to Casa Grande, Ariz."

"These planes use bright strobe lights that flash off and on, lighting a large area for picture taking."