There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, containing text describing a UFO sighting incident that occurred on April 24th.

RECENT NEWS
NEW YORK (LATER LANDED CRASH LANDED) AND "LITTLE MEN": On April 24th, the sensational recent saucer flap began. The first incident was of one Zamora, a police officer whose identity not even the Air Force could question. As a matter of fact, Patrolman Zamora was vouched for by Dr. Lincoln La Paz, America's foremost authority on meteors, who had known the policeman for a period of several years, 
The account of the incident conflict in some details, but the story supplied to us by NICAP's New York Subcommittee is probably the most accurate, as NICAP's members have contacted Zamora directly. 
Here are the facts: 
At about 5 p.m. Zamora was on duty in his patrol car about a mile north of Socorro, New Mexico, when he suddenly heard a roaring noise. Thinking it might be an explosion or a car blowing up, he stepped on the accelerator of his patrol car and raced to the scene. As he approached the area, Zamora saw an egg-shaped metallic or white object, resting on the ground in a gulley. 
When he got closer, he saw two under-like legs on the side of the craft, facing up- wards, and the bottom of the object was just above a bush which he knew to be about fifteen feet high.  Near the 1970 were two figures, small in stature, like children, and humanoid in form. Zamora could make out no facial details as he said "distance" to them. 
As Zamora got closer, but to a safe distance, the two figures ran toward the craft. Apparently frightened, Zamora related. There were red markings on the side of the craft.  These were apparently letters of some type, but he could make no sense out of them. (According to an alternative version, Zamora saw only the letter "V" with three marks.) As the policeman approached the scene, the figures quickly climbed into the craft, which began to rise, with a tremendous force and a roar, to a height of about 20 feet above the ground. It then moved in a level horizontal flight and eventually disappeared from view. (Our paraphrasing of the NICAP report continues here.)
The latter sent their foremost spokesman, Major Robert V. Pryor, to investigate, along with Dr. and Mrs. Allen Hynek to the scene. Dr. Hynek, an astrophysicist with the Dayton, Ohio. However, by the time Dr. Hynek arrived five days after the incident, the landing site was trampled by many who had rushed to the area. 
But all of the early observations to the spot had noticed a burned area about 150 feet in diameter in the gulley where the object had been resting. There were impressions in the hard desert floor, the legs of the object. There was also something resembling paw marks or heel marks. Hynek talked to Zamora for almost a full day and to other local people. Hynek even had Zamora re-enact the incident, which he admitted being more disturbed than ever. 
Dr. Hynek was without a doubt genuine- ly puzzled. He said that he had not come upon anything similar in his previous investigations for the Air Force. He was bothered by the fact that Zamora, a police officer, had not come forward with some imaginative tale, but had reported, accurately and seriously, what he had witnessed.