The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of United States Air Force files regarding unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

According to the OCR text output:

tempt.
As flickering over this went to fell about it. Now everyone
on behind the scenes, the Senate was waiting for him to come
child turned lu with dy ol "home."
all were suddenly alarmed. Apparently all of the children
D-Minn.. floor manager for the in the area heard Wednesday
measure, predicted the bill will night about the flying objects
pass "unless some unexpected from Mexico before the object
incident" occurs. Sen. Wayne was sighted in Canyon Ferry.
sident Johnson "will accept some A Helena newspaper looks for-
changes." ward to Vigilantes Day parade
Apparently the change in the adminis-tration's stand that the bill must tonight. Residents put on fire
no changes. There had previous-ly been definite indications the crackpot in your bedroom or a
were a receptive to accepting. 15-year-old boy full of imagina-
Sen. John Sherman Cooper. tion.
R-Ky., introduced an amend-ment "They look like gopher
removing from the bill officials holes!" one teen-age girl shriekgd
from automatic jury selection that was parked on a main street in Helena. "You
trials in civil rights cases. know where you see this
The amendment, offered by Sen. flying saucer?"
Herman Talmadge, D-Ga., cov- And you wish you could
ered the one calling for jury trials in really say yes, as you saw
all criminal cases considering "skin something that looked
magic" secret wrinkle-smoothing like where she had looked,
skin lotion on charges that it was Now for a week the reports
"akin to voodoo." have been coming in. Mrs. Julia
"Skin Magic" Seized Robinson, 320 St. Ave. S.W., said she saw an object fly over Helena about 1:30 or 2 p.m. "I though WASHINGTON (AP)—The it was what is that crazy thing."
Food and Drug Administration announced Thursday seizure of a Sightings of unidentified fly-"skin magic" secret wrinkle-smoothing ing objects in the Great Falls
skin lotion on charges that it was area have been coming up with
an unapproved application and is frequency for Eleanor Kim Marsh,
being marketed as a false and 3808 9th Ave. S. She said she
fraudulent device. has reported these sightings to the
civil air patrol and the federal
Great Falls Tribune "convince authorities they
Established May 12, 1888 have seen the objects but to no
April 17, 1964 avail. Her first sighting was on
April 28. Since then she has
HELENA, MONT. kept a continuous log of the
By B. D. CEAw sightings of her children and
neighborhood children. Some of
Associated Press Writer them move about in the vicinity
United Press International of the Bell Mountain.

Newsmen are naturally skep-tical, but there's some optimism
in them. Wouldn't it be great
to see a flying saucer.