The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

C.B. DYE REPORT INVESTIGATION OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS PHENOMENA, WASHINGTON, D.C.
MEMORANDUM: On November 10, 1964, I received a report of an unidentified flying object (UF0) observed on November 6, 1964, near Harrisonburg, Virginia. The report was made to the State Police by WILLIAM VHEATLEY, living at Dayton, Virginia, who reported that he had observed a strange object in the sky while driving along Virginia Route 257, about 5 miles north of Harrisonburg. 
WHEATLEY stated that the object was first observed about 7:15 P.H. and that it remained in view for approximately 7 minutes. He described the object as round or oval in shape, about the size of a basketball, and glowing with a brilliant blue-white light. According to WHEATLEY, the object hovered motionless for a short time, then accelerated at a terrific speed and disappeared from sight. 
WHEATLEY stated that there were no other known aircraft in the area at the time and that the object was not accompanied by any sound. He stated that he was positive the object was not a conventional aircraft, helicopter, or any other known flying object.
About two hours later, WHEATLEY reported the incident to the local state police, who in turn reported it to the Air Force Office of Special Investigations (OSI) at Langley Air Force Base, Virginia. OSI then contacted the investigator, ROBERT PRATT, of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), Washington, D.C., who subsequently contacted me regarding the incident.
I immediately went to the reported sighting area to conduct an on-the-spot investigation. This was 3 days after the reported sighting. Although it was the gathering of physical evidence that was the primary objective of the investigation, the fact that 3 days had elapsed since the sighting made it very difficult to do so. However, a careful search of the area was made, and a few interesting points were noted:
1. There was a blackened area about 10 feet in diameter on the ground at the approximate location where the object was reported to have been hovering. This blackened area was not present prior to the sighting, according to WHEATLEY.
2. The visitor from outer space was reported to have been observed for about 7 minutes, during which time it hovered motionless for a short period, then accelerated at a terrific speed and disappeared. It was estimated to be about the size of a basketball.
3. WHEATLEY stated that when the object first appeared, it was about 150 to 200 yards distant and about 50 feet off the ground. It then moved closer to him, to a distance of about 75 yards, before speeding away.
4. WHEATLEY was positive the object was not a conventional aircraft, helicopter, or any other known flying object.
PRATT informed me that he had interviewed WHEATLEY in detail and that WHEATLEY appeared to be a credible witness. WHEATLEY is a mature, responsible individual who has had no history of mental illness or any other condition that would in any way detract from the credibility of his statement.
This was 3 days after the UFO had briefly rested there. I could not be more definitive in my analysis, as the blackened area was the only physical evidence that remained and it was not possible to make a detailed scientific examination of it at that late date. However, the blackened area did seem to corroborate WHEATLEY'S report that something unusual had occurred at that location.
In summary, this appears to be another incident of an unidentified flying object being sighted and reported by a credible witness. While there is no conclusive proof, the physical evidence noted and the apparent credibility of the witness lend support to the belief that something unusual did occur. We hope any such will make the very unusual clear.