There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The document seems to be a typed report containing descriptive text about observed objects. I will now proceed to transcribe the text found in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

REPORT NO. 417-64
PAGE 6
ORIGINATOR
HEADQUARTERS AFB GA

CONTINUATION SHEET

(5) Weather balloons in Area:  Weather balloons are normally released at Athens Ga, Montgomery Ala, and Jacksonvile Fla, up to 1200 hours, Eastern Standard Time. NO balloons are released at the Macon Municipal Airport. Mr. DeGroot explained that it is not likely any of the balloons released from the three locations designated in this direction.

2a. Description of two objects observed a few moments after the first object:
(1) Shape:  Star like
(2) Size compared to a known object:  About size of a ball point pen
(3) Color:  Color was like a star, one object was bright and the other was dim.
(4) Numbers:  Two (2)
(5) Formation, if more than one:  No discernible formation. The bright object was approximately 24 inches below the dim one.
(6) Any discernible features or details:  None
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): No tail, trail, or exhaust.
(8) Sound: if heard, describe sound:  No sound heard.
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features:  None.

b. Description of course of object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?  Attention was first drawn to the area of these two objects by action of first object sighted.
(2) Attention attracted to the two objects because they were moving.
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed:  At about 45 degrees to 50 degrees above the horizon between the "Little Dipper" and the "Morning Star".
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of objects upon disappearance: Objects were still visible and active when witnesses went indoors at about 2345z, 6 Sep 64.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of objects:  Up and down and side to side for a distance of about 15 inches in a pattern like the letter "W".

DD FORM 1396c