There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document.

SUPPORTING EVIDENCE:
They went up on the hill later that week to investigate, but found nothing. 
I checked various establishments located around the area, but there is no mention of any photograph or image on this page.
The page contains text describing various details related to a UFO sighting, but does not include any visual elements.

OCR OUTPUT:
They went up on the hill later that week to investigate, but found nothing. 
SUPPORTING EVIDENCE:
I checked various establishments located around the area. Lyons hospital on the opposite side of the hill from my home, where my brother works, and a telephone operator told me that they had found no evidence that any sighting had taken place. The manager of the local radio station said that he had received no telephone calls or reports of any unusual activity that night and the night watchman at the telephone company told me that he had seen nothing to report.
SPECIAL ITEMS OF INTEREST:
1. The presence of an electrical tower station has attracted a lively controversy as to why they may have observed it.
2. The sighting of a similar UFO is an item of great interest among the neighbors and local officials, and some of them said it looked like a falling star. However, one witness observed it to make a 90 degree turn, which could not have been a meteor or satellite as he had at first suspected. (Since the UFO sighting, the observer agrees with the Air Force contention that the object could have been something more prosaic, like a reflection, but he is not sure of it).
CHARACTER OF WITNESS:
1. I get the immediate impression when I talked with him that he is telling the truth as he knows it. You could see that he was trying his best to give an honest account in his own words as he saw it.
2. My brother works with a supervisor friend who has had a similar approach character recollected.
AREA UFO CHECKPOINTS:
Hanscom AFB, Bedford, Mass. - Negative regarding satellites.
Smithsonian Astrophysical Institute - Satellites, Meteors, Balloons.
Sky Life Advertising Plans - I checked with the manager whom I have called and he says there were no weather balloons released with his permission on that night.