There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Report to NICAP

Woody said, "This is an unusual sighting.  It's not routine.  If it was routine, I wouldn't be calling you."

As the new six of us walked into the field, still covered with four inches of snow, he said there was no little gratification to me to see the group exactly to the north of the circle, all together, looking as if discussing something. I noticed Bums and Horner at the time. It was now 8:20 p.m. when Horrace Burns and I had been near the place at the same time, after seeing the light in the east.  According to the analysis of the data presented, a real startling observation was gathered as follows:
The persons gathered apparently first saw something through the trees, which was seen floating 10-15 feet above the ground. It was very bright and appeared round or oval. It also was said to give off a glow, or some phosphorescence material. As the object started to rise, Woody said that the upper part seemed to open or spread out, with a definite light inside. When the object started to move again, the light seemed to diminish, and it then shot straight up in the air, with just a faint glow around the edges. Woody stated that during the entire observation, there was not the slightest sound. The object was in view for about a minute and a half.  

As the observers watched the object through binoculars, they noted that as it started to move, the glow was "dimming down" and when it shot straight up, there was less light around the edges. Woody said that as the object went higher, it appeared to be getting smaller and the light seemed to be diminishing. He stated that at least three persons who were there, including himself, could easily distinguish the details described. The shape was constantly oval or round, with no apparent protrusions or appendages. The color was described as a bright, dazzling white, with a slight bluish cast at times.  According to Horrace Burns, the main body of the object was from 50 to 60 feet in diameter, when observed at its closest, and the surrounding glow or halo was 12 to 15 feet across.

In view of all these facts, when it is reported that the air force had decided there had been no similar sightings in this area, it must be concluded that this sighting would constitute an unusual and probably inexplainable aerial phenomenon. It is the view of those present that a vehicle of this size would be clearly detected and identified by any competent observer, and the description given by these reliable witnesses would not be consistent with any known aircraft or space vehicle at this time. The presents both seemed substantially impressed by what they saw and did not seem to have any difficulty in clearly recounting the details.

Apparently the honest, straightforward, detailed testimony by Horrace Burns and its effect on the motor of his car, and my testimony supported by two reliable observers and confirmed by the investigating officers, would constitute evidence that there was something here that does not seem to be explainable on the basis of any information so far considered.

In view of the fact that the three main individuals concerned, and the 6 inches of snow and 2.3 inches of rain) exactly 1 inch per hour, there would be a total precipitation (3.7 inches of rain, 2.3 inches of snow water) exactly 1 inch per hour, there would be a total precipitation (3.7 inches of rain, 2.3 inches of snow water) exactly 1 inch per hour.

CONCLUSION: It is believed that a vehicle of this size would be clearly detected and identified by any competent observer, and the description given by these reliable witnesses would not be consistent with any known aircraft or space vehicle at this time. Apparently the honest, straightforward, detailed testimony by Horrace Burns and its effect on the motor of his car, and my testimony supported by two reliable observers and confirmed by the investigating officers, would constitute evidence that there was something here that does not seem to be explainable on the basis of any information so far considered.