There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text about a UFO sighting report.

Extracting the text from the document:

REPORT FROM THE COMMANDING ONALARY, ASSISTANT INVESTIGATOR, UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
for enquiring book place.
at Lansing to 3.3S.6G". Both then have agreed to cooperate further investigations.
one of the calls associated with the night of the apparency was from a farmer in Grand Ledge, who called the officer mentioned asking that his having made an emergency landing the house next to the old one now occupied.
A report was 2 miles from the scene was dispatched, but before it arrived the farmhouse where none was not obtained, said that the object was going the investigating officer described nothing unusual to this object was not located. the farmer may be difficult to discover. The farmer said the object was flashing like a distant light. 15 feet in diameter. The farmer officer clearly believes the man to be "mistaken".
I could do over the telephone. One involves two men coming home from the night shift (apparently) at Oldsmobile, and near (address) (address) The two men were in a car noticed that something was wrong with the siren - (time is wrong) and saw an object that looked like a shooting star going behind the house. It made (or something made) a sufficiently impressive noise that the people who jumped out of bed, thinking that there must have been an accident here.
Between phone calls to (address) and (address) on Saturday morning, I received an unidentified call from a reporter, Dick Fracker of the Lansing State Journal, who was trying to find out if my castle was investigating, and who had another report which came in just after I had started my investigation Friday night. A man, (name) of (address), Lansing, saw three objects at 9:00, 9:15, and 9:30 which hovered and which were described through binoculars to be about the size of a basketball and they made no noise and they did disappear. Some neighbors who also saw them witness. The object was described so regularly defined with many little lights on its underside. It was felt that there could be a relaunch a secret project which the public as yet unknown.