This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. The text is a report discussing UFO sightings, particularly in the state of Arizona. It mentions three UFO landings in the state and describes the objects that were sighted. The report also discusses the activities of the APRO (Aerial Phenomena Research Organization) and their investigations into UFO reports. The text does not identify any individuals but rather focuses on the details of the UFO sightings and investigations.

UFO LANDS AT AIR FORCE BASE

SINCE THE August issue of
FATE was printed there were
three UFO landings in the state of
Arizona, the most significant near
highways or roads. Colorado,
Wyoming and Montana have ex-
perienced similar visitation.

The thread of continuity which
runs throughout the fabric of the
Spring 1964 sightings consists of
major features:

The objects which landed or
hovered did so on straight lines on
the map.

They landed in areas where
eventually they would be seen, but
where they would be inaccessible
and, therefore, safe.

Of all the sightings gathered by
APRO since April 26 there have
been only three of the "explana-
tions" not located on previously establish-
ished straight lines.

EPORTS CURRENTLY are
coming into APRO's office
from around the United States as
well as the Fiji Islands and Aus-
tralia. It looks like they are just
"opening" for what may be ahead.

The Spring 1964 impresses
me as the intelligence community car-
ried out by the occupants of the
UFOs, either to show themselves, or
preparatory to closer contact in the
future or to find out the effect
such contact would have on hu-
mans or how much we are already sus-
pect.

The press and TV and radio
work very well and serve to feed
the most part, silent about UFOs
or adhering to the prescribed "there
ain't no such thing" party-line of
officialdom since 1952. Perhaps
the UFO occupants have made a
number of landings in places where
they would be certain to be ob-
served, then retired to a safe place
to monitor local TV and radio in
order to learn the effects of their
visits on the natives.

A similar operation took place
over a geographically similar area,
with comparatively sparse popula-
tion, in northeast Brazil on May
13, 1960, just a few months before
Mars and Earth made a close pass
in space.

Mars and Earth will be close
again in March, 1965.

ECAUSE OF the establishment
of a straight-line pattern in
the civilian sightings of UFOs in
the Southwest in April and early
May (see August FATE) I decided
to see whether the estimated loca-
tion of the April 30 landing at Hol-
loman Air Force Base, where a mo-
tion picture was drawn from Socorro,
N. Mex., where a mo-
torist observed a bright object

coming down the next day, inter-
sects the Holloman Range near
Stallion Site, as well as Highway
380, north of the site, near San
Antonio. Another line found
Mountain through Albuquerque,
Rock Springs, Wyo., and Canyon
Ferry, Mont., also intersects the
North Range. The possibility
is the line running from Las
Cruces through Edgewood, La Mes-
illa, Alamos, Colo., to Cheyenne,
Wyo., and of which locations
of sighted UFOs. However, we can-
not assure the Holloman landing
falls on one of the lines, but can
only reiterate that three of the pre-
viously established orthogonal lines
do intersect the north Holloman
Range section.

The interesting thing about these
four new sighting lines (and there
may be more, of course) is that
the UFOs were seen on a military
base during the time (from April
30 onward!) that military represen-
tatives were busily debriefing various
civilian sightings of similar objects
as misinterpretations of conven-
tional objects or hoaxes. I believe
this series of sightings, demon-
strates that the Air Force program
is merely an attempt to explain
away the UFOs, and the really seri-
ous work of evaluation, correla-
tion, etc., is being done elsewhere.

The Air Force's official statement
that it was "unfortunate that only
one witness reported the Socorro

object, and that no photos were ob-
tained" is clearly an attempt to dis-
credit the Socorro sighting on the
basis of the lack of corroborating
witnesses. The Air Force has immed-
iately was put into an embarrassing
position since Dr. Lincoln La Paz,
a noted meteorologist who knows
Zamora personally, endorsed its
integrity and reliability.

It was during any investigation
of the New Mexico flap that I
learned of the existence of an agency
called the "UFO Board," comprised
of military and civilian scientists,
to whom the reports go for evalu-
ation and study.

AF Regulation 200-2, much quot-
ed among UFO enthusiasts, in-
structs local UFO officers on how
to investigate a UFO sighting, and
serves as a guide for public in-
formation of officers concerning what
can or cannot be said about a
given incident. If an object can be
explained a public statement can
be made; if it is inexplainable in
conventional terms no public state-
ment will be forthcoming.

The Navy and the Air Force,
however, have no unclassifed, public
regulations about how UFO inci-
dents should be handled, and these
services do not make public state-
ments about any UFO incidents.
One of the people at the Wright
Air Development Center UFO Pro-
ject recently told an AFRO mem-