There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed text document, possibly a report or record, related to a UFO sighting investigation.

the sighting took place at (12:10 to 12:15). Both men have agreed to cooperate in any detailed investigation.
One of the calls associated with the night of the emergency run previously mentioned was from a farmer in Grand Ledge, who called the police department with a report that he had seen a flying saucer land and take off again.
A police car 5 miles from the scene was dispatched, but before it arrived the farmer, whose name was not obtained, said that the object was gone; the investigation produced nothing unusual, so the sighting was not logged in the records of the farmer may be difficult to discover. The farmer said the object was blurred and was 15 feet in diameter. The police officer clearly believes the man to be "mistaken".
There are several more reports which need to be straightened out better then I could do over the telephone. One involves two men coming home from the night shift (apparently) at Oldsmobile, and a strange noise ( apparently not the siren - time is wrong) and saw an object that looked like a shooting star going behind the house. It made ( or something made) a sufficiently impressive noise that the man's wife jumped out of bed, terrified, the sound having awakened her.
Between phone calls to and from on Saturday morning, I received an unsolicited call from a reporter, of the Lansing State-Journal, who was trying to find out if my calls of the night before were legitimate, and who had another report which came in just after our operations Friday night. Mrs. Rd., Lansing, saw three objects as 9:00, 9:45, and 11:00 PM on the 20th, at least one of which showed shape ( outline, not point source) and which was observed through binoculars. Mrs. husband also saw the objects and he called some neighbors who also were witnesses. One object was described as roughly circular with many little white lights on its underside. Mrs. did not report until she heard of other reports, for fear she would be called crazy.