The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I have extracted the following text from the document:

CORTLAND, N.Y.
February 23, 1965

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern Univ.
Evanston, Illinois 60201

Dear Dr. Hynek,

Apparently our minds were operating on the same wave length last week, because of the time delay your letter of February 10th, I was in the process of assembling the sketches and data and putting them together in a presentable form. I was honored to receive your telephone call and was pleased to discuss the sighting with you. I have re-read my letter to you for the first time since it was sent and realize that I contradicted myself in some of the details.

One point is that the jet trails actually appeared from west to east as stated in the letter and not vice-versa as I had stated in my telephone conversation. Since our conversation I have returned to the location of the sighting and as nearly as I can remember it to be find that the tail of the object was actually nearer the south of Skaneateles Lake and not very far as I stated to you. I further had also forgotten that I had mailed a copy of my letter to you to Stephen R. Killian of Sciota, 1955, whose essay is UFOe. However, I never heard from him and the copy I sent him was doubtless in our dead paper. Other than that I have discussed this matter only with close friends.

It is a strange what details one can forget in six months time and you caught me at a very busy time in my office so that my recall was not too quick on the matters we discussed. I am enclosing herewith seven prints of the sighting which my wife assisted me just description of the same and I intend to return to the location to have photographs made for your reference.

In the event there is anything further wherein I can be of assistance to you in your research of similar situations, kindly advise and I will be very happy to do so. Thanking you very much for your interest herein, I remain,

Sincerely yours,

[Signature]

Enclosures: 3
Near Ht. 88