The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

"Flight operations for the past week at Lansing, Michigan, indicated normal operations with no sightings of unusual aircraft that could be considered as unidentified flying objects (UFOs). No reports were made to the Lansing air traffic control tower of sightings of unusual objects flying over the Lansing area. Weather data was obtained for 13 June and used in the investigation.

The investigation with the air traffic control tower at Lansing revealed that many calls are received by the tower relating to aircraft. The investigation indicates that the observations by persons have been found to be one of the following in terms of a known aircraft, weather phenomena, or some other explainable source. The Lansing City Airport has an unobstructed view of the sky, and the reported activity of the control tower would indicate that any unusual aerial activity would likely be reported.

At 2300 on 15 June Sgt Moody returned to the motel.

On the morning of 15 June Sgt Moody proceeded from East Lansing, Michigan to East Lansing to the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. Sgt Moody has a driver's license, and attended the University of Michigan on that date. He was in East Lansing and Ann Arbor on official business. The information on these flights were located. Mr. Lee Evans was the person who had reported the sightings. He also was engaged in photo activity. Mr Lee Evans at this corporation was contacted by telephone and his qualifications and background were obtained. His company has such projects under current operations; one in Puerto Rico, one in Florida, and one in North Carolina on Project Space. This company also appears to contract for government agencies. It is indicated that Frank Lodge of Pontiac, Michigan, phone TE 2-2843, OX 7-3837, was engaged in taking 8 mm movies of such activities, and there are possible that Mr Lodge might have been flying infrared photo missions for some other individual."