The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report from the Department of Defense Intelligence Information on a UFO sighting.

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION: REPORT 
REPORT NO. 417-64
PAGE 1 OF 1 
ORIGINATOR SLED
ROBERTS AFB GA
(Classification and Control Markings)

(5) How did the objects disappear? Faded out in place at daybreak.
(6) How long were the objects visible? About two (2) hours.  

a. Manner of Observation:
(1) How observed: Ground visual
(2) Use of Optical aids: NO.

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group sighting: 0445 hours Eastern Standard Time) 04552 to 0645Z, 6 Sep 64. (0245 to 0545 hours Eastern Standard Time)
(2) Light Conditions: Night time to daybreak.

e. Location of Observers: In the yard at Macon GA. which is located in the Southwest part of Macon GA.

f. Identifying Information on Observers: As previously reported. 

g. Weather and Winds: As previously reported.

3. Aircraft in the area during time of sightings: Mr. Fahr, Base Operations (WBFD), Robins AFB Ga., reported that at 0806Z hours, 6 Sep 64, a Capital Airline Argony Aircraft departed in a Northwest direction from Runway Nr. 32, Robins AFB Ga., enroute to Mobile Ala. There was no other aircraft reported in or around the Macon Ga. area.

4. Any other activity or condition which might account for the sightings: Mr. James D. Mason, Civilian Policeman, Security and Law Enforcement Division, Robins AFB Ga., reported that while on duty as a policeman at Post Nr. 13, near the west boundary of Robins AFB Ga., at about 0330 hours (0330 hours Eastern Standard Time), 6 Sep 64, he observed what appeared to be a shooting star move from north to south-east for a distance of approximately 36 inches and then burn out in approximately the same area as where unidentified flying objects were allegedly observed.

5. No physical evidence was obtained during these sightings.

6. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s): Lt. Loyde Z. Wethington, 0343-63, Civilian Policeman, Asst. Chief Captain, Security and Law Enforcement Division, Robins AFB Ga. Based on information reported by Policeman Mason, the first object sighted by witnesses may have been the shooting star which burned out in the yard at Macon Ga.