The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter from the Department of the Air Force, Office of the Secretary, United States Air Force, addressed to Major Maston M. Jacks.

The text of the document is as follows:

13 Friend Court,
Waltham, Massachusetts
13 October 1964

SAF-OIPB
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force

Attention: Major Maston M. Jacks

Dear Major Jacks:

Thank you for your letter of 14 October 1964 in response to one of several that I wrote to the Director of Project Blue Book concerning the UFO sightings on 9 September 1964 in the Boston, Massachusetts, area. These matters are concerning the experiences of a friend of mine, and his friend was a searchlight or spotlight, and I am supplying the following information.

One of my initial questions to Mr. Washer was whether a searchlight or close-by light was what he might have witnessed over Boston and such a light could have performed the maneuvers he described. Only the "bottom" of the object was viewed, and it was solid, flat, and flying below the cloud base. Only the "bottom" of the object was viewed, and it was solid, flat, and flying below the cloud base.

The answer to the search light consideration was negative, as the object in question was over the Charles River towards Boston and the apparent and disappearance of the object was too rapid to have been caused by a searchlight, and it was a more positive sighting than could be caused by a searchlight. There was also a negative reaction to the suggestion that it could have been an advertising plane, as the object made a much sharper turn than any aircraft could perform. I merely pass on these details as they concern the experience of this friend of mine, and I am seeking clarification and trying to resolve his experience, which was startling and resulted in some personal reflection on the event.

For some reason, there has been a delay in UFO sightings in this area, and the Air Force has been rather inactive in following up on these sightings. As soon as I have any further information, I will be in touch with you. If there is anything further I can do to assist you in this matter, please let me know.

Sincerely,
[Signature]