The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University dated February 23, 1955.

The text of the document reads as follows:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY 
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

23 February 1955

M/Sgt. Hector Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division
Box 5466
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

I am enclosing a toasted copy of a AFPR0 bulletin. Please notice the reported Air Force secrecy, and I feel that it would be very wise to track this one down but things like this are All possible. Apparently there was some conversation between the bomber pilot and the tower which the radio amateur accidentally overheard, but nothing like radio, and the very beginning, I gives at this late date, but at the very least, the radio amateur and the newspaper reporter should be contacted to see just what was the original stimulus was.

I am also enclosing a toasted copy of a note from Mr. English. He was the one who reported the Toledo case which was rather similar to the Montecello case, which I rode to do some studying and since Reference 18 August 1954, 200 miles east of Dover (Atlantic), would it be possible to get the names of the crew members concerned? I would like to write to them and have them give us a completely independent estimate of what they saw. It appears that these people were between two cloud decks and may an object descending and a relatively stationary balloon which they were overtaking and passed. Since everything over the Atlantic is carefully checked by radar, I would be very interested to know if their radar showed anything at the same time and also whether they ever saw it to the rear of the plane.

Last Sunday I took occasion while lecturing around to call this German professor at the Eastern Mennonite College in Harrisonburg, Virginia. This is the case of the college custodian who claimed various invitations to come into the college from the sideband "saucers". He told me how the object which he said was a bright blue color, some feet in diameter, and how it came up from the ground and hovered about him, and eventually shot up and disappeared. I would ask you if you could find out from the ONI report file or other authoritative sources, what is known about this incident, since it seems to be one of the relatively few cases where apparently something has been seen on the ground, and also to ascertain if the college custodian, who is obviously a wholly reliable person, could be located and interviewed by someone from the Air Force in order to get a first-hand account.