The image contains a photograph of a young girl, Sharon Stull, who is said to have been burned while watching a UFO in Socorro, New Mexico. The text indicates that Sharon was treated at the Socorro General Hospital and was kept home today with her blindfolded eyes and blistered face and eyes.

SOCORRO N M
24 APR 1964

GIRL SAYS SHE WAS BURNED WHILE WATCHING UFO HERE
SOCORRO - Over unidentified flying objects continued at a high pace here today.
A 12-year-old girl said she was burned while watching a UFO yesterday afternoon.
Sharon Stull was burned on her face, arms and head when a flying object approached here and two mysterious objects appeared in the sky, according to reports.
The series of incidents started when a policeman reported seeing a brilliant object in the sky. Socorro UFO experts from the University of the county say there have been no other reports of the severity of the incident like that of Sharon Stull.
A doctor said the girl had some inflammation of the eyes and face, both of which were reddened. The inflammation was said to be consistent with sunburn.
"The man explained he had never seen anything like this and did the best he could for treatment," her doctor said. "It obviously was not a normal burn."
Sharon was treated at the Socorro General Hospital last night and was kept at home today with her blindfolded eyes and blistered face and eyes.
"One official" said "it would be possible in some cases to be blinded if they look directly at a UFO for too long. Sharon may have looked directly at the object as she said she did."
Trucks draw as Napoleon.
Two other children also glanced at the object, but were not seriously affected, it was said.
Sharon's doctor said he was "concerned about the condition of her eyes" and was hoping the burns would not scar.
Federal Aviation Agency officials said they have seen nothing unusual in the sky or on their radar screens. Air planes appear only as small dots on the screens, and is possibly a UFO could be distinguished from an airplane on radar.