The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

I had sufficient time for observation to determine that the object was not a paper, plastic or aluminum shape or other thermal nor that it was an aircraft canopy. The observation indicates that it was maintaining its orientation in space. Its course was parallel to the main axis of the ellipsoid - this destroyed my initial hypothesis that it was a sea-gull in thermal. A viewing of it is sketched in below:

The dotted line is a suggestion of an edge or something and was in the position shown. It was not of great contrast to the rest. Generally the small visual angle of the object and the brightness of the light reflecting on the contours was such that detail was difficult to determine. The quality of the light was of the same quality as the bottom of an aircraft, but I saw a distinct trail over a few minutes before the sighting with the same brilliant white reflected and had similarity in trying to pick out engine pods.

There was no smoke trail from the object, nor did I hear any unusual sound. There was somewhere within the usual range a reciprocating engined aircraft which I didn't see, but which was the cause of some of my looking up.

Three Fairchild military transport planes for formation over Woburn passing probably over Woburn Mass turning left in an easy climb before the sighting. They were out of aural range but plainly identifiable under the clouds - this should give an idea of the visibility at the time.

My qualifications as an observer are as follows: 200 hours as a pilot AFSC 11451 license, college graduate, holder of a series of jobs in armament research and development. I also spent three and a half years in Iran as a satellite observer for Smithsonian Institution/NASA. We were operating there an optical tracking station equipped with a standard baker-Nunn tracking camera. I am presently with a standard Baker-Nunn tracking camera. My eyesight, last tested in a rough test was 20-20.

I am available (after Thursday, June 4) by telephone:

Sincerely,