There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing only handwritten text.

OCR Output:

14 November 1954

Chicago, Illinois

Dear Mr. --- ----,

Your letter of 6 November has been received and read with much interest. I can well understand your concern and desire for some reasonable explanation for it. But there are some things which I cannot find it possible to talk about through the mails, particularly those relating to the strange experience you had. It raises many questions in my mind which I would like to discuss with you, but I shall not be able to do so through correspondence.

The facts that you relate seem so fantastic and incredible that it is hard to know what to make of them. Yet I find it hard to believe they are completely without foundation. In a sense, your experience has been a subjective one, and it is difficult objectively to evaluate such occurrences. I can only say that based on reports which have come to me in the past, I am not surprised at the general nature of your story. There have been many similar experiences, and I would be inclined to believe that there is somethin g to this business that needs looking into. At the same time, I must confess that I am puzzled and perplexed as to the real significance of it all, and I cannot pretend to have any final answers.

As I see it, the important thing is not to let your own experience daunt or discourage you. I think you should continue to ponder it and seek such light as you can find. Do not be too quick to interpret it, and do not be afraid to admit that there are many things we do not understand. The frontiers of knowledge are constantly being expanded, and strange and unexpected things are continually being discovered. Perhaps the experience which you have had represents another step in the direction of expanding human understanding. In any case, I would be deeply interested to learn more about it, and I should be glad if we could discuss it further some time when I am in your vicinity. I would be particularly interested to know whether you have had any additional experiences of a similar nature.

As for any visual records or other tangible evidence that may have resulted from your experience, I can well understand your reluctance to make these available to others. Discretion is certainly called for in such matters, and I would not wish to pry into things that you feel should be kept private. At the same time, I can assure you that if there were any way in which such material could contribute to a better understanding of the whole problem, I would be most interested in examining it under conditions of strict confidentiality. But I leave that entirely to your own judgment.

I hope you will feel free to write to me again, and I shall do my best to be of whatever assistance I can. In the meantime, I would urge you to continue your own reflections and investigations, but without undue haste or dogmatism. There is much here that is obscure and puzzling, and we must be prepared to approach it with an open mind and with a full recognition of the limits of our present knowledge.

With kind regards,

Sincerely yours,