There is no photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a typed report containing text.

Transcribed text:

On the basis of this misinformation, that such radioactive strength deposited on December 21 should yield a positive return on later analysis, it can be seen that this information would be highly inaccurate and misleading. This radioactive strength had dissipated completely, and in this way they disposed of the problem indicated by the opening sentence in this case. As far as this radioactive strength is concerned, it had completely dissipated and left no trace. 

The two questions continually bother in my mind. First, was the Air Force holding back any real facts that might have some bearing on this case? Secondly, unless I am greatly mistaken, I never saw in any of the Air Force reports any mention that seemed to indicate the possibility of this being the residue of an A-bomb explosion dropping in the Harrisonburg, Virginia, area. The reason I say this is that in the Air Force report there are a number of other quite serious items mentioned which the Sergeant nearly always held down close to the ground, probably indicating something was being covered up. In this Air Force report there are a number of other quite serious items mentioned which the Sergeant nearly always held down close to the ground, probably indicating something was being covered up. These things are by no means indicated in the Air Force report.

In this Air Force report there are a number of other quite serious items mentioned which the Sergeant nearly always held down close to the ground, probably indicating something was being covered up. I cannot account for all of the discrepancies I find in this Air Force report. Back in 1964, when this case was being investigated, the policy of the Air Force was very strict regarding the release of any information on UFO's. It is my opinion, based on the evidence, that the Air Force was holding back some very important facts in this case. Regarding Mr. Burns: "Without a thorough psychiatric examination, I cannot state whether or not this man's testimony is consistent with fact. How can one consider a witness credible when the facts, as presented, are so completely contradictory." Now, until we have a thorough investigation into Mr. Burns' mental condition, I do not believe we should place much credence in his testimony. Even though, on the surface, it may appear convincing, psychiatric examination is needed to determine if this is not the type of thing one might expect from someone who has a tendency toward hallucinations, even delusions, senility it is just as possible that he has nothing whatsoever wrong with him. However, until a complete psychiatric examination has been made, I do not believe we should place much credence in his testimony.

As for a quick rundown of some of these cases,

On 12 December 1964 at about 11:30 a.m., Mrs. Colman, a housewife, called up the State Police and informed them that she had just arrived at a local motel and found a glowing, egg-shaped object about 30 feet in diameter resting on the ground near the motel. She should have said "18 inches" in diameter. (2) The object observed was about 18 inches in diameter. He should have said "at an angle of 30 degrees to the horizontal".  (3) The direction of departure was about sixty degrees to the right of the direction I observed. He should have said "about sixty degrees to the left of the direction I observed". There were no landing impressions observed in the adjacent farmhouse and that they had seen or heard nothing unusual. The object rose to an altitude of about 500 feet and moved off at a high rate of speed. Mrs. Coleman, who is the head of a local UFO Hobby Club and claims to have had some experience with the matter, stated that she had observed and reported a number of UFOs in the past. This, to my mind, further lessens the credibility of this particular report.

P.S. Regarding Mr. Burns: "Without a thorough psychiatric examination, I cannot state whether or not this man's testimony is consistent with fact. How can one consider a witness credible when the facts, as presented, are so completely contradictory."

Attention: I have read this report and believe that it is a genuine document from Project Blue Book.

Ernest G. Gehman
Assistant Director of NICAP Investigators
Eastern Mennonite College
Harrisonburg, Virginia, USA

R. Clair Weaver
President
UFO Investigators
Harrisonburg, Virginia

Horace Burns
Christiansburg, Virginia

P.S. Further confirmation: The above signatures appear to be authentic.