The image appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this particular page. 

Produced text:
No Case: Information Only
Source: BLUE BOOK, VOL. 2, p. 1
Date: ELECTION NIGHT JITTERS

The double feature fighting of the same or similar object was observed by seven people. First, as the object came toward the home of the young Leidigons, as observed by five persons. Just at the moment the object seemed to be over the home it appeared to suddenly change its shape and turn or twist completely around. The girls and Mrs. Leidigon watched this shape change for about 5 seconds before the object moved on. 

The object, according to their story, had suddenly changed in shape from a round, glowing ball to a rectangular or cubical appearance. 
Then, about 30 minutes later the same or a similar object was seen by two other persons moving in the same general direction the first had gone. 

The girls claim that for a brief second or two before the change, the shape was not necessarily symmetrical. Nancy said as it turned and changed in shape, it appeared to have some kind of opening or orifice on one side, but she was not sure.

It is reported that the width of the object corresponded to the width of the Leidigon house which is about 40 feet wide.

The flight was illuminated by a glow around the object, Nancy said, and there was no attached or protruding parts visible. The night was clear and there was no wind.

The next morning, the girls decided to look around where the phenomenon had been observed. They found a circle in the ground, about 40 feet in diameter, where the grass was matted down.

Accompanying the second sighting was an unusual sound that the neighbors describe as short bursts, until 1000 F.M. They said it was a whooshing, sighing sound, with a click.

All the details, times, and sightings were checked by an investigator and found to be apparently authentic. The investigator could find no evidence of a hoax and stated that the girls were normal youngsters who seemed quite upset over their experiences. They were unwilling to be interviewed further. The report states that "there is no apparent reason to disbelieve the reports of these girls." This was considered a very puzzling case by the investigator.