The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an old document with handwritten text. I will now perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document and provide the output below:

Information on:
Source: Interp
November

I may add that both organic and inorganic are present. The chunk of plaster-of-Paris was partially crystalline and rather hard. The above mentioned composition does not fit any form of known crystalline minerology. The specimen will be sent to the Geological Survey for further study. In the meantime, I will continue my own research to determine the nature of this most interesting material.

I have entertained several hypotheses in regard to possible identification of the specimen. One possibility that you picked up some fragments of the former magnetic lines of force was discussed. Another remote possibility was that it represented carbonized and fused material from a meteoritic impact. Perhaps the so-called meteorites that we have periodically had on Earth have had this glass-like fragment as a component. This is so highly speculative that I place very little credence in it. Lodge melaphryes do not normally occur in Oklahoma, to my knowledge. They have been found for years on the surface of the Earth.

These fragments, like the one I have examined, give every evidence of having been subjected to a very high temperature and have been plucked off the outer surface of a meteorite after fusion crust was formed. The fusion crust is not present on these fragments. The color, texture and crystalline structure indicate that they did not originate from a high temperature fusion between the air and the entering meteorite. The fragments are more likely the result of a prior meteoritic impact which involved high temperatures and pressures, resulting in the fusion and crystallization of certain materials.

To my knowledge this is the second occurrence of mysetoidal material showing an unusual crystalline structure, partially fused interior, and exhibiting evidence of having been subjected to intense heat and pressure. The first specimens I examined were in material from the Tunguska event in Siberia back in 1908. At that time, the unusual nature of these Tunguska fragments was not recognized. They were classified simply as unidentified solid material, catalogued, and filed away. It is only recently, in the light of our present knowledge and understanding that these fragments are now recognized as probable impactites resulting from a meteoritic or cometary event.