There is no photograph included in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text only.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
15 November 1954

Major Hector Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division
Box 357
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

As you see from the enclosed copy of the letter to Mr. Case of 9 May 1958, I had quite a long talk with him on the phone, and he was quite impressed by this case and admitted that he was honored that we were spending any time on it at all. 

His story was still very much the same as he gave in the original report. There are some minor changes of the highlights of conversation.

He was most impressed by the oscillating motion of the crescents; he said it was "most peculiar." He was both trembling and perspiring when it was over. I asked him to re-enact the sequence and check it with his watch, and when he did so, he indicated the whole duration was three to five seconds. His original report, I believe (although I don't have it at the moment), said something like twenty seconds, didn't it? He said the experience was very vividly like a photograph planted in his mind, but still finds no explanation. When I asked him what he would put up in the sky to simulate the situation, he said he'd put three moons as seen through a fog as he was particularly impressed by the motion and yet seeming to vanish in the distance. This seems to me very characteristic of an after-image, but I don't know, you try the faster it dances away.

He said he was on the phone within five minutes to the Tribune and the Planetarium and, I believe, he also said to Wright-Patterson. He said the night was exceptionally clear. "One of those once a year nights." As any question of searchlights against a high cirrus is out. He is convinced they were not aircraft, and the objects were apparently of third magnitude. His eyes were dark-adapted.

He said they have mercury lights in the neighborhood, and another possible explanation is that he saw lights reflected from the bottoms of some birds, but I don't particularly like that explanation. He said that as soon as it happened, he "immediately knew he had seen something extraordinary."