I conducted such of the interrogation, and Mr. [redacted] and Mr. [redacted]
took independent notes and made drawings as they went along, to help in
visualizing the situation. Summing up the sighting: we have as follows:

Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] accompanied by her mother and Mrs. [redacted] young
sister, age 12, were leaving Monticello heading westward on County ? for
the town of Argyle just about 9:00 P.M. The time was checked by the fact
that the stores were just closing. The night was quite dark, and they
did not think that the stars or moon were out (The moon was at last quarter).
When they were about one mile west of Monticello, they saw two red blinkers
in about the 11:00-position. Their first reaction was that an accident had
occurred and that these were police cars on a hill in the distance. Almost
immediately, however, they recognized that the lights were too far above ground
level to entertain this hypothesis, particularly as the source of the lights
came closer and began to subtend an appreciable angle. Almost immediately,
they gathered the impression that a string was about to crash and that
they were sure of less on the direct line, even though the object was something
to their left. During this time they were observing through the windshield.
But both of them stated that they rolled down the window left of the driver
to get a better look, stopped the car, and turned off the headlights. At no
time did they leave the car although urged to do so by the other. The
twenty-year-old became very frightened and fell to the floor of the car in
the rear, hiding as much as possible from the apparition. We were told that
she experienced nightmares later that night.

As the object came closer, it apparently slowed down to a hovering
position right alongside of the car but about 150 yards (as near they could
judge) to the left of the road. At this time there were four red lights,
more or less at the vertices of a rectangle and one white light "in front"
of the others. At the closest approach, they gave the impression that there
was a body of minor lights. but the exact number would not be established.