The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image:

WAS IT VENUS?

On the morning hours of August 17, several law enforcement officers in the vicinity of the lat-ter-two counties, southeast of Johnson City, Tennessee, observed a strange phenomena. Radio-communications carried the news, and small aggregations of citizens gathered at different points to observe the strange phenomena.

As Captain Candues, of USIC, and Capt. Davis, of MUS, of McMinnville, Tennessee, the same night of the sightings, informed Capt. Patrick, guard at the Yacht Club docks, showed up the viewing of a strange flying object.

The very brilliant, white object was seen in the eastern sky. It was about 50 degrees above the horizon and appeared to move from south to north and back again, at a fantastic rate of speed. It was visible for 3-10 minutes. They said the object remained stationary, or hovered in one spot for a little while, and then rapidly moved several hundred yards either north or south. The phenomenon was accompanied by peculiar noises somewhat resembling a low frequency humming or buzzing sound.

Summation: The time, direction, duration, description coincides with that of the sighting of the blaze Venus, except that the peculiar noises were not reported in connection with the sighting of the brilliant planetVenus.

(Remaining sighters interviewed by Editor.)

Dep. Sheriff Richard Crum, of Lute County, joined two other officers in observing the object. They said the brilliant white light was as large as a cup (apparent size), it hovered and maneuvered above the treeline to the north for several minutes, then suddenly it seemed to take off at a tremendous speed, disappearing from sight within a few seconds. The same night, Dep. Sheriff Crump was driving east into Johnson City on U.S. 11, and observed a full horizontal blue-white luminous object come a full horizontal distance to the car windshield, then back off and disappear below the horizon.