There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing a "Missouri Fireball" that occurred on September 7, 1964. The text describes the details of the reported sighting, including the time, location, direction of travel, and observations made by the witnesses.

The text found in the document is as follows:

MISSOURI FIREBALL OF 1964 SEPTEMBER 7 
A.M.S. No. 2382

On this date, in the early evening four fireballs were seen from central Missouri, and thanks to Dr. John E. Merrill, Director of Morrison Observatory, and our regional director for Missouri, 10 pages were devoted to describing the fireballs. This was forwarded to Mr. W.L.Webb, Chief, Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, WPAFB. Four people in several locations saw a fireball described as 1 1/2 to 2 times the diameter of the full moon, traveling northeast to southwest at 6:13 p.m., C.S.T. We know that at 4 fireballs started in the northeast as seen by the observers, and that all came from the same direction, though not simultaneously seen.
The path of the fireball was over 100 miles long, starting near the horizon in the northeast and going to a point near the horizon southwest of the observers. The observers were all in the area between longitudes 90°30' and 93°30' and on the north side of It. Based on only 2 or 3 reports, the path was almost N.E. to S.W. and not far from horizontal. The apparent motion as described as extremely rapid, faster than any aircraft. The body of the fireball appeared at times quite spherical at times elongated or irregular in shape, at times emitting sparks, and which drifted in a zig-zag or 8 direction. In about 1 minute the fireball disappeared. This suggests that the object disintegrated. No details as to shape, color or size, other than general estimates given. There were no sound effects reported. No residue or fragments observed. Radio reception was not affected. There are no photographs from this event, even though the beginning point was needed as an accurate cross line to use with 83 reports. Not having this, the size was determined by the attitudes of several intermediate points. A fair observation of the path and track taken can be obtained from the text, though the exact details may be nearly impossible to determine.