The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, but it does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

"At about 0300, 1 June, 1954, Miss _____ and her 10-year-old sister, _____, were studying Martian in the cottage living room when they heard a loud roaring sound. She looked out the front window which was on the east side of the cottage and saw a bright flash of light and a humming sound. The noise gradually ceased, and, after a moment, a bright light reappeared and seemed to shoot back to the cottage. About ten minutes later, she again heard the sound, this time it came from the east, apparently. The noise gradually became louder and louder, sounding like 'motor and lawnmower' and lasted for several seconds, and faded to silence. Mrs. ___ who is a very light sleeper, being unusually, the younger girl dashed into bed with her mother and took no further part in the observations.
The next sound (noise?) part of the object was observed like up brightly as well as the yards bordering it on each side. The noise was now extremely loud, and when she opened the window to look out, it became so loud that she had to cover her ears. Her sister became hysterical and began to water over her head, going north toward the lake. Its lower side was so bright that after five to ten seconds, it began to fade to water. The object went across the lake. She lifted up from where she was and began to water. The object went across the lake. It was difficult to make out any details about the object because its 'circular' motion and its
'impotation of some light projectile on top, possibly
semi-circular', and 'of another projection on the bottom around the light, possibly spherical'. The object seemed to be so more diameter than diameter of the island at the point where it passed over it. It was difficult to make out any details about the shape of the object because its 'circular' motion and its 'rotation' seemed to prevent closeups or "sharp" as it were, but seemed to keep the same face forward. The noise
went off, but only faded out."