The image contains a report page from Project Blue Book with a detailed description of four circular holes found at the Canyon Ferry Reservoir in Montana. The holes are described as being approximately three to four feet in diameter, with no apparent evidence that they were caused by a great weight. Instead, the holes appear to have been crudely dug or scooped out, with the largest hole being approximately sixteen inches wide. The report mentions six alleged eyewitnesses, one of whom was interviewed, and their descriptions of the object as being round or oval-shaped. The lighting of the object is also described, and the report states that the accounts of all the witnesses contained many discrepancies.

OCR output:

COORDINATION AND FILE COPY

SYNOPSIS OF INVESTIGATION REPORT

and approximately three-four feet in diameter. The holes did not
appear to have been caused by great weight. Rather the holes appear-
ed to have been crudely dug or scooped out. At the surface one hole
was twice the size of the smallest hole in diameter. The largest
hole is diameter was approximately sixteen inches wide the smallest
hole being an  approximately five to eight inches.
The holes were located in a straight line and were approximately
five to six feet apart. The holes varied from five to eight inches
in depth. The dirt surrounding the holes was fine and very dry. The
four holes are located on a vacant plot of ground approximately 200
ft. from the base of one of the five witness.

PART II. There were six alleged eye-witnesses, one of
whom was not interviewed at his father's request. The witnesses were
often vague and evasive and their respective stories contained much
side differences as to convince the interrogators that the entire
event was a fanciful hoax. However, not one witness would deviate
from the position that they did see something. Four witnesses
described the object as being round or oval shaped which were the
size and shape locally reported to be having been seen in the locality.
All witnesses were adamant on their description and manner. Four witnesses used the word
"luminous" to describe the lighting of the object. These consistencies 
encies indicated by the witnesses. The accounts of all
witness on their movements immediately after the sighting contained
so many discrepancies as there were witnesses interviewed. Addition-
al analysis of the witnesses' stories more than more than established
this event was a foolish hoax.