The image does not appear to contain any photographs. The text of the document is as follows:

SOCORRO, NEW MEXICO
24 APRIL 1964

was chasing a speeding car north on U.S. 85 at approximately 1745, 24 April 1964, when he heard a roar and saw bluish and orange flames in an area where a dynamic shock was known to be located. He abandoned chase of the auto and proceeded to where he believed an explosion had occurred. After traveling a little-used road and experiencing considerable difficulty in trying to drive his car up a gravel-covered hill, the observer noted what he thought was an overturned car standing on end. At this point he was approximately 800 ft. from the object and his car was at the crest of a hill with the object ahead of him in a gully. He saw two people in white coveralls very close to the object. One of these persons seemed to turn and look straight at the observer's car. This was only time he saw these figures, he did not see them again.
After radioing to Police Headquarters at Socorro that he was proceeding to investigate what he believed to be an auto accident, he drove to a point about 150 ft. from the gully where the object rested and stopped the car to proceed on foot. The object was white, egg or oval-shaped and apparently supported on girderlike legs. All of a sudden there was a roar which continued to become louder and the object then began to rise. As the object was slowly climbing the observer again noted the bluish and orange flame. At this point, the observer believed that the object was about to explode and he became frightened, turned, and ran to shield himself behind the police car, jumping his leg and losing his glasses on the way. As the object said that he crouched down, shielding his eyes with his arm. As the observer glanced up he reported that the object had risen 15 - 20 feet above the ground and there was no longer any noise, smoke nor flames. At this point, the observer spotted a design on the object which he described as markings.