The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

text:
SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for October 24, 1964
FIELDS CHANGE ON METEORITES
Need Not Deform Life
METEORITES need not deform in hitting Earth, contrary to previous belief. Fact is, they can pass through the atmosphere without any distortion at all, says S. S. Johnson of U.S. Geological Survey. The low-density, low-strength material and long-chain fatty acids present in some meteoroids, he finds, protect them from destruction. He studied specimens of stony meteorites, chondrites, that showed no signs of deformation. Straight-chain hydrocarbons on certain meteorites also remain unchanged, he found.

However, C. B. Moore and A. J. WILL of New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology, on the other hand, say they have found evidence for deformation and melting of some meteorites just the same. So the question is still not fully resolved, they believe, there is a range of the possibilities.

Their work involves studying the effects of impact on artificial meteorites. This indicates that some meteorites deform strongly under the impact force as they hit the atmosphere, becoming the shape of a flat disk or a flat bowl, while other meteorites retain their undeformed shapes as the solids at the time of hitting. This way, some of the information- carrying structures in the meteorites may be preserved intact, they say in Nature, 204(4961), 1964.

from Science News Letter, Oct. 24, 1964
Messgeraph Sub Seeks Gulf Stream Mysteries 
THE ROLLS ROYCE of the sea, the 246-foot oceanographic research vessel, MESSGERAPH has been launched on a hunt for mysteries of the Gulf Stream.
Equipped with the latest electronic gear, designed to probe the ocean depths and record sea-floor sediments, the MESSGERAPH, 'under the direction of the U.S. Navy Hydrographic Office, carries 36 scientists aboard in the hunt for clues to the Gulf Stream's fluctuations, waves and eddies.
Using unproved methods for keeping the ship exactly at any point over the submarine terrain for minute recording periods, the MESSGERAPH is specially designed to study sub-sea mountai
ns, deep-diving bathyscaphs and associated currents in the Gulf Stream.
'Working around the clock, like a Grayward ocean monsters, the ship's crew will converge on targets spotted by the ship's electronic eyes, radar and sonar.
They will photograph, measure and analyze the Gulf's depths and currents as the ship maneuvers through the murky green waters, seeking to solve SOME of the stream's mysteries.
LT. W. WASHINGTON, D.C. - Just how fast can the Gulf Stream run? What causes its waves and eddies? What's the condition of the sea floor in the Stream's path?
These are some of the questions the MESSGERAPH, a Navy oceanographic research ship named after the 19th century "Auguste Piccard" in memory of the late famous Swiss oceanographer, hopes to answer.
Last summer the stream, named after its discoverer Benjamin Franklin in the 1700's, was clocked at more than 8 knots - faster than any other oceanic current.
This huge river of the sea, flowing along the eastern coast of the U.S. and carrying warm water from the Tropics up to New England, is of vital importance to the nation's weather, shipping and coastal life.
A group of about 36 oceanographers and technicians aboard the MESSGERAPH are using the latest electronic gear - sonar, radar, precision depth-recording instruments and a huge array of other scientific equipment - to study the mysteries of the Gulf Stream.
Working around the clock, they are converging on targets spotted by the ship's electronic eyes to photograph, measure and analyze the Gulf's depths and currents as the MESSGERAPH maneuvers through the murky green waters.
The main objectives are to:
1. Determine the actual speed and diameter of the Gulf Stream at various points along its course.
2. Learn more about the waves and eddies that constantly form in the Stream.
3. Probe the condition of the sea floor below the Stream.
4. Discover whether there are any "mountains" under the water that could influence the Stream's direction and flow.
5. Find out how the Stream changes from season to season and year to year.
The MESSGERAPH, with its able crew, is expected to provide some of the answers through its intensive scientific studies of the Gulf Stream, over the next few months.

SPACE
Satellite Tracker
Keeps Sky Vigil
A HISTORY-MAKING white dome located just off the New Jersey Turnpike contains an array of radar, radio and optical telescopes that are as essential to space exploration as the Cape Kennedy rocket range is to launching vehicles.

Originally, it was part of BMEWS, the Ballistic Missile Early Warning System, which was built to monitor possible missile attacks across the North Polar regions. Now, however, the dome is part of SPADATS, the Space Detection and Tracking System.
SPADATS is an Air Defense Command headquarters, located at Colorado Springs, Colo., which provides continuous information on the movement of all man-made objects in space. This information, about 3,000 objects registered, is supplied to many government agencies and contractors involved in the space program.
The white dome at New Jersey, known as the Satellite Tracking Center, operates as part of the worldwide SPADATS network. From this vantage point, it maintains a constant vigil over the skies to trace the paths of satellites, rocket boosters and space debris.
The tracking data gathered at the New Jersey station, and at other SPADATS installations throughout the world, is relayed by high-speed communications links to the central SPADATS control center at Colorado Springs.
This information, in turn, is distributed to agencies needing to know the location of space objects for purposes of space vehicle guidance, re-entry and collision avoidance. It is also used to help predict when and where space debris and inoperative satellites will re-enter the earth's atmosphere.
World Adopts New Standard of Time
AN ATOMIC DEFINITION of the second, replacing the astronomical definition, was authorized in 1967 by the 13th General Conference on Weights and Measures. The new definition, based on the natural vibrations of the cesium atom, provides a much more accurate and stable standard for the measurement of time. The transition to the atomic time standard is expected to be a more precise definition in the future.