This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely a questionnaire or report form.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
    (Circle One)    Yes    No    Altitude unknown, angular speed about 10 per second 

21. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
    Do you think you can estimate how far away the object was?
    (Circle One)    Yes    No    Appeared to be about 5 miles away

22. From what direction did you first observe the object?
    (Circle One)    a. Inside a building
                 b. In a car
                 c. On foot
                 d. In an airplane (type)
                 e. At sea
                 f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In the open countryside?
    d. In a city street?
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over open country?
    g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
         a. North
         b. Northeast
         c. East
         d. Southeast
         e. South
         f. Southwest
         g. West
         h. Northwest
    24.2 How fast were you moving?   miles per hour.
    24.3 Did you stop or slow up any time while you were looking at the object?
         (Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Binoculars   Yes    No
    b. Sun glasses   Yes    No
    c. Windshield    Yes    No
    d. Window glass   Yes    No
    e. Telescope    Yes    No
    f. Theodolite   Yes    No
    g. Other

26. In order that you give a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you observed.
    It was like a telescope seen from 19 feet away, It's angular size (diameter) 
was 1/2 of the full moon and it was that type of round appearance, but didn't measure time or angle - those are estimates.