There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects.

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER FOR SEPTEMBER 26, 1964

FIELDS
ASTRONOMY
Strange Pair in Dipper
UNSEEN STARS EVER KNOWN
The famous pair of visible stars in the handle of the Big Dipper, Mizar and Alcor, has now been found to consist of two sets of double stars. This represents the widest known multiple system of stars.

The two stars visible to the naked eye actually compose a double star system - with components separated by the equivalent of a small telescope's field of view. Each of these components is itself a double star, forming a quadruple system.

Widely used as a test of normal vision before the days of eye examinations with charts, the ability to distinguish Alcor from Mizar has long been considered a sign of keen eyesight. The star of the Dipper's handle will never be used as an astronomical guide, however, because the two bright components are too widely separated.

Clyde W. Tombaugh, discoverer of the dwarf planet Pluto, finds that Mizar is also really two stars, called Mizar A and Mizar B. Thus the famous Mizar-Alcor system is actually a double star. Mizar and Alcor.

Now Wallace A. Eckert, formerly of the University of Texas at Austin, has completed an exhaustive study that indicates the Mizar-Alcor system may be even more complex. It now appears the two stars revolve around each other in a small but wide orbit, forming what is called a "wide double star" system.

In fact, Eckert reports that a total of seven revolving systems are reported in Sky and Telescope.

ASTRONOMY
Comet Rediscovered, Unseen for 58 Years
A COMET that has not been seen for 58 years has just been rediscovered, due to unusually accurate observations in recent years.

The comet, called 1949 III, has been missing since 1906. It is very faint, however, and is believed to have never been seen by the naked eye.

The comet was found by Dr. Daniel H. Harris of the National Radio Astronomy Observatory and Dr. Brian G. Marsden of the Yale University Observatory. They reported their find in a telegram from Yale, dated Sept. 18, to the International Astronomical Union's Central Bureau for Astronomical Telegrams.

The comet has a history of such physical observation problems since its discovery in 1849. The comet's orbit is extremely elongated, with a perihelion (closest approach to the sun) of only 0.33 astronomical units and an aphelion (farthest distance from sun) of 28 astronomical units.

This makes it extremely difficult to observe the comet for most of its orbit, and accounts for its long "lost" period. The clearing house for astronomical information is the Western Astronomical Union.

ENGINEERING
New Suspension Bridge
Fourth Largest in World
THE LONGEST suspension bridge in Europe, and fourth largest in the world, is now being built in the United States.

The bridge, which will be 14,260 feet long or 2.7 miles, is being constructed across the Strait of Mackinac in Michigan. It will connect the upper and lower peninsulas of that state.

PHYSICS
Wave Analysis Locates
Plane Crash in Lake
THE POINT OF IMPACT of a jet airliner that crashed into Lake Pontchartrain, La., last Feb. 1 was located by a new analysis of the wave patterns on the surface of the lake.

David I. Kennedy, a geophysicist at the University of Missouri, has used a new technique to analyze the wave patterns and deduce the location of the crash, which had been obscured by silt.

Divers checking the site confirmed the accuracy of Kennedy's analysis, which he carried out on the basis of measurements made by four wave gauges located on the shores of the lake.

END OF TEXT