The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document or a technical newsletter.

Text from the document:

NEWS
New Products

Super-Temp Expands R&D
American Systems Temperature Wires, Inc., Winooski, Vt., a subsidiary of Haveg Industries, Inc., a supplier of Teflon and glass fiber reinforced plastic products, has completed the expansion of its Vt. research and development facilities. The expansion provides facilities to develop a larger product line.

A particular interest to purchasers of high-temperature wire is the installation of a new corona tester and high voltage equipment are as follows: 15,000 volts ac maximum-current 30,000 volts dc as maximum.

Panel-Mounted Fan
P.Q. Box 228, Princeton, N.J., has announced the production of a new panelmounted fan for cooling electronic racks. The fan is designed to pressurize the cabinets with air filtered and regulated power to insure uniform cooling at low noise levels.

Designated as Model IPB65W, it is installed from outside the rack and requires a minimum of cabinet area. The filter is also mounted from the outside of rack and the air is drawn through the filter by the fan mounting bolts. The fan has a hollow design which allows it to be adjustable. With a 1/100 HP motor, Model IPB65W moves 205 cfm, and is equipped with a ball bearing motor with aluminum alloy blades and a MIL-G-3278 lubricant with a temperature range of 70°C to 125°C. Shippingwt. 6 lbs.

Connector Catalog
Complete technical data on the manufacturers of Kings Electronics Co., Inc., 40 Marbledale Rd., Tuckahoe, N.Y. 10707, has been issued. These connectors are designed for sca

These manufacturers have revised PROCEEDINGS to their facilities for testing and control of the manufactured products. High quality pulse microwave signal sources and output amplifiers are in the new facilities. These can be adjusted to give output pulse spacing from 0 to 100 usee, and PRP from 10 to 2000 pps. An additional feature is the use in parallel of duplicate standard used to preset all pulse parameters in either C or Ku band.

Gardon Appointed
By Servo Corp.

Cardon in line with the Government's latest trend toward total program management, Servo Corp. of America, Hicksville, L.I., N.Y., has announced the appointment of Donald F. Gardon as its manager of Government Sales. In his new position, Cardon will coordinate the marketing and contract activities under the direction of the new unified Government Products Division.
The organizational change merges the two distinct sales groups which formerly handled products to the government and prime defense contractors separately. The effects of the change are that major Government and System Sales Divisions are now brought into a single Government Products Division. 

The move also completes a reorganization of Servo's aerospace department designed to provide the customer with a servo spokesman as stated.

Beacon Circuit Simulator
Micro-Tel Corp., 2127 Maryland Ave., Baltimore 18, Md., announces the availability of a Model BCS-1A Beacon Simulator. The instrument is a double pulse microwave signal source covering 2.7 to 2.9 GHz with adjustable pulse width and spacing from 0 to 100 usee. PRP from 10 to 2000 pps. It can be adjusted to give output pulse spacing from 0 to 100 usee, and PRP from 10 to 2000 pps. An additional feature is the use in parallel of duplicate standards used to preset all pulse parameters in the C or Ku band. The primary purpose of the instrument is to check sensitivity measurements. For further information, contact the firm.

Hines Appointed by
Microwave Associates
Microwave Associates, Inc., Burlington, Mass., has announced the appointment of Senior Vice President S. P. Hines to the newly-created position of Director of Microwave Planning. In this capacity, he will coordinate the company's activities in solid state circuits and devices and initiate programs which will benefit its customers via applications assistance and new developments.
Hines was previously associated with the Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc., at their Whippany, N.J., laboratories. His work has included extensive development of telemetering and radar tube technology, and his most recent work has been involved with research on Esaki (tunnel) diodes for amplifiers.
At the Bell Telephone Laboratories, Hines was an outstanding contributor to the Communications Development Training program and has previously been a visiting lecturer at the University of Pennsylvania. Hines is a graduate of the California Institute of Technology where he obtained his bachelor's degree in Physics in 1946. He served as a weather officer in the Air Force during World War II. 
He holds numerous patents in the fields of electron devices, electronic circuits, and microwave antennas.
(Continued on page 13.)