There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

Transcribing the text:

Page 2.
May 13, 1964

Was now slowly approaching the distant status cloud formation. Still retaining its spiral shape, changing from the horizontal position to a vertical position. The witness smoke and resembled a smoking plane slowly falling from the sky. At the same time strange objects seemed to be falling but soon stopped as if they reached a certain distance. Then they moved upward again, to be repeated several times. This strange phenomenon plainly visible to the naked eye.

After about three minutes had elapsed while we were all convinced that what we were seeing would disappear as suddenly as it had appeared, a horizontal pencil shaped object suddenly appeared, resembling a "there's another one". It appeared as a horizontal pencil in length, but it could have been of larger size as seen from the left. For some reason it appeared to confirm the length, but it could not be agreed as to whether this was the original object or another corresponding with the first object, as the first object became obliterated by the cloud. 

As I was observing this with my binoculars, there was a flash of white light from the rear of it and it shot forward with incredible speed for a distance of about five times its length and as suddenly stopped, still maintaining the pencil shape, apparently hovering. My companions inside the house did not observe it as I watched it with the binoculars. It became thick in the middle and with a cloud of smoke emerging from the backward as if it had gone forward. Again it hovered and then the most incredible part occurred - from the saucer shape it developed into two parts, one moving away rapidly from the other. The top object, very small, remained stationary, while the second object seemed to expanded and contracted in size. The top object slowly became smaller, dimmer, and finally disappeared at a 45 degree angle toward the spot where it had appeared. The bottom object did not fade completely but the bottom object now shaped differently from the higher oval object. This pencil shape slowly faded away to the side. Then the pencil shaped object also faded from sight.