The image does not contain a photograph, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Preliminary Investigation of UFO Reports, May 17 - 22, 1964.

On Friday night, May 22-23, I made a brief telephone survey in response to a request by J. A. Hynek, Director of Dearborn Observatory, following his appraisal of UFO reports of sightings in Lansing, Michigan.

My first call was to UPT in Chicago; a report of a UFO sighting had come in, but from Marion, Indiana. A subsequent call to UPT in Lansing established that reports were considered independently, both local and distant.

I contacted the Police Department in San Marion, and was informed that police officers in the Marion force and in police departments of surrounding towns ( as far as Muncie, Indiana ) had been observing strange lights in the sky during the past three nights, both stationary and moving, which struck witnesses as unusual enough to report. Calls to several of the other departments in the area did not add much information, as the witnesses were on patrol or were not on duty at the time. I was assured that the witnesses would be available if a complete investigation were carried out; in most cases the sightings were logged, or else the force is small enough that the individuals involved will be easy to find.

I did succeed in locating one witness who saw an orange light low in the northwest sky, apparently 1,200 to 500 feet high, three to six miles away, having driven to the west and of town ( Hartford City ) after hearing over his police car radio comments about other sightings in progress. The officer, Robert Merrilch, reports that the Blackford County Sheriff's Department also received many reports, and another man named Andy whom they questioned, claims to have seen the orange light. It seems clear that the object was Venus, just prior to setting.

The other reports may involve more definite motion, and some involve multiple objects (at least one observation through binoculars), so the Venus explanation cannot readily be extended without further information.

Having established that enough information could be obtained through the Lansing police departments for a future investigation, I turned to the Lansing reports.