The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, titled "REPORT ON SOCORRO NEW MEXICO TRIP".

The text in the document is as follows:

On Tuesday, April 28, 1964, in response to a call from Captain Quintanilla, I enplaned for Albuquerque to meet with Major Conner of Kirtland Air Force Base and associate me, I called a prospective graduate student in astronomy, now working at Kirtland Air Force Base, before I left the office, asking him to meet me. This proved totally unnecessary since, when the plane arrived at Albuquerque, I was met at the airport by Major Conner himself, and we drove to the Air Force Base where I was introduced to the young man from the plane to the effect that "there must be a celebrity aboard" and discussions so by me as I was the plane numerous flash bulbs began popping, and I was importuned for one interview after another. Since I knew nothing, there was very little that I could say, and consequently I got out of the situation very easily. It would appear that Major Conner F HQ man very effective, I had unfortunately neglected to ask Major Conner in advance to keep things quiet.
As soon as I got the report out of my head we went to Major Conner's office at Kirtland Air Force Base, where I called Dr. LaPaz by phone to ask whether the Major had gone down to Socorro with us. He was unable to make it, but told me that a number of a years before he had worked with Zamora on a filed trip in search of a fallen meteorite. He gave Zamora a very clean bill of health and said that he was a completely reliable person. He then hunted down in the Air Force car for Socorro, which is nearly an hour from Albuquerque, where I had a flat tire. It turned out that the jack was missing, although the car had been repaired in excellent shape, and so we had to wait till passengers by, finally snagging one car whose occupants indicated that they would uniform the occupant's office town. Time passed and we snagged another car, this time with four women in it. They took me into town so that I could relay the call, and this man rather terse, but generous, Chavez before the rest (Major Conner and Mr. James Wray, the prospective graduate student ) got down. It was during this preliminary interview in the jail that Sergeant Chavez told me that Zamora was getting discouraged with the whole thing and with the general misrepresentation he was the victim of. After some general reluctance, Sergeant Chavez agreed to have Zamora there so that I could talk to him privately. I agreed to this, and when the private car I finally got down with Lieutenant Cariola, we went to the jail to talk with Zamora, who appeared somewhat haggard (it was now quite late in the day, and he had had little sleep the next), and after dinner, Major Conner and Mr Wray went back to Albuquerque, and I went to the jail to talk for the next two hours with Zamora and Chavez.
After a fairly lengthy time spent in getting them warmed up to the subject, I got the major sketch of the situation. During one or two times when Zamora (who was on duty) had to step out of the room, Chavez told me of some of Zamora's reactions. Apparently Zamora was not going to say anything about it, but it was at Chavez' advice that he did. He then apparently looked disturbed.