The image contains a photograph of text, but there is no visual image or photograph present.

The text of the document is as follows:

Information Only
Source: Green River, Wyoming
30 April 1964

Green River, Wyoming, saucer

Two families peered into the sky here on Thursday evening while a delivery, shining, round object hovered red high over their heads for about 30 minutes. 

"We saw something--whether it was a flying saucer, we don't know," said Mrs. James Pace, 118 Smith Dr. But "we were not imaginative people."

Mrs. Pace told the Desert News that she, her husband and two of her children were on the front lawn with Robert Cameron, about 7 p.m. They were watching, she reported, a "peculiar" object in the sky, "a silvery disk reflecting the sunlight."

When the children, Susanne Pace, 9, Michael Pace, 5, and Kevin Cameron, 5, pointed higher in the sky and shouted "There's another flying saucer, just like the one we saw yesterday in school."

Mrs. Pace had dismissed her children's stories of flying saucers over the school as "just creations of 'kid's' imaginations."

"But this time I couldn't believe my eyes," Mrs. Pace said. The object was "shining, round light," standing on its edge like a silver dollar, it was very bright in the sky." 

The Paces theorized the shiny effect was merely a reflection of the sun, after the object's lights went out and became dark. Mr. and Mrs. Cameron viewed the object, which appeared to be hovering, for about five minutes before it disappeared into the half-dark storm clouds and obscured it.

"This was the day before when the kids were talking about saucers, I thought they were just making it up," Mrs. Pace said. Then I read in the paper about the 'Flying Saucer' seen in Salt Lake Valley, I guess that's what we saw."

Mrs. Pace said she found that children throughout the neighborhood and those attending nearby Roosevelt Elementary School had reported seeing unidentified flying objects on Thursday.

"Meanwhile, in Salt Lake Valley, twelve-year-old boy said on Friday he saw an object hover for a minute or two" in the sky, then dart behind a mountain.

Mr. Clympus and Mrs. Nicole Beglarian, 2902 Florence Dr., (2900 East), said the object hovered about 5,000 feet above Mt. Olympus before disappearing.

(Credit to Mr. James T. Wardle).