The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on the letterhead of the "Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University" in Evanston, Illinois.

The full text of the document is as follows:

Mr. Hanes, Sr.

Pittsfield, New Jersey

Dear Witnesses:

This letter is a follow-up to a report made by Mr. [redacted] Sr. to the U.S. Air Force on May 9, 1964. We have begun a new program aimed at systematically analyzing the reports on UFO sightings filed on which investigations have been conducted. The purpose of this conclusion is to indicate that the phenomenon seems to continue long after your report was made.  

As is often the case, the initial material filed on the basis of your UFO report consists of very limited information which would help a person get through the files understand why the object was reported to the Air Force. In the information available, it is not clear from your report what was reported in the first place, or what observations led to your report being submitted.

The first object was shaped like a blimp gondola; the second looked like a diamond. One object seen first, five seen second time. Four blue-white windows in "blimp gondola", one who looked like landing lights shining straight down. One witness saw swept-back wings also seen - second object semicircular with bright center-light. 

More follow information on saturated speeds and ground track.

You can see that anyone re-reading the report would get very little of the original incident out of it, and that is what we are trying to correct. The purpose of this letter is to ask you for a re-statement of the incident as you recall it, so that we can have on hand something against which other similar reports can be compared. It is not that we suspect any inaccuracy in your first report, but that the original report seldom gives us all that we need to make comparisons.

I am going to indicate some points we need to have cleared up, and ask a number of questions. Feel free to answer in any way you please, the best way being simply to write as clear an account as you can, referring to the questions only as you feel they help you give us the information we need to know.