The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, titled "Large UFO Reported Sighted in Augusta".

Extracted text:

Large UFO Reported Sighted in Augusta
By Dallas M. Kernes
The Virginian-Pilot, December 8, 1964
The reported sighting of a 30-foot diameter flying saucer near Harrisonburg, Va., Tuesday attracted the attention of the Military Air Command investigation team here. Sergeant Moody insisted that the object he saw was not a plane but an unidentified flying object.
Sergeant Moody, however, noted that his description of its appearance and flight matched that given earlier in the week of a similar object seen around 8 p.m. in the Shenandoah Valley area of Rockingham County.
After a field inspection with Moody as a witness, the investigators from the Air Force apparently are satisfied the report was valid. They declined to be quoted by name, but said they were convinced the sergeant actually saw something "out of the ordinary" in the sky.
Sergeant Moody said that at approximately 7:30 p.m. Tuesday he and his wife were driving toward Harrisonburg when they observed a brilliant white light in the sky. Moody said he watched the object through binoculars and saw that it was circular in shape, about 30 feet in diameter, with "pulsating colored lights around the edge." He said the object appeared to be hovering about 500 feet above the ground.
Moody said the object was "just as clear as day" and that it suddenly shot off at a high rate of speed toward the southwest, disappearing from view in a matter of seconds.
According to Moody, the object was accompanied by a loud humming noise.
After making his report to the police, Moody said he was questioned for more than an hour by two Air Force investigators from the Air Defense Command Center at Fort Belvoir. They told him they would make a full investigation of the incident.
Sergeant Gehrman, professor of geography at Eastern Mennonite College, said he was among several persons who saw the object Tuesday evening. Gehrman said he and others were driving to a Christmas party when they observed the light in the sky.
"We watched it for several minutes," Gehrman said. "It was a brilliant white light that seemed to be hovering and pulsating with light. As we watched, it suddenly shot off at a tremendous rate of speed, much faster than any jet plane I've ever seen."
Gehrman said he was convinced the object was not a conventional aircraft. "It was nothing like anything I've ever seen before," he added. "The speed at which it moved was incredible."
During this four years with Project Blue Book, the Air Force's official UFO investigation program, Moody said he has had four similar experiences. He said each time the object has been described as a brilliant white light that suddenly shoots off at a high rate of speed.