the witnesses, I find it impossible to dismiss this instance as a product
of excited imaginations or as a desire for publicity, etc. Indeed, these
witnesses had no intention of telling their story originally; the wife's
father, I believe it is, is a Marine and felt it was their duty to report it.

On the way home, all of us agreed that no formal questionnaire can
bring out the sense and detail of a sighting, or an adequate estimate of
the reliability of the observers, that a personal interview can. But we
also agreed that failing a personal interview, a request for a simple
narrative statement from the witnesses, answering only a few specific
questions would be preferable, at least in the first stages, to a questionnaire.

In short, to have the witness tell in his own words, guided by just
a brief outline as to what the circumstances of the sighting were such as
was it day or night; what was the duration of the sighting; and how many
people were with the witness. We can get the names, telephone numbers, etc.
later if the thing seems worthwhile. These people in Madison had filled
out the questionnaire (with you should have in your hands now), but a
questionnaire is a dead thing compared to the person's own narrative style.
It can't be an unguided narrative, but it must be a narrative answering
just a few prearranged questions. Besides, most people regard questionnaires
as another government form, and they are somehow just a little afraid of
it, to say nothing of shying away from overcoming the inertia of filling
out such a report. If, on the other hand, they are asked to answer as
simply as possible questions such as what did you see and what did it
look like, writing it as if they were telling it to a neighbor, I think we
would get an added dimension that somehow seems to be missing in question-
naires. I realize that I had a fair amount to do with advising the
questionnaire, and I think it certainly serves a purpose in any case,
but I wonder if it wouldn't be better to precede it by a bald state-
ment of the circumstances.