There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document page from the Project Blue Book UFO report.

INFORMATION RELATIVE TO THE SOCORRO SIGHTING OF UFO BY LONNIE ZAMORA

On 24 April 1964, I received a call from Captain Richard T. Holder, USAF, of the 896th Radar Squadron at Holloman AFB, Quintanilla requesting that the Socorro sighting be investigated. This action was dictated by a call from the Command Post at 330, a call from the Emergency Action Group at 430 and another call from the Command Post just prior to my notification of the same. The contacts for details collected were made by Col King at Albuquerque and Capt White at White Sands (32-15-1972).

At 0600 I contacted the Base Duty Officer and was informed that Major Conner was the Kirkland Investigator for UFO reports. I contacted Major Conner and requested permission to accompany him to Socorro. I contacted Col King and a meeting was arranged for 0830. The only information Col King had was that which was included in the report made by Lonnie Zamora. This report was forwarded to Washington and Col King/ASD/ASD as the Command Post. (This report is included as an attachment in Major Conner's report.)

A geiger counter was obtained and Major Conner and I departed for Socorro arriving about 1200 in Socorro. The State Police officer who was the first to reach Lonnie Zamora (State Police Officer Nieto) and during the interview the following information was obtained:

Shortly after 1700 Lonnie Zamora was on patrol and radioed in to the city police that there was a 10-7 (auto accident) and he was proceeding to investigate. It appeared as if an auto had turned over and two people were in the vicinity. Sgt Chavez immediately made an effort to reach patrolman Zamora and arrived about 3 minutes after the object under observation by Lonnie Zamora had disappeared. Sgt Chavez then went to the area where the craft or thing was supposed to be sighted and found four fresh indentations in the ground and several charred or burned bushes. Smoke appeared to come from the bush and he assumed that it was burning, however, when he placed his hand over the bush it was still cold to the touch. Sgt Chavez contacted the FBI, who in turn contacted White Sands and Agents Barnes and Lt R T Holder of the latter organization arrived to conduct an investigation and obtain various samples of the soil and charred bush. Sgt Chavez secured the area and the only instructions were "do not disturb". It was determined that the only time the marks were fresh and the bush still warm was at the time Lonnie Zamora observed the vehicle and the activity and that there was no other activity at that location other than that noted in the FBI report. Further he stated that the marks were definitely "fresh", and the dirt showed evidence of "heat" or moisture. Sgt Chavez is firm in that he could not track any activity was evident. At no time did he observe the craft or object described by Patrolman Zamora.