There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document, produced by an OCR system:

a street which appears on the list of complainants ( not in chronological order) from Wednesday night, and which should be checked as possibly involving a report from the "noises" reports. 

Saturday afternoon the final call before making this report was received from Sgt. Garrett (Marion, Ind. PD) of the Police, in response to my request for additional information that might arise. He reported that a Mrs. Lansing/Heard (20 Main St., Lansing, Ind.) had just reported that she had a very strange "whirring" sound from her back yard, at 9:00 or 9:15 PM. She saw nothing, but found a burned area in her yard, about 10 feet by 4 or 5 feet in dimensions. Leaves lying on the ground were charred, but the grass underneath was not. She has saved samples of the leaves, and is willing to be interviewed. She, too, delayed her report for fear of ridicule, until other reports were publicized. Her husband saw what she saw, he heard the noise.

This brief report actually represents only a small portion of the reports that were received and logged at the police departments in the area. All police agencies appear quite willing to cooperate, and individuals seem to show a healthy mixture of interest and skepticism. My impression is that a more detailed sifting of the logs
together with examination of records of emergency-car movements will eliminate the bulk of reports concerned with noises only, but that other events appear to have occurred which require more detailed investigation and probably will call for several different explanations.

There follows a list of names of some of the persons who made reports; this is a very abbreviated list, and is given only for the purpose of adding identification of the proper log pages or proper individuals with whom to communicate.

MARION, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT: 317 - NO 8-8131 
Tom Dennis, Chief
Richard Harrison, Asst. Chief. Refer: men who work North car wigMfc.

KOKOMO, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT (SHERIFF'S POLICE) - 317-GL 2-2444
HARTFORD CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT 317 - 348-3730 
Officer Robert Morrison