There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

Gentlemen:

I understand that there is an agency of the government that collects information on reports of unusual flying objects, and this is the purpose of my letter.

My friend and I have just completed a hapsack trip in the remote eastern areas of Yosemite Park, and I have a strange story to relate.

We camped on the southeast side of Henson Lake. At 8:15 a.m. that morning, my friend and I observed two silvery disk-shaped objects in the sky, hovering and then performing maneuvers, zooming up and down, and moving rapidly and erratically in the air. We were both surprised, for the branches of the trees did not move, and a sound we could only liken to that of air friction was audible. The objects appeared to be about two or three diameters in size, and they were so fast that before my friend could locate them, they had disappeared - so fast that before my friend could locate them, they had disappeared.

In the brief moments that I observed them, I was able to clearly see their form. There was a brilliant shimmering, moving metal, and they would have passed over the other two, there was an adjustment and they would float for a time, and then the conventional air and jet noise would resume.

The sound which we both heard was that of air friction only, certainly not jet propulsion - I also assume that the altitude of the objects above us could not have been great because the attitude of the objects above us could not have been great because the sound was so easily audible.

If you would like any further information about our experience, we will be glad to answer any questions.

Sincerely yours,

[Redacted Name]
S.F. Symphony and Opera Orchestras
Conservatory of Music
Yosemite Park, Calif.
Instructor of Mathematics, Woodside High School
Lecturer, Music Dept., Stanford University