There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Output of text from the document:

the sighting took place at "12:10 to 12:15") Both men have agreed to cooperate
in any detailed investigation.
One of the calls associated with the night of the emergency run previous
mentioned was from a farmer in Grand Ledge, who called the [REDACTED] 
department with a report that he had seen a flying officer land and take off again.
A police car from the Ingham County Sheriffs office was dispatched, but before it arrived, the object was gone; the investigating
patrol reported sighting nothing unusual, so the sighting was not logged; the name
of the farmer may be difficult to discover. The farmer said the object was about
35 feet in diameter. The police officer clearly believes the man to be "mistaken".
There are several more reports which need to be straightened out better than
I could do over the telephone. One involves two men coming home from the night shift
(apparently) at Oldsmobile, and a car parked in front of a house. They
saw a car parked in front of the house when they heard a weird noise ( apparently not
the siren - time is wrong) and saw an object that looked like a shooting star
going behind the house. It made ( or something made) a sufficiently impressive noise
that [REDACTED] wife jumped out of bed, terrified, the sound having awakened her.
Between phone calls to [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] on Saturday morning, I received
an unsolicited call from a reporter, Dick Frazier of the Lansing State-Journal, who
was trying to find out if my calls of the night before were legitimate, and who had
another report which came in just after I had ceased operations Friday night. Mrs.
[REDACTED], Rd., Lansing, saw three objects at 9:00, 9:45, and
11:00 PM on the 20th, at least one of which showed shape ( outline, not point source)
and which was observed through binoculars. Mrs. [REDACTED] husband also saw the objects;
and they called some neighbors who also were witnesses. One object was described
as roughly circular with many little white lights on its underside. Mrs. [REDACTED] did
not report until she heard of other reports, for fear she would be called crazy.
Another man is willing to talk to me in detail: Northwestern ( Frazier informed
her of our investigations). Mrs. [REDACTED] address is described as being "non".