The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"The following two articles appeared in the Philadelphia Evening Bulletin, Philadelphia, both relating to the late evening sighting of candies, September 9, 1964, and the second in the Monday "P" edition of Monday, September 7, 1964, Labor Day.

"Charges Earth - Charged Particles at Glassboro" 
By Frank Toughill - in the Glassboro Staff
Glassboro, N.J., Sept. 7 - The mystery on my hands.

The mystery centers around some weird marks which were discovered in an oat field near this campus of Glassboro State College. The marks, about four in number, were circular and stretched out in a line about 20 feet long.

The marks measured about two feet in diameter and were depressed into the ground about two inches on each side and two inches deep. The marks glow dimly a greenish-white phosphorescent light.

The three marks were the indices in diameter and six inches deep. They were discovered by a boy named Campbell, 12, or 13 years old, who had been checking on the family cow and calf in the field.

Campbell said the field had been thoroughly checked on Labor Day, and the marks were not there then. He said the family dog, which had been accompanying him, became uneasy and refused to go near the marks.

Hundreds of persons want to see the "mystery" hole. Authorities M.J., Sept. 8 -
Hundreds of persons want to visit the oat field near here yesterday, where strange marks were discovered on Labor Day.

In the center of a 20-inch diameter hole was a 30-inch diameter depression about 4 inches deep.

Roy Campbell, 14, said the hole was discovered by his two sons, who were getting the family cow and calf.

Campbell said the boys reported the hole about 8 o'clock on Labor Day evening. A few minutes later, Campbell said, the hole appeared to give off a reddish glow, and the boys said a red glow appeared about a half inch above the hole.

The boys investigated the story and found the charred area about 1 1/2 yards in diameter around the hole. Hundreds of persons went to see the "mystery" hole."