The image contains no photograph, only a typed narrative account of an incident that occurred in Socorro, New Mexico on April 24, 1964. The text describes a sighting of an unidentified flying object by a police officer, including details about the object's appearance and behavior.

NARRATIVE OF SOCORRO, NEW MEXICO SIGHTING, 24 APRIL 1964

Shortly after 5:50 PM on Friday, 24 April 1964, Sgt Lonnie Zamora of the Socorro Police Department was in pursuit of a speeding vehicle. As he was chasing the vehicle, he observed a flame in the sky to the southwest. He saw a shiny object which appeared to him to be an egg-shaped craft resting on the ground, with two people standing near it. As he approached closer, he thought an explosion had occurred. In order to reach this spot, he turned off the paved road onto a rough and hilly area. After two or three efforts to drive his car up to the object, he finally abandoned his pursuit of the speeding vehicle and drove toward the area where he had seen the object. 

The object was described as being about 20 ft long and about 6-7 ft high. It was a shiny metallic object which had a reddish-orange type glow under it. Two persons were observed near the object, but no others were seen in the area. Sgt Zamora stated the two persons appeared to be normal size and were moving towards the object as if preparing to enter it. 

As Sgt Zamora approached to within about 50 ft of the object, it rose vertically with a tremendous roar, and as it began to gain altitude, a bluish-orange flame came from under it. The object immediately began to gain considerable speed and altitude. Sgt Zamora stated the flame was very intense and blinding and as the object rose, it made a rather loud roar that gradually faded as the object disappeared in the distance.

While proceeding to the location where the object was assumed to have landed, the State Police and his call was monitored by Sgt Chavez of the New Mexico State Police. Sgt Zamora attempted to search the area but was unable to find any physical evidence other than an area of crushed brush which he referred to as the "landing area".