The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or letter from Project Bluebook, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

First United Presbyterian Church
Pleasantville, Pennsylvania 16344

December 30, 1964

Project Bluebook
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio

Dear Sir:

Last May 26 about 11:00 p.m. and we were driving west on Route 36-55-50. When we saw a large globe of brilliant white light on the field or just off it. Its intensity or brilliance was like that of a flash bulb so its size was difficult to estimate. Suddenly the light disappeared.

Proceeding slowly west we again saw a ball of silver-white light about the size of a dollar or basketball high in the sky (above the road and saw the moon high in the sky in back of us (east)). The round light above the treetops looked like a bright (reflected) in a mirror. We watched this light with the car headlights on and it lasted about 12-15 seconds then went out abruptly. This was about .5 or a mile from the initial bright light.

As I turned my head and looked out the front window I caught a glimpse of a yellow-orange gasseous bottom of a ball which seemed streaked with blue. It had to be low as it looked out the front window to proceed on the road. It was moving at a fantastic speed. I got out of sight west of us in 1-2 seconds (unless it went up).

Going back (about a quarter mile) to the spot of the initial sighting we found the section of the road (the junction of which was under repair and blocked off) we went to again hoping to see it again. It was very low over a field and clearly another light standing still. It was probably 550 yards from us. We got out of the car and watched it. It was to the right on the road on the field.

After watching for about two minutes I told (A thought we could get closer). About 100 yards the dirt road off to the left which circled the field. We got into the car and started for the road. Just as I began to turn off the main road (Route 27 W) the sphere ascended - perhaps 25 feet off the ground. I immediately stopped the car. (It looked like a large setting sun).