There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image contains a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. I will now transcribe the text from the document:

with them in detail but were forced to reject this hypothesis on several grounds. First, there was no sound whatever, even when the car had stopped. And they were hurling around. They had their radio on low (but no statie or interference was heard), and they felt that the level of the noise was sufficiently low so that a powered craft would certainly have been heard. A few seconds later, a second object program made in England, and apparently demonstrating new devices in English aircraft, exhibited a device which had much the same trajectory as their object. The device which was apparently a vertical takeoff and landing device which maneuvered in the same swift gliding motions they observed. However, such devices produce a great deal of noise. Secondly, the helicopter hypothesis fails because of size. The witnesses while driving, according to their own statements, had been a helicopter one hundred yards away. Thirdly, no landing lights were used, and it seems inconceivable that a helicopter hovering so close to the ground would not have ventured to use them. They would have constituted as close to the ground without lights being on the aircraft.

There is no possibility that the object they sighted were actually some known type of aircraft or helicopter since the object was of an entirely different character, and they are quite convinced the entire matter was related to several objects flying in formation. This is difficult to reconcile with the rapid approach and the rapid departure. Still, we could research possibilities to ascertain whether there has been some development in a reflecting device in a rotating display as such machines do represent possible solutions. However, my understanding is that nothing resembling the maneuvers described even exists out of time.

The observers are obviously intelligent people who would be poor to invent a fanciful tale. They are well adjusted, gainfully employed professional people. They are over anxious for us to tell them what it was. They are quite definite about what they saw, and it was not a helicopter.