There does not appear to be any photograph present in this scanned document. The image shows a page of text from what appears to be a Project Blue Book UFO report.

As per the OCR request, the text of the document is as follows:

"At the present time, I fail to determine whether the UFO reports contain any hostil elements. If they do not, it is not in the Air Force charter, so to speak, to conduct lengthy investigations as to the nature of the stimuli that gave rise to the reports.

Of course, I have come to regard the subject of UFOs as rather nebulous, and in many instances the conclusions reached by the Air Force after investigation have left me unconvinced. When investigations have failed to turn up positive identifications and, of course, when no time can then be given as I discover they are not on the radar scope, I am inclinded to agree the reports may be more imaginary than real.

Such reports come, however, from University of Wisconsin professors who I know live in a practical sort of state of being that young academesians do not much realize, and from small town people who are not the gullible sort but who I have found are quite capable of seeing the unusual hi-ri. They are people who seem quite normal, and I have no reason to disbeliet them or to assume they are deliberately manufacturing stories. What I cannot understand is why, if their observations are so factual, they do not provide more detailed and accurate first-hand information.

Whenever sighting reports come to my attention I always make an effort to check them out with authorities in the area. Very often no traces are found, no radar returns, no witnesses other than the original observers. Yet some of these reports seem to have better substance and leave me wondering. I guess I would be hard put to justify the expenditure of taxpayer money on very intensive investigations of sighting reports, but it seems to me the taxpayers would be just as well enlightened to know that no reliance can be placed upon witnesses and no conclusion can be drawn. Here, I lightheartedly wonder if it wouldn't be better to so report.

I feel that it would not be wise to disregard the possibility that some of these reports may contain information of scientific value and merit deeper study. But I am personally wary of encouraging anything that smacks of a "flying saucer" hysteria or the development of a field of "pseudo-science" that, in the main, seems to be of doubtful validity. Therefore I would rather see a continuing, but cautious, investigatory effort marked by restraint and objectivity.

Vawter's report on the Socorro sighting is scheduled to be published June 15. I understand he considers the Socorro incident to be the strongest evidence for the existence of UFOs that has so far come to light, and he will suggest that UFOs be given increased scientific attention. However, I am hesitant to endorse any suggestion that UFOs be given increased scientific attention because I am not fully convinced that such study would be rewarding. I would rather see the funds and effort devoted to more fruitful fields of endeavor.

Continues lack of Socorro support. I wouldn't have any more help. Both Quintanilla and I find it impossible to dismiss it as a hoax unless we have some evidence that it was a hoax. I feel that it was a real sighting. Perhaps this fact must sink in sooner or later. I keep in touch with some civilians of Socorro and a considerable length of time. Perhaps this is our best means of attacking this particular problem. I do to visit Socorro again shortly."