The image contains a photograph that appears to depict a UFO sighting. The caption below the photograph states "The Thing' At Dale Draws National Attention". The text in the image provides details about the UFO sighting, including the location, the date, and the observer's name.

Transcribed text from the document:

"The thing at Dale draws national attention

In the above picture taken at the Gilbert Engelbrecht farm 2 1/2 miles south of Dale, Indiana on June 17, 1964 at about 9:00 pm central time, a large circxSlar shaped object was seen in the sky by Charles Engelbrecht, - taking notes is reporter Deace Dockins.

Charles Engelbrecht say, "My wife and I were sitting on the porch after supper when we noticed this object come into view fron the northwest. At first we thought it might be a star, but as it approached, we could see it was a very large round or oval shaped object which had a bright glow or light coming from it. The object seemed to be moving at a fairly high rate of speed, and it appeared to be about 700 to 800 feet in the air. The object continued traveling in a southeasterly direction and disappeared from view in about 30 seconds. The thing made no sound, and I think the reason we were able to see it so plainly was because the sky was very clear and the object had a bright glow which helped to make it stand out.

Deace Dockins, a reporter for the Dale Sun newspaper, states "I arrived at the Engelbrecht farm shortly after the sighting and talked with Charles Engelbrecht. I could tell he was quite excited over what he had seen, and he told me this was the first time in his life he had ever seen anything like this. Engelbrecht said he and his wife are quite sure the object was not an airplane, helicopter, satellite or anything like that. He said it was definitely something out of the ordinary, and he is convinced it was some type of unidentified flying object."

Engelbrecht said when the object disappeared, it seemed to just go straight up and out of sight. The object did not make any sound and didn't seem to have any wings or tail. Engelbrecht said there were no clouds in the sky at the time, and the object was clearly visible against the dark background. He said it was about the size of a large weather balloon, but was definitely not a balloon."