There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

The hoax hypothesis is, of course, one that suggests itself immediately. It is Quintanilla's and my opinion that both Chavez and FBI agent Byrnes must have been on the lost hypnosis. They testified that there were no tracks in the immediate neighborhood and that the object must have landed and taken off rapidly. If it had landed, there would have been tracks around if the pranksters had not beat a hasty retreat. These gentlemen said that the wind was blowing strongly from the south, yet the object was reported to rise in a direction opposite to the wind. Of course, the directions are wrong. I questioned and requested the people on this point and couldn't make them change their story.

The Pranksters could have hidden behind the knoll directly to the south, particularly as they had down arrows. The dynamite shock is too small and too far away for such a large object. Oral Grinder, a high-school student working for him, and I talked with his stepbrother particularly, and it was added that they hate all "Hams" and that it "was intended to get even with them somehow; they would do anything more direct, like letting the air out of his tires or something with immediate retrieval, rather than a distant act that would be difficult to trace, like the dynamite."

The dynamite shock does not stand up to legs as I have inspected it closely, and there is no photograph distinct.

Furthermore, I doubt very much whether a hoax could have been long going. If a box comes off well, pranksters like to close a bit, and there would have been no photo others even with Zapruder if they couldn't have gotten some inside out of it. It was once told to me of an instance in which some college students wanted to get even with a geology professor so they planted "fossils" and contrived an explosion at some distant part of the state, and had this poor professor running around trying to keep their secret. They "confided" to friends who in turn confided to others, and there wasn't any professor who couldn't keep their secret. They "confided" to friends who in turn confided to others, and there wasn't any professor who couldn't keep their secret. They "confided" to others.