The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing descriptive text about the objects observed.

Text output:

Description of course of objects:
(1) What first called the attention of observers to the objects were persons out four adults and one minor, were sitting under the starlight. The objects were seen to the east and northeast from their location in an open field 7-10 miles northeast of Pikes Peak. The objects were first noticed just north of Pikes Peak. The observers watched the objects for an undetermined interval of time.

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of objects: They were first observed at an angle of 20-25 degrees above the horizon and bearing 060-070 degrees from the observers' location. The objects appeared to be traveling quite rapidly toward the southwest. The objects reportedly covered the distance between one point and another in a very short time, estimated to be 5-10 seconds. The objects disappeared from view at about an angle of 10 degrees above the horizon and bearing 240-250 degrees.

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of objects upon disappearance: The objects disappeared from view an angle of about 10 degrees above the horizon and bearing 240-250 degrees.

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of objects: The objects appeared to travel quite rapidly toward the southwest. While the objects maintained a generally straight course, they did exhibit some slight changes in elevation, rising and dipping slightly. This may have been due to atmospheric effects. There was no abrupt change in course or speed observed, except for the two which descended from the main group. These two objects descended quite rapidly and disappeared from view.

(5) How did the objects disappear? The main group disappeared rather gradually, becoming more and more indistinct until they were no longer visible.

(6) How long were the objects visible? Approximately five minutes.

(7) Manner of observation:
(1) All sightings were ground visual.
(2) There were no optical aids used.
(3) There were no distractions.