There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing an incident that occurred in Socorro, New Mexico in 1964.

The text in the document is as follows:

speeding car had turned into his line of sight from a side road and followed the small path then going to the place about 1/2 mile south of Socorro where he had seen the flame and had heard a loud roar. It must be remembered that this time he was giving chase to a speeding car, and it would seem that, to be diverted from this jolly procedure, the noise and/or light must have been fairly strong. He stated that the object hovered briefly and then moved off in the direction in which he had seen the flame and heard the roar. He stressed only the roar and the fact that he thought the Mayor's dynamic shock had exploded and that somebody might have been in trouble.

From that point on, his report to me was virtually identical to that he gave to Captain Holder - his three attempts to get up the hill, his moving around longitudinally down the small arroyo - it was at this point that he thought he saw an overturned car resting, however, either on the trunk or on its radiator. He described that, at this point, he picked up the radio, called back Sergeant Shives. There is a little contradiction here, probably not serious, as to where he had made that call, exactly how many calls he made.

He then stated that he proceeded down the very poor gravel road, temoporarily losing sight of the object behind a slight rise in the land, that is, behind one of the hillocks that formed an arroyo between them. He said that, as he came up upon the object from behind, as he was driving and continued to drive for some distance, he apparently saw the object again while he was engaged the pursuing car at the clearing just before the ground descends into the little arroyo (as shown in photograph no.2). This is important in that it is a clear indication that any common object would certainly have been easily recognized. It would seem virtually incredible that an ordinary object, such as a balloon, helicopter, private small plane, etc. could have remained unidentified, and further, could have caused such sudden fright as he indicated.

Zamora drove up to this spot, windows rolled down, and looked to his left out the window to see the object. At this point, he indicated that he still thought that "it" might have been an overturned car. It is not clear whether he made a call to the station at this time (presumably he did), but, in any event, he knocked the mike to the floor, as he got out of the car, apparently in some excitement. He started to walk towards the object, but apparently did not get very far before he heard some noises. The noises were described as two or three bangs, as though something was being tossed away (he described it as "Let's get the Hell out of here") and this was followed almost immediately by a roar. He did not describe the pitches of the roar to me as well as he had in Capt Holder's report. Apparently, by this time Zamora was as he had in Capt Holder's report.