There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

The witness states that she was frightened and ran to the house, but found that house dark, all the other houses nearby were reported as dark also. She states that she abandoned her bicycle and ran all the way home, a distance of at least half a mile (unless the investigators found), and then went back later to get the bicycle. Since the witness could not estimate the size of the object ( the investigators estimated that it measured an arc of over 360 degrees in the sky), the investigators concentrated on trying to draw out a description of its appearance. The results of this further questioning must be tempered by the probability that she was adding to her story as time went on. During further questioning, the girl reiterated the sighting while the investigators timed her, roughly. According to this procedure, the noise took over 20 seconds to appear, the object hovered for about 6 seconds, and the departure occupied another 6 seconds until slight was lost, for a total of about twenty seconds. A second witness was present, whose statement describing the appearance took 14 seconds. Those times are probably a fair accurate estimate than the "five minutes" which the girl seemed to use to indicate any indefinite short time. The nature of the object was determined roughly by showing the girl three rectangles, one square, one with a length-to-width ratio of about 3 to 2, and one with a ratio about 5 to 1. She picked the middle one, adding that the corners were "like it." This description possibly indicates that the object was drawn, but the investigators then asked her how tall she thought each side cut off, about a sixth. She indicated that it was not flat as a shoe, but she had no way to describe how it appeared. The investigators then drew an outline "figure A" adding some additional witnesses and stating the object in perspective with rounded corners ( a guess that this was what she was trying to say): When this picture was shown, the witness, without waiting, stated that it was very much like the object.