There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing a reported UFO sighting near Newark Valley, New York.

BELIEVE IT OR NOT 5/1/64

Tiny Martians Visit Newark Valley?
By BILL SMITH

"One can't believe it, but one can't quite disbelieve it either," said Dr. Frank Slater Jr., principal of Newark Valley High School, as he seemed to summarize the mixed feelings of this small community caught up in a "saucer" mystery.

When one of its residents unfolded a story straight from the "Outer Limits" recently, he startled his neighbors and most of the surrounding country to belief, disbelief, uncertainty, and intense curiosity.

Gary T. Wilcox, 27-year-old dairy farmer who runs his place by himself several miles northeast of the village, claims to have met and talked with two "alien beings" while working his fields last April 24.

Dressed in what appeared to be seamless clothing with full- length hoods, the two beings emerged from an egg-shaped craft which hovered just above the ground, according to Wilcox.

Resembling aluminum, he estimated the craft was about 20 feet long and 16 feet wide, and seemed to be of a shiny metal unlike anything he had ever seen. The two humanoids were about four feet tall and appeared to have arms and legs, though he could not tell whether fingers were also a part of their anatomy. They concealed their features.

"We are from planet Mars," they volunteered to the astonished farmer, who explained that he and his friend had talked to people before.

Suspecting a "practical joke," Wilcox said he continued to talk with them, learning that they were interested in why he used certain fertilizers on his fields and in certain chemical materials in general.

They explained that on Mars, food was grown in the atmosphere, but that "changes in the universe" had occurred them to examine other means of production.

Wilcox said that each one explained to him that the aliens had warned him against telling of the visit, but that he felt it was only a duty to notify the authorities.

FBI agents were notified and reportedly have been questioning local authorities. Meanwhile, another resident reported the Wilcox farm was the scene of a "predation" - earth astronauts'? - and the area was roped off for a time. Helicopters were observed, apparently scanning the area.

As for the Valley residents, there are those who scoff at the idea and those who just aren't sure anymore. As Slater put it, whose students have been talking about it, "One can't believe it, but one can't quite disbelieve it either."