The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that discusses a film studio trio and their plans to release a documentary on UFO sightings.

Text from the document:

Film Studio Trio Here to Review Persons on Sighting
Socoro will have the spotlight in a full feature length documentary film on a strange object that was part of the western sky over Santa Fe, N.M., sometime last fall. The film is being made by Empire Studios, Hollywood, Calif., according to Melvin E. Weldon, public relations director for the firm. 
Melvin, Michael Matte, executive producer, and Joe Swinney, distribution representative, appeared here to sign individuals who were eyewitnesses to the phenomenon for interviews that will be recorded for the documentary. Because it was here on August 24, 1962, that the object was seen by many persons, the film will be featured because of the unusual nature of the object.
Weldon said the 85-minute show will be ready for completion and release by mid-April. No date has been set for completion as yet, he said.
Melvin emphasized that any article or discussion during will be handled with discretion and the widest possible cooperation of all concerned.
(Continued on Page 5)
Film Studio Trio (Continued from Page 1)
selected. He said further Empire Studios will make every effort to insure the authenticity and documentary that might create hysteria or panic.
The documentary will be based on verified information on USAF as Melvin said the studio has the most valuable collection of authenticated UFO information and the verified slides will be used. 
George Todt, Los Angeles Herald-Examiner columnist, will narrate the documentary. Champ, the consulting engineer and astronomer, will serve as technical advisor for the federal government. It is the scientific advisor for the film.
Melvin said the studio will be here until Saturday morning. They arrived late Wednesday.
Melvin said the purpose of the film is to explain in some way the situation concerning the UFO and said that after reading a story in the Denver Post on the UFO sighting here, Mario called it the "most authentic footage" of a UFO film which was then nearly completed was used. They started cutting scenes in the film and showed this to Melvin to provide the basis on what could be found in Socoro. They scrapped about half of the film.
The film will be released to theaters and television stations in many parts of the world.
Among those who would attend the studio premiere would be the studio officials, and Todt, the astronomer, and City Clerk Raymond L. Searns were to be guests of Mayor John Manning, Jr. at luncheon to discuss the production.