The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document that describes an incident that occurred in Socorro, New Mexico.

Text from the document:

and his feeling that he had seen something truly unusual is attested
by the fact that he asked whether he should speak to the priest first
before saying anything about it.

Any question of hallucination seems clearly out. He is a non-drinking
man, and is considered, well-balanced, physically healthy individual. (Photograph No 10). He is a cop who looks as though he could be pretty gruff
with his customers, and in fact, his companions about the UFO sighting
was what it did not allow him to give out his full quota of tickets
for the day. (Photograph will be of Socorro, New Mexico Policeman who
testified to seeing the UFO object). Both men seemed to give
every indication of being devoid of false and being basically simple
and honest. Photograph No 12 is a close-up of one of the markings,
made very shortly after the craft had departed.

By the time that I got to see the area, it had been so badly trampled
over that I could make no assessment of possible burned areas. There appear
to be a fair amount of charred particles mixed in with the dirt, and
some charred cardboard was also found (one). In conclusion, therefore,
that Zamora saw a tangible, physical object, under good daylight
illumination, and from fairly close (at the closest, almost as
little as 100 feet).

It appears certain, that we discover what the physical object actually
was. It is clear that the UFO officandos are going to make a great
case of this one. Two days before me Lorensen, husband of
Carol Lorensen of AFPO, had visited and taken numerous samples of charred
remains and of rocks and ground, I had been at the site more
than ten minutes when Mr Sanford of NICAP showed up and took samples.
Photographs, of course, I made at that time as to how Zamora would
describe this ones. No damage, explacing this ones. My mind but that NICAP
and AFRO, and possibly others considered this was significant, 
standing for an investigation, and will decide any attempt to "explain
it away" as "hallucination conservation".They will see
great store on the paucity of the burns and the relative lack of
disturbance would have been very much exaggerated. They will probably say
that the burns are "plasticized" which can scorch locally, I understand.

It is therefore essential to consider this case of the major UFO sightings
in the history of the Air Force's consideration of this subject, and
to spare no effort in establishing whatever maneuvers of any sort were
taking place in that locality either on the part of the Air Force, the
Army, or even the Navy. However, I am quite certain that it will not
be sufficient for the Air Force in this case to indicate that the sighting
was probably a new type of craft being tested, or that a secret war
was going on or such.