There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Preliminary Investigation of UFO Reports, May 22 - 27, 1964.
William T. Powers, Systems Engineer, Dearborn Observatory
On Friday night, May 22-23, I made a brief telephone survey in response to a request by J. A. Hynek, Director of Dearborn Observatory, following his appraisal of a UFI report of sightings in Lansing, Michigan.
My first call was to UPI in Chicago; a report of a UFO sighting had come in, but from Marion, Indiana. A subsequent call to UPI in Lansing established that reports were coming independently from both locations.
I contacted the Police Department in East Marion, and was informed that police officials in the Marion force and in police departments of surrounding towns (Tipton, Hartford, Tipton County Sheriffs office) had all received numerous reports of single lights and groups of lights, both stationary and moving, which struck witnesses as unusual enough to report. Calls to several of the other departments in the area did not add much information, as the witnesses were on patrol or were not on duty at the time. In every case I was assured that the witnesses would be available if a complete investigation were carried out; in most cases the sightings were logged, or else the records so small enough that the individuals involved will be easy to find.
I did succeed in locating one witness who saw an orange light low in the northwest sky, apparently "1200 - 500 feet high, three to six miles away", having driven to the west end of town (Hartford City) after hearing over his police car radio comments about other sightings in progress. The officer, Robert Meredith, reports that the Blackford county sheriff also had another man who saw the same orange light. It seems clear that the object was Venus, just prior to setting.
The other reports may involve more definite motion, and some involve multiple objects (at least one observation through binoculars), so the Venus explanation cannot readily be extended without further information.
Having established that enough information could be obtained through the sources I reached, I did not pursue the investigation further, but reported my findings to J. A. Hynek at Dearborn Observatory.