The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document, likely an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report.

24 Mr. Burns told me how to find the meadow in which the object was reported. I drove there. checked the area where the object was reported seen, and located a number of impressions not fitting any vehicle's description. I found the meadow, stepped off 100 yards along the edge of it where there is a fence. This revealed an area on the far side of the fence where the grass showed definite signs of something heavy having been there. I then drove to an old bridge which was reported as the location where the object was seen to rise and to the area from there. 45 to 50 feet from where the meadow started there were impressions of something having been on the ground. The dirt showed definite signs of disturbance, apparently the object had rested there for a time. I have no idea what could have made these marks other than a heavy body having been there. The object was reported as being dome-shaped and silvery in color. It was estimated to be about 60 feet in diameter. It rose vertically to an estimated height of about 500 feet and then accelerated rapidly out of sight. I next checked the area where the object was reported to have taken off. This area was about 150 feet from the initial landing area. Here again there were some ground markings, although not as distinct as those in the initial landing area. I returned to the first landing area and as near as I could determine, the ground impressions were about 6 feet in diameter. This was the area in which the object was reported to have been resting. I do not know what could have made these impressions other than a heavy metallic body having been there. I have had considerable experience in identifying various types of ground impressions, and these were definitely not characteristic of any known type of vehicle. They were not the type of impressions that would be made by a soft, rounded object, such as an ordinary balloon, but rather the type of impressions that would be made by a heavy, rigid metallic object.

Force of which 14 were classified as unidentified number of personnel and others attending the 17th "who only reported seeing the lights in the air again, and the effect on the power of his car, and any other observations they could make" Gorman case report:
Received on January 27, 1948Gorman fighters attacked case:
On the night of October 1, 1948 1st Lt. George F. Gorman of the North Dakota Air National Guard was engaged in a prolonged and unusual encounter with a strange light while on a routine night training flight out of Fargo, North Dakota. The object was tracked on ground radar, and intercepted visually by Gorman who pursued it for over a half hour, at times maneuvering around the object at high speed. Gorman repeatedly fired on the object without damaging effect, yet the object occasionally accelerated and made violent turns suggesting intelligent control. The air force concluded that Gorman had encountered an unidentified flying object. This case has been confirmed by competent radar witness and the pilot's account as written up in the official report. There is no doubt that Gorman had an encounter with an unidentified aerial object that demonstrated flight characteristics beyond the capabilities of known aircraft.
Strongly pleasing from the greatly detailed. 2 pages report from Mr. Bowen was any reference to all his earlier reports and attachments which he had made in regard to the particular case of Gorman and which they would easily have verified at the local weather station before making their final determination:
Hynek has made a recommendation to Project Blue Book that a scientific study be made of the Gorman case. The Air Force has ordered that a scientific panel be convened to study and re-evaluate the details of the Gorman case. This panel, it is to be hoped, will take another look at the evidence as presented originally, and include any other evidence which Project Blue Book engineers, Mr. Bowen, and others may have accumulated since the first hasty evaluation. Project Blue Book to date has refused to reconsider the Gorman case, feeling that their original evaluation was correct. However, the data as presented to them by the officials of the North Dakota Air National Guard, and the radar confirmation of the object by ground observers, should justify a more thorough and scientific re-evaluation of this incident.
Nine days after Hynek said he saw the 90 to 100-foot-diameter object near Clarence, New York, on December 14, 1957, Hynek wrote this admission in a letter: "The director of Wright Air Development Center personally suggested that my telling the Air Force officials at that time of the sighting would have been 'inadvisable,' and I have generally followed this line of reasoning in my associations with Project Blue Book."