The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

This was clearly not a hallucination since four people saw it and the first impressions were in rapid succession of patrol cars with blinding lights and then as the object got closer, of an airliner about to crash. There seems to be no doubt in their minds as to the very large solid object, that they had it come closer, it might just have been able to fit in between the successive telephone poles along the road. Personally, I would like to entertain the helicopter hypothesis, but cannot unless the a) angular size is in error; b) the lack of noise is explained; and c) there is an explanation for the absence of landing lights. Still, we should check to see whether a helicopter mission was operating out of Truax Airbase that night.

We should also check the weather records. The witnesses' recollection is that it was a clear night and time to lightning. If they misjudged, it could have been a different than initially thought. Scientific balloons, as I well know, if they ascend rapidly, do not audibly take off and rise rapidly. Therefore, this might just possibly be an unidentified meteor or meteor-like object, in my opinion, unless substantially more information is received. It appears to me that this has been a genuine sighting, we might have had something similar to the recent case of the helicopter near Riverton, Wisconsin, for the lack of noise. It differs, also, of course, in that there was no actual landing. This case, therefore, joins the group of unidentifieds which seems to grow as a strange (and discussed?) group. I believe it would be profitable to enquire further into this, but this time with the mother and daughter, and go over the same ground in the daylight. Weather records for that night should certainly be examined. It is especially important to determine those was an overflight, and what the wind conditions were. In view of the excellence of the observation and the apparent credibility of the witnesses, this case merits serious attention.