There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document with text describing a UFO sighting.

Transcribed text:

Stepped 2250. It's parts (sure a few seconds required) he appear was, could be 500 yards away hovering approximately a 3 feet over a road only a few feet from the ground) went south then west and seemed to shoot straight up, and disappeared from sight in a few seconds. He looked up, and saw a brilliant white light-source. It seemed to envelop a round or disc-shaped object in this brilliance. The light upon this object was illuminating a circle on the ground beneath across the hi-way into the fields. Both a reddish color softened the edges (and apparently illuminated) of the entire circumference of the object being lighted. He is certain that this was nothing other than what he looked up and saw at the light. He took this to be sight-mindedness; the light burned out almost immediately. Shortly after the light went out, the sound came as a somewhat roaring sound. All during the experience, the noise kept up a steady roar, and after the light went out, the sound seemed to move straight up and then off to the east, towards Lansing. Just about straight down the highway. The object had difficult disappearing, the noise similar to a jet engine,  so low he had never heard anything like it before; it definitely could not have been an aircraft sound. Yet a helicopter. The light was on for three or four minutes. He discusses the incident and several other later incidents are described in detail, and from your analysis that it were the "strange object" back. He did not feel any heat. Practically every word for a loud noise was tried out, and was still not quite satisfying to the investigator, who evidently came across a similar case (see sightings) made a note at about 6 above middle. I don't believe I can produce much with a "word" is to be with the sensational. It's concluded and I can't. "You wouldn't believe it, how close is that to what I heard?" He remained several times that he was not surprised he was that the object found would have been so closely followed by a second such incident in the same area.