There does not appear to be a photograph present in this document. The image shows a page of text from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

UFO Sighting, Socorro, New Mexico, 24 Apr 64
13 May 64
Hq USAF SAFOI PB (Mrs Gaiser)
Webb 25 D.C.
1. The following is a resume on the unidentified flying object sighted by Mr. Lonnie Zamora, of Socorro, New Mexico.
a. At approximately 1745, 24 Apr 64, while giving chase to a speeding car, Mr. Zamora heard a roar and saw an object which he believed to be an explosion or a plane crash. He stopped his patrol car, about one half mile away. Mr. Zamora saw a shiny object which he believed was also a policeman for the Socorro Police Department, holding it in his hand. The object suddenly rose up and decided to go to the shack and not pursue the speeding car.
b. Mr. Zamora claims that the flame was bluish and sort of orange. He could also see the size of the flame which was slowly descending. The flame was of a narrow type and appeared to be of a funnel shape. At this time he was still driving his car and did not pay too much attention.
c. As Mr. Zamora got closer to the object, he noted it was an egg-shaped shiny object, about 15 feet long and about 6-7 feet wide. He noted that it was resting about one or two feet off the ground, that it had no windows and no seams. It was still emitting a flame from the underpart. He suddenly noted to the south of this position a shiny object, which appeared to be a car, turned upside down. He thought some kids might have turned it over. At this particular time the object appeared to be quite close to him.
d. As the object was about to take off, Mr. Zamora noted two small figures, about 4 or 5 feet in height, appear near the object. The objects seemed to suddenly start moving rapidly and the two small figures re-entered the object before it began its ascent. Mr. Zamora was about 300 yards away from the object when it took off and he was heading in its direction until it began ascending. At this point, he turned his patrol car around and beat a hasty retreat from the scene. The object accelerated rapidly and disappeared from his sight. The whole incident lasted about 10 minutes.