There is no photograph present in this document page. The text from the document is as follows:

Landing (Continued from Page 4)
just as he picked up on Moss-2. Also, the two sets of round indentations are placed where they would be where a ladder was placed to descend. The door occupants could descend the ladder as it was placed once, did not set solidly and the position was changed. This would indicate that the "feel" of the ladder had spread bases for support.
The incident took place within 300 yards of a heavily traveled road - US. The individual in the case was traveling between El Paso, Texas and Albuquerque, New Mexico. From the gully itself, only the top portion of the object up to the trees to the north, were visible. Therefore the location was perfect cover for anyone who did not want to be seen. 
Two days after the incident, Opal Grinder, a filling station attendant at Socorro, heard about the incident and related an incident on his station on a day prior (just before it) on a slightly varying evening.
A large car pulled in for gas and the driver apparently announced the purpose. The driver said, "How's that?" The man said, "Gonna looking thing almost like a flying saucer, flying low in the canyon." The policeman in a patrol car was headed out into the desert after it at a high rate of speed. 
Grinders was informed there that some of the range men had seen an object and that it was probably just a helicopter. The motorist said that when he drove up, he saw a lighted object hovering for a matter of seconds.
The foregoing seems to bear out the fact if the car was an official car, it has the marks of one in pursuing a speeding helicopter or something. If Grinders one realizes that it is true, then the driver in not having been told does not know of it. But through again he'll mention the incident and he Grinders has no clue to the identity of the man concerned. Except that he remembers the man had used a credit card and could not be traced in that manner. The station ran short of business as it would have been difficult after 45 hours, so they have determined the incident was related to the APFO Grinders has no clue - Zarnora and Chaves told Soco
rro that the object landed close to Socorro, that it was equipped with a landing gear of some kind. The terrain in that valley was very rough and broken and the condition suggested the close proximity to the rough terrain as well as the fact that gear on the "low" side of the object reached so close to the ground.
The condition of the ground and vegetation suggests the presence of heat which scorched and burned vegetation from the spot described by Mrs. Lorenzo's article in the August issue of 1957 magazine.
The, J. Alan Hynek, head of the Department of Astronomy at Northwestern University, who was on the Scene for Air Force-sponsored investigation with the opinion that there was an intensity of heat at the site for a short while. This is corroborated the statement, of course, based on the knowledge of the technicians who made the investigation of Zamora's story simply because the photographs confirmed the range of the object described when compared with our technology, I believe it lies within the range of physical theory.