The image does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

Landing (Continued from Page 4)
ends, the ability to the sound of him was like a soft hissing noise, and the object, which, from that distance (450 feet) appeared to be an oversized car (standing on end) with two children's size dissipated lids on the top, which he thought looked like mechanics' tools, one of them appeared to turn to a man who took his mike down and called Chavez, asking for assistance. He asked him to come alone.

Zamora gave his car up and across the area where he stopped it. He then heard two loud metallic banging noises. He got out of his car and in the area where he had seen the object he noticed it was automatically picked up and put back in place. He took these steps towards the fully and could see the object down the shrubbery. Suddenly it little to his left. Suddenly it rose up rapidly in the air and took off at a great speed westerly as it was wide.

As they rose suddenly and quite suddenly and Zamora stopped in his tracks and looked around. The object began heading southwesterly at a varying speed. It was ascending at a very shallow altitude when it cleared the hill. There were more strange sounds from the object but could do anything in the southwest. Unfortunately they could not say anything, probably because of the excitement of seeing the object, shot out sight and at such a low altitude that it would not have been visible down because of trees and buildings, within minutes, Chavez pulled his patrol car, all sirens buzzing hurried toward him.

"You look like you've seen the devil!" Zamora asked.

Chavez replied, "You look like you've seen the devil too!"

"Well, maybe I have," Zamora said, and related his experience. The two men then walked to the edge of the gully and looked at the ground where the object had been. Several clumps of range grass were

There were four 8-12-inch wedgeshaped depressions, 3 to 4 inches deep arranged in an uneven rectangle. There were also four smaller depressions about 1 1/2 to 2 inches deep not far from the point of the large indentations.

The Investigation

The first word to arrive at the B. site was Lt. Col. Harry Whiffen of the Alamogordo D Research Information Center, Holloman Air Force Base, Lynn Bruer of the Alamogordo D News in Alamogordo as II a.m. on Saturday, the 25th. Mr. and Mrs. Zamora were then preparing for interviews with U.S. Air Force and other investigators. Dr. G. Wehner, a local psychiatrist, was one type of lily often called "cactus lily" had been cut back, near the Zamora home. The Deputy Sheriff in charge, apparently who was at the scene was in Socorro at the time. Holder and another man came out to the site, took photographs and examined the rocks around the indentations to preserve them. Zamora and Deputy Sheriff Chavez searched Zamora's car for any equipment that would have been used to make the indentations. They found none.

After describing the call from Zamora, Chavez, who had been fingerprinting a prisoner, returned to the scene to an inspection. He had been instructed to go south Park Street. Later, when he returned, the lieutenant (whose name he could not recall) told Chavez that he had looked into Zamora's car to see if there were any implements or evidence that could have been affected. There was not, said Chavez, and he felt he could have been affected. There was not, said Chavez, and he felt he could have been better qualified to assist in the initial investigation. 

All questions concerning Zamora's request for "a good man" Chavez felt that he was seeing something unusual and wanted a sympathetic observer to share his experience. All questions were met by Chavez with absolute endorsement. He was personally convinced that Zamora's report was legitimate. The "general consensus" among local law enforcement officers and friends - Police Chief Poole of Socorro as well as other higher authorities - was simply, "If it's a good man, Chavez has it."

Zamora asked Chavez if he wanted further directions, and Zamora's call if police personnel at headquarters could do something in the vicinity of the Berino, New Mexico, Deputy Sheriff Chavez. He opened his car and went to the dynamic back location, arriving just behind Chavez. He had observed the markings on the ground and the indentations.