There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document containing text of a UFO sighting report.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

First Sighting - Questions Answered in Order

1. Sketch attached.
2. All lights involved seemed to shine from their own source. The "cabin or gondola" lights were almost normal in intensity. The noise whatsoever - either piston or jet. Height seemed to be 3000 to 5000 feet.
3. The "landing" lights (2) appeared as a distant auto headlight except much brighter.
4. The brightness of a landing light except it projected no beam.
5. As if seen through a haze due to the brightness of the lights involved and a bright street light nearby. The object appeared to have delta wing construction but not clearly outlined.
6. Refer to sketch - windows were definitely outlined as shown.
7. Traveling in a straight line (northerly) about 50 to 80 MPH. No spinning or erratic course should be presumed.
8. Due to the fact that it made absolutely no noise, also at the low altitude and with no commercial air traffic airports close by, it had no high intensity red rotating lights as nor did I have any running lights at all. In all normal type or aircraft that I am familiar with the cockpit lights would be off so that the pilot may see the dash and controls ordinarily on one.
9. As stated in Answer #4, no beams were projected from any of the lights. I have partially seen similar sights before but conditions would be noted, but there were none on this sighting. No indications any illumination on the ground or surrounding houses and it was directly overhead.
10. Slowly, in a northeasterly direction. After it passed over and I was looking at it from the rear - I only the "landing" lights could be seen as apparently the rest of the windows were only on the end in the direction in which it was heading. As it headed northward, 5 plane (4 to 5 inch)(and test) with the normal compliment of running lights. The engine (piston) of this plane could easily be heard.
11. I do not believe it was any type of aircraft normally used by any country on this planet.