The image contains a photograph. It shows an aerial view of a reservoir with buildings and structures around it. There appear to be several people in the foreground.

"Saucer" Sighting Has Canyon Ferry Buzzin'
By KEN PAYTON
The story was made to order for the Star writer. He was on vacation when the call came from the city room:
"Get out there as fast as you can. There's a flying saucer over Canyon Ferry Dam. It's a corker!"
Canyon Ferry Dam is about 16 miles southeast of Helena, Mont., and it rates a story like this. If there's a missing link in your collection, please, so you'll have something to tell the folks at home, here 'tis:
A flying saucer, or at least an object that was reported to be one, hovered over the Canyon Ferry Reservoir Wednesday evening for better than an hour, according to eyewitness accounts.
The thing, they said, was about three feet in diameter, and it moved through the air in such a way that it was hard to believe, even though three or four people saw it.
The object was first sighted by three men who were working on a house at the Reservoir. Looking up, they saw a slow-moving object at about 9:30 p.m. It seemed to hover, then move, then hover again. The men watched it and called two friends to see it.
Eggshaped Object
They said the so-called flying saucer was an eggshaped affair, about three feet across, that glowed a bluish-white color. It moved in a smooth, silent manner, they reported, and seemed to be some kind of aircraft, but no jet or propeller noise could be heard.
At times it would sort of dip down and then go back up again, always maintaining the same distance from the ground.
This went on for about an hour, the eyewitnesses said.
The father, startled at the strange sight, phoned authorities, but when the deputy sheriff arrived, the object had disappeared.
The father said his son-in-law and another son-in-law who were visiting them also saw the object, as did two other men who were driving along the road near the dam. The four were the first to spot it.
Continued on page 2