The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely a report or bulletin related to Project Blue Book. The text on the page appears to be discussing the details of a reported landing incident.

JULY 1964 
THE A P R 0 BULLETIN
PAGE 3
Landing . . .

This text appears to describe an incident where someone reportedly witnessed a landing of an object. The text discusses various details and information about the reported incident, including reports from witnesses and other related information. However, the image itself does not contain any visible photographs.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

JULY 1964
THE A P R 0 BULLETIN
PAGE 3
Landing . . .

We had also heard about the landing but had not been able to confirm it. However, we did follow up the story and obtained the following details.

On April 12, 1964, Mr. and Mrs. Norman Paulson were driving on a road near the Canyon Ferry Reservoir, Montana. They observed a bright light coming down from the sky and landing approximately 1/4 mile from the road. The object appeared to be suspended above the ground for a short time and then set down.

There are, of course, details which could not be covered by a telephone conversation, so we endeavored to obtain more information.

We called the Paulsons and asked if they would be willing to fill out a questionnaire for us. They readily agreed. This questionnaire was mailed to them and returned, completed, on April 22, 1964.

The following is a summary of the information obtained: 

According to the Paulsons, the object they observed was oval-shaped, approximately 40 to 50 feet in diameter, and about 15 to 20 feet thick. It was a bright metallic color, which changed to a dull red color during the landing. There was a faint humming sound coming from the object.

When the object was first sighted, it was traveling at a high rate of speed, estimated to be approximately 1000 mph. As it approached the ground, the speed decreased and the object made a slight wobbling motion before landing.

After landing, the object remained in position for approximately 2 to 3 minutes, then took off straight up at a high rate of speed, estimated to be approximately 1000 mph. As it climbed, it accelerated rapidly and soon disappeared from sight.

The Paulsons reported that they were quite frightened by the incident and that a few minutes after the object took off, it began to thunder and lightning. They stated that they were certain that they had not seen any conventional aircraft and that the object they observed was definitely of an unusual nature.

Several other people in the area apparently also observed the landing, but the Paulsons were the only ones we were able to contact. We have been unable to obtain any confirmation from other witnesses.

The Paulsons are both highly respected citizens of their community and there is no reason to doubt their sincerity or the factual nature of their report. We feel that this incident is worthy of serious consideration and further investigation.

When the Air Force was contacted about this report, they stated that they had no information about it. Since it is outside the normal channels of reporting, it is doubtful if the Air Force would be aware of it. We shall endeavor to obtain more information about this case and report any further developments.