The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper article with text. I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and extract all the text from the document.

NEW SIGHTS OF SAUCERS
Strange Objects Seen by Several Persons in New Mexico

ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (UPI) - In New Mexico, first site of the atomic bomb and now a space-age military bastion, citizens say they have seen, shot at and run from "flying saucers" and other unidentified flying objects.

A Rio Grande Valley policeman said he saw a strange object that hovered above his car like legs at dusk. When he went to investigate, the object zoomed away. Socorro, N.M., policeman said he ran from it.

Since then, the appearance of strange objects have caused excitement throughout New Mexico, Wyoming and into Montana in the high Rocky Mountains.

Some Explanations:
The Air Force sent its top flying saucer investigator to New Mexico to check the sightings, but he says there is no scientific or military explanation for what so many citizens have seen.

One scientist said a "Superforce" causing the strange sights may be causing radio waves and down-flying jets taking off objects up into the bright stroke lights.

The scientist, Dr. Lincoln LaPaz, Institute of Meteoritics at the University of New Mexico, said there is no danger of outer-space invasion because anyone living outside this terrestrial globe would be displaying similar sightings above our atmosphere.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, head of the astronomy department at Northwestern University, and the Air Force's top consultant on unidentified flying objects, came to the state to investigate but some left believing the objects could not be identified.

Plenty of Radar
"It is my understanding that there are more than its share of radar installations," one officer said, "and those stations seem not to pick up anything."

While Sandia Missile Range, Holloman Air Force Base, Kirtland Air Force Base are among the many military installstions in New Mexico, officials at these radar operations say they have not recorded the flying saucers.

A Zamora, a technical sergeant at the landing site, said the craft behoves much like the object Zamora saw on a picture in the March issue of the U.S. Naval Institute proceedings.

He said the picture is several years old and the same military technicians who will examine the landing marks are familiar with it. Zamora probably is correctly identifying the craft as what he saw, Lapaz said.