The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing an interview about a UFO sighting incident.

The text in the document states:

had spent several years in the Air Force, and knew about project blue book. The morning after the sighting (actually the same day) 1) picked out on the family Hammond Organ the high notes and said the object was "just like waves picks up" This person was D where middle G was lifted by 2 investigator during the interview (his identity had been a week before). There was a roaring noise, but the predominant, and painfully loud sound was odd, like a buzz. Mr. 1) said that he had tried to estimate the size of the object from Lota's description of it and his knowledge of the distance of the island, and came out with a diameter of roughly forty feet. From the time the object descended to the time it made the violent disconcerting reverse turn, Mr. 1) estimates at about twenty seconds. The noise definitely could be heard getting louder and louder for several seconds - perhaps five - before the object appeared in the scene. Immediately after the sighting, 1) found herself completely alone, and was extremely frightened. She went outside, since she could not switch her radio, to see if anyone else was on or if anyone else had seen what was happening, but found no one, all the cottages were dark. In fact, nearly everyone else had already returned home after the weekend, and most of the cottages were deserted.

This interview was conducted entirely by telephone; unfortunately the investigators went to Lansing, the1) could not be reached by telephone, and they were probably gone for the weekend.

Mr. 1) volunteered to return to the cottage and inspect the area; he also said he would contact a local supermarket owner who knows many residents of the resort area to see if he had heard of any other people who might have seen or heard the phenomenon.

It is unfortunate that Miss 1) could not arrive on the scene more quickly to do intensive investigation, since proximity is usually so important in these cases. But it seems clear that there was a highly unusual phenomenon observed by several reliable witnesses.