The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document describing a sighting in Socorro, New Mexico.

Now, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

He asked, "What is it?" I answered, "It looks like a balloon." I don't know if he may have looked at his wrist, which doesn't have seen it. I did not tell him at the moment which window to look out of.
As I was calling Dep, I could still see the object. The object seemed to lift up slightly, close to the ground, and seemed to glide slowly on the ground. The object had no flame whatsoever as it was traveling over the ground, and no smoke or noise.
Peeling in good health, last drink--two or three beers--was over a month ago. Noted no odors, smoke or ground craters then disappeared. Was quite different to UFO types at radio and to Sergeant M3 Chaves to get there - Went down to where the object had been. I asked Sgt. Chaves what he had seen, and he said he had turned on the light and seen an object, but that it had also disappeared. At this time I moved back to my car, told him I was looking for me. Then Sgt. Chaves came up, asked me what I was doing, and I told him what I was doing.
I asked the Sgt. to see what I saw and that was the burning brush. Then Sgt. Chaves and I went to the spot and the ground had also been burned out the brush.
When I first saw the object (when I thought it might be a car,) I saw what appeared to be two legs or some type from the object to the ground. At the same time, I didn't pay much attention to what it was--I thought it was an accident--I saw the two persons.
I didn't pay much attention to the two "legs." The two "legs" were at the bottom of the object and seemed to extend to the ground, seem to be about three and a half feet from the ground, at that time. I just glanced at it.
Can't tell how long may object remain. (Possibly "seconds; possibly 20 seconds--just a guess--for a from the time got out of car, glanced at object, ran from object, looked over object to see what it was, object disappeared.
As my mile fall, I got out of my car, at same area, I heard about two or three loud "bumps." did not see anything unusual in the sky. There "bumps" were possibly a second or long. This was just before the object was over the road. The "bumps" were not seen when I got to the scene area.
Just before Sgt. Chaves got to the scene, I got my pen and drew a picture of the insignia on the object.