There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
10 October 1964

Major Victor Wintenbriik
Box 451, Glendale, Technology Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

RE: Monticello, Wisconsin sighting of 3 April 1964 (incorrectly dated as 2 April on the record card).

On October 10, 1964, I interviewed Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] in Madison, Wisconsin, in regards to this sighting. I was accompanied by Mrs. Herr and by William Powers and Jacques Vallee. The appointment for the interview was made by those several days previously.

Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] were two of the four witnesses to an unusual sighting on the evening of April 3, 1964. Just outside of Monticello (Wisconsin), they observed a strange object in the sky, which they described as cigar-shaped, had a reddish color, and emitted a orange-yellow glow. The object was seen for approximately 15 to 20 minutes.

[redacted] is a graduate student in anthropology at the University of Wisconsin. He was on his way home from work when the sighting occurred. The other two witnesses were a couple, friends of the [redacteds], who were traveling with them.

I have interviewed them in a long while. I would cite his reliability generally high, based on his academic standing and other evidence of integrity, though somewhat tempered by a tendency toward subjective interpretations in some details. Similarly, the other witnesses seem to be persons of good standing in their community, and their accounts were consistent with each other on main points, though of course showing some minor variations between each. 

The sighting lasted for several minutes as the object maneuvered in the sky. There was a total absence of associated sound. The witnesses described the object as approximately 40 to 50 feet long, cigar-shaped, with a reddish color and an orange-yellow glow or light. It appeared to be hovering, then suddenly accelerated to a high speed and disappeared. The sighting occurred several months ago. There was a total absence of usual skepticism about what they had seen, which I always take as a good sign - rather, there was an air of puzzlement and an evaluation of various possibilities.

The facts, as far as I can determine them, are rather a straightforward account of what these apparently reliable witnesses saw, with rather sober and cautious interpretations. The description of the object's appearance and behavior does not seem to fit any conventional aircraft, and the absence of any sound is particularly noteworthy. I would regard this as a relatively high-quality sighting, deserving of further investigation.