There appears to be no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text. 

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

a street which appears on the list of coMminants ( not in chronological involving a report from the "noise" reports.

Saturday afternoon the final call before making this report was received from Sgt Case, #38, of the Michigan State Police, in response to my request for any additional information that he might have. He reported that a Mrs. Smith, of 1012 N. Cedar Street, Lansing, had just reported that she heard on the night of the 20th a "very strange whirring" sound from her back yard, at 9:00 or 9:15 PM. She saw nothing, but found a burned area in her yard, about 10 feet by 4 or 5 feet in dimensions. Leaves lying on the ground were charred, but the grass underneath was not. She has saved samples of the leaves, and is willing to be interviewed. She, too, delayed her report for fear of ridicule, until other reports were publicized. Her husband saw what she saw, and heard the noise.

This brief report actually represents only a small portion of the reports that were received and logged at the police departments in the area. All police agencies appear quite willing to cooperate, and individuals seem to show a healthy mixture of interest and skepticism. My impression is that a more detailed reading of the logs with examination of records as to numbers of movements will eliminate the bulk of reports concerned with noises only, but that other events appear to have occurred which require more detailed investigation and probably will call for several different explanations.

There follows a list of AGENCIES and some of the persons who made reports; this is a very abbreviated list, and is given only for the purpose of aiding identification of the proper log pages or proper individuals with whom to communicate.

MARION, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT: 317 - NO 8-8131
Tom Dennis, Chief 
Richard Harrigan, Asst. Chief. Refer: men who work North car, right

KOKOMO, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT (SHERIFF'S POLICE)- 317-01, 2-2+4
HARTFORD CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT, 317 - 348-7530