There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and transcribe all the text found in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
CONTINUATION SHEET
(Classification and Control Markings)
(S) Weather balloons at Athens, Ga, and Jacksonville Fla., at 2109 hours, Eastern Standard time, on 13 September 1964, traveled northeastward but nothing is known of a flight after this time.
There is no evidence that any of the balloons released from the three locations described would have drifted to Macon Ga. area, since winds would not have carried them in this direction.

2a. Description of two objects observed: 
(1) Shapes: Star like
(2) Size: Appeared to be much larger than a bright star 
(3) Color: Color was like a star. One object was bright and the other was dim.
(4) Number: Two (2)
(5) Formation: if more than one: No discernible formation. The bright object was seen slightly below the dim object.
(6) Any distinguishable features or details: None
(7) Trails, tails, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s)?: No trails, tails, or exhaust
(8) Sound: No sound detected
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: None

b. Attempts to correlate sightings (s) to the object(s)?
Attention was first drawn to the area of these two objects by motion of first object sighted. Attention attempted to the two objects because they were moving and they were brighter than the surrounding night sky. Magnitude of objects appeared to be 45 degrees to 50 degrees above the horizon between the "Little Dipper" and the "Morning Star".
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of objects upon disappearance: Objects were still visible and active when witnesses went ind oors at about 2047.
6 350 deg to 6 380 deg. Eastern Standard Time.
(6) Description of flight paths and/or maneuvers of objects: Up and down and side to side for a distance of about 15 inches in a pattern like the letter S.