The image contains a photograph depicting a diagram of a "Gigantic UFO Lands Near Staunton, Virginia". The diagram shows the profile of a large unidentified flying object hovering above the ground, with various annotations describing its size, speed, and other details. There is no human face present in this image.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

FSIC BULLETIN

PREPARED BY THE FLYING SAUCER
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE OF AKRON, OHIO
P.O. DRAWER 6 - AKRON, OHIO - 44305

VOL 2 NO. 1

GIGANTIC UFO LANDS NEAR STAUNTON, VIRGINIA

Unidentified flying objects were again sighted on the evening of December 21, 1964, about 5 miles east of Staunton, Virginia, according to the report received by the Flying Saucer Investigating Committee of Akron, Ohio. The sighting was reportedly caused by the air currents under it. It suddenly came straight up and disappeared into the clouds in a matter of seconds after being above the ground from 8 to 10 minutes. The object was described as silvery in color, and emitting a bright light. Its size was estimated to be 125 feet in diameter and 35 feet high. Its speed was estimated to have been about 10 miles per hour.

Two cars, one carrying Mr. and Mrs. Burns, the other carrying another couple from Staunton, saw the object again and were surrounded by a bright light from it. Mr. Burns stated that the object had illuminated the entire area and was apparently very much interested and concerned with the two cars. The next day, the local newspaper published the story and stated that many highway patrol officers had confirmed the sighting, and that the object had been tracked on radar. It is stated that many highways must have been closed by the USAF, as the object had landed on a highway. This account was taken from a report by Major Idadooe of the USAF, stationed at Langley Air Force Base.

Horace Burns went home and told Mrs. Burns the story of what he and his wife had witnessed. The next day, he called the local newspaper and reported the sighting. The newspaper, in turn, called Major Idadooe of the USAF, who confirmed the sighting. Major Idadooe stated that "this is the first time this has happened in my seven years' experience." He further stated that the "object emitted a bright light and hovered at about 500 feet above the ground for 8 to 10 minutes." After that, it suddenly shot straight up and disappeared into the clouds in a matter of seconds.

(Continued on Page 2)

Diagram of the landing area of a gigantic UFO as taken east of Staunton, Virginia, at 5:00 p.m. on December 21, 1964.