The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document. It does not contain any photographs, but rather a news article with the headline "AF Is Querying UFO Sighters" and "Daylight UFO sighting reported".

The text of the document is as follows:

AF Is Querying UFO Sighters

Two Air Force officers from Griffis Air Force Base, Rome, New York, are today, questioning people who have reported seeing flying objects in the Triple Cities areas of New York state in recent weeks, according to an Air Force release.

The investigation, scheduled night watching the heavens, and resulted in an Air Force report on several instances of UFOs sightings the number, location, types and movements of those seen, reports the release.

The investigation is being conducted by the Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio, Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, the release continued.

IN THE LAST 10 WEEKS GROUPS all over the country have reported seeing strange objects in the sky, usually at night. Most of the sightings have come from telephone line for the Air Force, in areas near military Bases, where unidentified objects have been looked up at the sky and seen speeding past.

Many citizens, said a Griffis spokesman have told their stories but that what they saw was not from this world, a spokesman said. Some of them insisted it is secret devices of the Soviet Union.

Daylight UFO sighting reported 

A Binghamton woman yesterday reported seeing a brilliant daylight UFO. This was the earliest reported since the night before, when the witnesses waited until 8:50 P.M. to make their report.

Mrs. Adelia C. Reed of 128 St. Clair Ave., Binghamton, told the Broome County Civil Defense director, Mr. Welch, that she observed the brilliant sighting at 7:20 a.m. yesterday.

"Two never seen anything like it before. It was not, according to her, a plane, balloon or any other natural phenomena."

The lady had a headache and was watching for the sighting to go over, which it finally did at 7:28 a.m.

Mrs. Adelia C. Reed further said that the object appeared to be round and metallic and made no sound. 

"We waited for it to come over this line twice before," she said. "That is when I got a better look at it."

Mrs. Grady H. Keller of Round Valley, Texas, was reported to the Valley Traffic Court, reporting seeing a bright light hovering over Pecos, Tex., in the early morning yesterday.