This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document or newspaper.

Text from the document:

Police Capture Three Burglars
Police captured three burglars in two separate incidents over the weekend. A nine-hour manhunt led to the arrest of two burglars who had broken into a Rassett Shopping Center store. Radio Patrolman H. L. Harris and Detectives Thomas S. Keenan and Robert S. Malaney made the arrests. They were charged with burglary and theft. The other incident involved the arrest of one burglar who had broken into a home. David Moody used a shotgun to capture the suspect after a neighbor reported a prowler on the property. 

Maryland Views Wallace
WASHINGTON, April 27 - Maryland's Democratic leaders are taking a dim view of George C. Wallace's announced intention to campaign in the state for the May 19 Democratic primary. The state's Attorney General, Thomas B. Finan, said "there comes a day we must take a stand against those who preach hate and intolerance," and promised that Wallace would not receive a welcome with "open arms" in Maryland.

Power, Prove He Dipped Into Millions
UNLIKE MOST pension fund and government officials who seek their influence and power through real-estate loans, Albert J. Carito drew his influence from his position as an insurance agent and advisor. According to the grand jury, Carito made his influence count through various of the seven others in the complex real-estate transaction involving nearly $10 million in mortgage loans close to Hoffa. The indictment charges that Carito used his influence to intervene on Hoffa's behalf when the Teamsters sought to reduce their influence with him. 

However, it is alleged, Carito and several of the others made "false and misleading statements" about the loans to the trustees of the Teamster pension fund. IN ONE CASE, according to the charges, Hoffa told the trustees that a $2 million loan would be needed to buy a home for the personal use and benefit of the borrower.