This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University, dated November 25, 1954, addressed to "Sergeant David Moody" of the Foreign Technology Division.

The text of the letter is as follows:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS
25 November 1954

Sergeant David Moody
Foreign Technology Division
Box 2942
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Dave:

Thanks for your letter of November 19. I've looked over the data you sent me. There doesn't appear to be anything extraordinary or pressing about what you say it is, and although we don't have a positive identification of the object, I would say that it is most likely a conventional aircraft. I would claim this is so in view of the Echo schedules, you can be more positive in your identification.

There will be more sightings soon, and as I said before, it will be very close to the source of supply for these maneuvers. 

I would like to get more data on the Brynfield, Massachusetts situation. It indicates something on a moon, but it is so indefinite that it hardly seems worth following up right now. I shall leave that up to you to investigate if you feel the questions are worthwhile.

The scene that goes for the Fort Jones-Mt. Shasta, 30 October sighting. That also isn't anything that isn't all that reliable. The object could have been equipment dropped for the 2 October, Milledgeville, Georgia case, and the 14 October, Atlantic City, New Jersey, case.

What about Major x's plans for coming to Chicago in December? Are you over on Friday? I will be free to see you at that time, if so. If he comes to the Chicago area then it might be a good time for us to take a visit. I'm a little tied up here until the end of the month, but I shall try to come to Dayton some time in December. Dropping by Columbus the next time I come to Dayton may be possible.

In the meantime, have a very good Thanksgiving, and, as the old cliché goes, best wishes.

Cordially,
Allen