The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

was admitted that they were real, the public might accuse Russia. In that case it was necessary to drop the line that they could be inter-planetary, through which we gathered no evidence that they were. Any septic person confronted with a remarkable statement, but if he had any reasonable reason to doubt it must discard it. While some have insisted that the UFOs, whatever they were, were real. Indeed, the statement as reported in the Saturday Evening Post and Review of the FLYING SAUCER REVIEW, the military nature of the observers is hypoteical but if it is taken as fact it would not alter the views of the FLYING SAUCER REVIEW. While the REVIEW has evidence that they are interpellations it has no absolute proof.
U.S.Air Force admissions which led to the sensational disclosure of American recoperation in a number taken from the local Las Cruces Sun-News for April 26, Zamora, who is a Socorro policeman that he saw an egg-shaped flying object land near here has the FBI and military authorities interested.
Zamora said he saw the object but also saw two occupants who alighted when the object traveled southweed of Socorro. In conclusion, Chavez said he received a "State police Report, Sam Chavez said he received a call indicating the site would be inspected by someone from Washington.
Officer Zamora tells his experience: While in his patrol car about 5.50 p.m. he heard what he thought was an explosion in the area. When a aground was about 300 yards of the draw where he spotted what appeared to be an overturned car. Closer he saw two figures in white moving about outside the vehicle. One looked directly at him. He Zamora marveled at the bizarre nature of what he was viewing. He continued driving to the draw and parked. He was about 100 feet of the object, a brilliant white metal, rise and tower about 20 feet off the ground. It then appeared to become larger and receded into the distance and took off "I was scared," said Zamora, when he heard the deep roar. It thought it was going to blow up. Zamora joined him and both approached the site of the apparent landing. They found scorched ground and burned weeds. They also found four 1-1/2 inch depressions in the ground which apparently had supported a heavy object.