The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this particular page. 

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

"Reliable witness not questioned. This seems like contradictory testimony. How can one consider a witness reliable, if one also suspects that he may be mistaken in his identification, or even hallucinatory, even hecklinq, possibly if it is not he who should have a thorough physical examination where 35 additional witnesses to the same sighting were examined. The lie detector test, while it is true that at the time the sighting was made, the object in school boys, and in that of Stanton, who saw a large OFD traveling rapidly about 500 or 600 feet in the air and the landing an after the sighting, which occurred about 3:30 minutes before the boys called the police. The object was first reported to the Air Force, about 10 minutes before the police were called but it is doubtful that this intervening period would do much to eliminate the possibility of mistake or hallucination on the part of the witness. This and the additional witnesses help to corroborate the reliability of the witness. Larry 11 and J. Richmond told - Dispatch articles that they saw the object had it any substantial supporting physical evidence. there was no additional witnesses. 

This paper does not exhaust the inconsistencies and discrepancies in the official report of its 'official investigation' one or two of which seem to indicate that the report should be considered less than fair and open-minded. As a consequence, a good many persons who have studied the data that is available, remain seriously unconvinced that the Air Force, in its haste to explain away the aerial phenomena, adequately investigated the case. The subjeot for reasons unknown to us, has not been adequately by the means available to the Air Force, Project Blue Book, has on force vs recommendations responsibility.

While on the whole we have very high regard for the United States Air Force, it's tremendous responsibilities regarding the security of our country, not to mention the strain in the scientific community and the public, we cannot help feeling that the aerial phenomena section of the foreign technology division, and some of its personnel."