The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing a pilot's sighting of an unidentified aerial phenomenon over South Africa.

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY
SOURCE: FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
MAGAZINE, Volume 10, No. 4

SOUTH AFRICA
A pilot's sighting
This incident, briefly reported in
our previous issue, can now be more
fully documented. Captain R. H.
Miller, a pilot of South African Airways, whose report appeared in the
AFRICAN Journal of Science and his letter
appeared in the March, 1964, issue
of Flying Saucer Review, was flying a Boeing 707 from Las
Palmas to Zürich on the 15th February, 1964, when he noticed a bright bluish-
white glow in the Eastern sky at 06.11
GMT. When observed through the
front panel of the aircraft, the glow
seemed to be about 8 in. in diameter
and was perfectly spherical.
The aircraft was at an altitude of
35,000 ft., heading 033° T.
"I pointed it out to my co-pilot and myself
included the crew, and we all watched the glow for about 10
minutes. During this time it did not
appear to change its position in
relation to the aircraft, which was in
its vicinity, or in relation to the aircraft. I recorded the azimuth and
altitude and estimated the distance
to be about 10 to 15 miles and the
object motionless and stationary."
This was done at 06.25
GMT which would be 08.25 and
GOT 5 respectively.
"Prevailing meteorological conditions were a layer of about 15,000 ft. immediately below the aircraft. This layer
became broken towards the African
coast and the N.E. There was also
some cirrostratus and wisps of cirrus
to the N.E. The air temperature was
about -35°C."
"From the height at which we were
flying, the Eastern sky was lighter, the
lighter being prior to sunrise, and the glow
began to assume an elliptical shape
with the long axis horizontal. The
position of the glow was now shifting
in relation to stars and the aircraft,
and we observed its attitude as changing
slowly, but its size appeared to diminish."
"As the Eastern sky became brighter, the glow appeared to increase in
size, becoming more diffuse and
the now larger ellipse diffusing and
sparkling oval and finally disappearing
just before the sun appeared above
the horizon."
"From first observation the glow
appeared in space, but the later
fairly rapid change in position in
relation to the aircraft indicated that
it was not."
"At the time, I should be most interested
to hear any explanation of the
phenomenon."