The image does not contain any photographic elements. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

OCR Text Output:

.9 Jafm

l*J*"C? DA.Tn

jr. Dieec:.

Tn Vieu' of ihe foet that 1 jlnowledye your interest in the subject of UFO'S, i am taking the liberty of writing to jvtti In connection with an iiitSfBsbiTig sight&n^ which oocuarod about a month ago.

In the Frankforfc area or Kentucky, on December 31, 1963, sometime around 7i30 pi!, a Kd"ntuck y State Policeman vas driving his cruiser alone on. U.3. highway 127 just south of Frankfort, Kentucky, Viien he suddenly observed a very bright light approaching him from behind at a rapid rate of speed, Trie light appearod to be perhaps 100 feet above the ground and was so intense that it lighted up the entire highway as it approached him, 

AS the light drev closer, the officer could see that it va« a circular or disc-shaped object with reddish or orangish lights around the perimeter. Tne object appeared to be about 40 to 50 feet in diameter. AS it passed directly over the police officer's car at an estimated height of about 75-100 feet, the engine of the police car stalled and the radio went dead. 

Whan the object had passed over the car, the engine and radio were immediately restored to normal operation, Wo noise nor exhaust could be detected from the object.

Tho officer followed the object for a short distance as it continued on in a straight line to the north and then accelerated at a very rapid rate of speed and disappeared from sight.

The officer did state that at no time did he Observe any wings or other structural members or appendages on the object, Only the circular or disc-shaped configuration with the reddish or orangish lights around the perimeter.

I believe this incident to be quite significant, and I would be interested in knowing if you have received any similar reports from that general area or if you have any comments or observations which you could share with me on this matter.

Thank you for your information you can give me.

Very truly yours,