The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document containing a sighting account of a UFO.

SIGHTING ACCOUNT

The following is a signed account of a UFO sighting by my brother and myself:

THE SIGHTING:

Myself, the undersigned, Mr. A. and Mr. B. had just driven into the East Gardner parking lot, Danvers, Massachusetts upon returning from lunch.

Mr. A. called our attention to a strange-appearing object in the sky, about one-half mile distant, traveling at a very high rate of speed through the sky in-front and below us. This object was circular in shape, very bright, and the reflection from the sun was so strong that it was difficult to gaze at it directly.

We estimated the object to be a sea gull at first, but the speed and maneuverability of the object quickly eliminated this possibility. The object was traveling in a very erratic flight, at times appearing to reverse its direction, and at others side-slipping through the sky at a terrific speed.

My brother and I watched the object for approximately 20-30 seconds, and since both Mr. A. and I knew of each other's interest in UFOs, we both realized immediately that this was no normal aircraft or natural phenomenon.

It is interesting that within a few seconds I realized that it was not a sea gull and had little chance to see it. We then tried to get a better look, but the object had by this time climbed to a very high altitude and disappeared from view.

By this time the object disappeared only seemed to be about the size of a small star. Mr. A. never got a close look at it.

It is interesting that within a few seconds I realized that it was not a sea gull and had little chance to see it. We then tried to get a better look, but the object had by this time climbed to a very high altitude and disappeared from view.

By this time the object disappeared only seemed to be about the size of a small star. Mr. A. never got a close look at it.

According to the U.S. Weather Bureau at Boston, the altitude of the sighting was 2500 feet. If I assume the following:
1. The UFO was at an altitude higher than 2500 feet.
2. The UFO was at an angle of 30° above the horizon.
3. The UFO had an apparent diameter of 1/10 of a degree.

Then the UFO was 500' lower than 2500' and had a real diameter of 1.30'.