There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs). The document provides detailed photographic data about a particular case, including the make of the camera, the film size, speed, and exposure information. It also mentions additional miscellaneous information, such as the enclosed photo being a copy of a print sent to the observer, and details about the camera and the location where the photo was taken. The document is concluded with the observer's analysis and conclusions about the potential significance of the reported UFO sighting.

REPORT ANALYSIS (continued)
PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA
MAKE OF CAMERA - Crown Graphex-Graphic
SIZE OF FILM - 4 X 5
SPEED OF FILM - 100
LENS OPENING - F 4.5 (lowest camera would go)
DISTANCE SETTING - Infinity
EXPOSURE INFORMATION - 3 Exposures on one 4 X 5 sheet length of each exposure = 1 minute time between each exposure = 1
MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION -
1. Enclosed photo is a copy of the print sent me. I have not seen the negative or other photos yet. All correspondence was by mail and telephone.
(Photo History - I had a negative made from the print sent me and had copies made from it. Very little detail was lost if an)
2. Camera was held by tripod
3. Photo taken from open 4th story window
4. Other photos and negatives in possession of observers
College Address: c/o St. Anselm's College
Home Addresses: Manchester, N.H. (See UFO Data Sheet)
David Van Buskirk, Dunstar St., Framingham, Mass.
CONCLUSION:
This report is submitted to supply information to those who are investigating unidentified flying objects. By itself it helps demonstrate that objects exist. When added to the ever-growing body of UFO information it may help in some way to discover the more important questions such as: What are UFO's? How are they propelled? What effect will they have upon mankind if they are inter-planetary in origin? It is to this end that this report is written. To the best of my knowledge the information contained within it is factual.