There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document.

Using optical character recognition (OCR), the text found in the document is as follows:

then for the object to travel thirty degrees in three seconds, or ten degrees per second, it would have to have been about 25 miles away, even with an elevation of thirty degrees (an upper limit) it would have been only about 13 or 14 miles high. In order for the motor, if it was such, to have been at a more proper height, the line of sight distance would have to be at least four to six times the distance just calculated, and the velocity would have to have been very high, perhaps 20 to 30 miles per second. 

The sudden cessation of light, with no trail left behind, no shattering into smaller pieces, and no fading of the glow, suggests either an extremely high velocity meteor or small disc which was completely consumed before it could lose velocity significantly, or the more interesting possibility of a meteor of larger size and very high velocity which "skipped" in and out of the atmosphere.

Unfortunately, both Thornton and caught sight of the object when it was due south, so no correlation of starting point is possible, and Thornton could not remember very closely how far the object went before it winked out, except to say that the trajectory ended "in the southwest." He reported the same duration of 2 to 3 seconds. Within the limits of the estimates, with being the interior one, the light's extent paralleled, when the light went off, indicating a large distance. The same limits of error, however, would permit the light to be as close as 6 miles, travelling, however, at a speed of one mile per second. At such a speed, low in the atmosphere, any material object would be visible at night by virtue of its high skin temperature, and the light could not cease abruptly.

The initially reported that the object returned from the West soon after they pulled off the road to look around. They determined on their own, without assistance from anyone else, that the same object was performing as a "satellite" - this was the planet Venus (it was in an entirely different part of the sky), and so the entire report was dismissed as a mistaken observation of a satellite or distant planet.