The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. 

Text from the document:

It seems much more likely to me that he saw a strange craft which is BEING REPORTED. The first sighting and the landing in Socorro if it is so much secret why would anyone be landing a half mile south of a town - why also have we been unable to identify those who supposedly saw it. The year 1964 had fifteen other unidentified cases besides Zamora's. I investigated two others, one a very interesting incident which occurred to two grandsons of a friend. The University of Wisconsin along with their mother-in-law and their kid sister. They were "buzzing" by some strange craft after their car which seemed to be controlled by something that was above or behind them. They had a similar array of lights hover in a wheat field by the side of the road.

There is no question that a mighty folklore is being built up in this whole field. Someone who might be worthwhile to document all this for the benefit of historians would find it bountiful. However, I have observed the difficulty some reporters have in writing up simple happenings. They seem to be much better at generalizations, but be that as it may, the people who believe in flying saucers are generally consistent. This is Hynek's advice no. 1 and it is full of holes as Swiss cheese, but it seems thoroughly disliked in their thinking that Unidentified Flying Objects don't need any proof as existence and generally, do a much better job at "evaluating" reports than the average run-of-the-mill scientist who just don't seem to need any proof whatever so long as he can make a cheap thrill out of vilifying the Air Force and in "real-whittling" each other.

On the other hand, the activity or UFO's that I have come across are essentially negative in character. Essentially even though they have had an experience that they can't understand, and are extremely anxious about it, then it is not very credible to them, one gathers, that they wish the whole thing hadn't happened. They are much more likely to tell one another "I saw a light" than they are to tell the outsider. Therefore, it may be that they will be able to open up about their experiences and generally, be of help to those of us who are trying to do a job on determining the nature of the phenomenon that even Johns and generals have been lost to unless their having reported their experiences.

It is reportable such a study was constitute the phenomenon to which a great many observers attention should be given. It is easy to divide the area of inquiry, following different criteria, and probably to come up with something very puzzling. I think we have some sort of social obligation to do as good a job as we can do in these series of "unidentified" down the years, if regard is to be their place on the continent. Something, yet positive, may be able to (if we are given the opportunity) come up with answers that would stand up in court, but if we still accompany the results of a wide survey in this research, the Air Force is no (primarily) a scientific organization, and its concern in these is more or less for security reasons.