There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

Landing and obtained a reading on the geiger counter which he indicated had a count of 7,000 counts per minute. Highway 250 has heavy traffic. At no time during the sighting was there any indication of radioactivity on the ground or any damage to the foliage at the landing site. He indicated that he would forward his investigative data and information but was requested to give no further information. The time of the sighting was reported as after dark during twilight.
Lights were reportedly seen descend on the highway and the object began on the highway. Sunset for 21 Dec at 1645. If the sighting was approximately 1645, allowance should be made for the mountains and the fact that the object appeared to contact the ground at a range of approximately 3 miles, thus visibility would be obstructed by the mountains for at least 30 minutes. The sighting lasted 11 minutes with a destination of plus or minus 6 min. placing the moon below the horizon. The time of the sighting is estimated as shortly after 1700.
ANALYSIS:
Radiation: The most pertinent fact in the alleged landing was the geiger counter reading by Project personnel. The radiation count of 7,000 counts per minute consulted Major James Sproul, specialist in radiation. Major Sproul stated that this count was not considered unusually high when related to natural background count rates. Since the geiger counter used by investigators indicated no abnormal readings, there is no alternative but to conclude that radiation is not a factor in this case.
CONSIDERATION OF POSSIBLE HALLUCINATION, PRANK OR A HOAX: 
 "During the conversations, interview and subsequent trip to the alleged landing site, there was nothing derogatory in the actions or statements of the witnesses to indicate that the conclusion regarding hallucination is possible. The witness's reliability is not questioned."
"Possibility of a prank or trick being played upon the witnesses is considered, since an unusual sighting and anomaly reported. However, no connection was established between the witnesses and any known factors to support this speculation, so no conclusion for this can be considered."
"It is considered that possibility of a hoax was considered. There is no apparent motive. It seems unlikely that the witnesses would attempt to deride if the sighting were determined to be a hoax."
CONCLUSION:
It is believed that a vehicle of this size would be observed by additional witnesses at the time and location of the reported event. There were no additional witnesses. There was no confirmation of radioactivity in the area. Grass and weeds had not been damaged. There was a total lack of any indication that an unusual event had taken place. Analysis of the data collected fails to reveal any evidence of an alleged landing.