There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text and a hand-drawn sketch.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

It seemed to turn straight up slowly, and then disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind. 

A white halo seemed to be around the object. It moved behind a halo.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

Yes, it moved in front of a white halo.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape chulling-or-balloon
b. Color whitish - silver

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

About 1/3 of the object would have been covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is provided showing an approximately circular or elliptical object with a vapor trail behind it, and an arrow indicating the direction of movement.]

OCR Text:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It seemed to turn straight up slowly, and then disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind. A white halo seemed to be around the object. It moved behind a halo.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of. Yes, it moved in front of a white halo.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape chulling-or-balloon
b. Color whitish - silver

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About 1/3 of the object would have been covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.