The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

Transcribing the text:

HEADQUARTERS
3560TH PILOT TRAINING WING (ATC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Webb AFB, Texas

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:

AB-PLANS

SUBJECT:  UFO Investigation

TO:
AFSC (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. In accordance with paragraph 13b, AFR 200-2 and based on a UFO report submitted by Captain B. Brown and Lt. Marsden (attachment 1) the following data and information is forwarded:

a. Captain B. Brown, a T-33 Instructor Pilot, age 38, and holds a B.A. Degree. His occupation involves both observation and technical knowledge. Further, Captain Brown has 6,200 hours of flying time; 1,500 hours of which was flown in the Webb AFB area.

b. Lt. Marsden is a Navigator Pilot, age 24, and holds a B.B.A. Degree. Observation and technical knowledge are involved in his training. He Marsden has over 1,200 hours of flying time and 811 200 hours were flown at Webb AFB, Texas.

2. This object was first sighted by the two pilots while airborne. The object was a bright blinking white light, round in shape. This object was approximately the size of a dime held at arm's length. Only one object was reported by the observers; therefore, no formation was sighted. There were no other pertinent features described by Lt. Marsden and Captain Brown in their report.

3. The object was first noticed by Lt. Marsden who immediately called Captain Brown's attention to it. Both pilots agree on the location and course of the object which is as follows:

a. The object was seen at 11 o'clock (relative position) and at an angle of 15-20 degrees which was approximately 4-2 NM northwest of Webb AFB. The object was stationary which was approx 42 NM northwest of Webb AFB.

b. When the light was first noted, it was stationary and a blinker as seen. However, when the pilot tried to move closer, the light appeared to move away. This action was repeated several times, and the light diminished in size as the plane turned toward it and was out of sight in 3 to 4 seconds.

c. The total length of time that the light was visible was not more than three minutes.