There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:

DID UFO'S CAUSE THE GREAT NORTHEASTERN POWER FAILURE? 
by John J. Robinson -

November 9th, 1965, was a day long to be remembered by some thirty million people in the northeastern United States, where one-sixth of our total population is concentrated. This region, which the most densely populated in the world, the trouble even included a portion of eastern Canada, and caused havoc for a great many of good neighbors.
The power failure was at the height of the evening rush hour, caught many New Yorkers and others suspended in mid-air. twenty-five floats glided from the city streets, Broadway, trapped underground, in the tunnels of New York's subways, stranded thousand of people waiting for trains, it later created more problems as cars broke down, out of gas - which could not be repaired. The bridges and tunnels leading from the city became looded with cars that could not move, while on the city streets jammed with frantic humanity.
Our editors, James Wanset, had the ward experience for Fort Lee, New Jersey, when blackout came. He had the onroad experience of watching the Philadelphia channels started coming in clearly for the first time in history. After midnight, the terrible desolation began. There was little to nothing. Thousands of people were stranded, and every available building lobby, in a scene reminiscent of the world war II bombings.
The UN building, the UN students, had never been so light-beating, group of them playing basketball, supplied by a listener in New Jersey - most of which was unaffected by the blackout. The imperial induce trancision system was bombarded by twenty-fourth floor by groups of engineers, via telephones, trying to cause their way up the steps with matches! 
What has happened to cause all this confusion? The science-fiction stories had turned off the power for an area which included most or all of eight states. One of the demands, and the plants supplying the region's electricity simply went out of commission - All power grids in this area bounded together, which is called a "power grid". It consists of 42 electrical utility companies in Pennsylvania, the power failure caused by a high demand for electricity, when twenty-three, companies involved, and most of Maine was able to do the same thing. Twenty-seven communities, however, were disaster. The overload on their generators created not only a power drain but also on distribution breakdown which could not keep up with the terrific demands, however, and these will have to have their huge armature rewound before they can operate again.
What caused the trouble? So one seems to know. The New York Daily News of November 11th stated: "There is no mechanical failure." The New York Times reported any damage, the equipment found which would indicate mechanical failure.