There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Intelligence Staffs Plagued by 'Objects' for 20 Years
Intelligence Staffs Plagued by 'Objects' for 20 Years
As Major John Carden Corry, who prepared this text, indicates, the Intelligence Staffs of the U. S. Air Force have been plagued by "Objects" and reports of "flying saucers" for the past 20 years. (See OBJECTS - Page 3)
It is also evident that Captain Edward J. Ruppelt, who had a 3-year tour as director of Project Blue Book, the USAF's official UFO investigating agency, has made a profound study of the situation. His progress, however, has been impeded by these "Objects" concerning which, he says, "there are still a great number of cases in which the object is unidentified."
In the majority of cases, there are explanations, and another conclusion is that you have seen what you think you saw, but there are still many unexplained cases. A UFO might come around daylight UFOs in the balloon. The great balloons carrying scientific instruments can rise to fantastic heights, and in the hours near dawn or dusk can take on brilliant hues. They sometimes take on odd shapes, too, because they are made of transparent material and their outlines are dimmed by reflection from the near-surface. I have seen a perfect sphere formed this way -- (- and have even seen it "launch" something toward earth. The transparent shape which does not outline any familiar shape could be followed by a less vertical trail of smoke or gas, illuminated by a light which before had given the sphere its brilliant hue.
TWO. Another conclusion might prove to be that UFOs are some secret military aircraft, such as jet fighters, flying at tremendous speeds and elevations, or strange-appearing atmospheric phenomena. Relative to the secret military aircraft, there is always the possibility of seeing things which are secret and highly significant. Regarding the atmospheric phenomena, some think on occasion can be observed to be a natural thing. Dependent on the degree, the running lights are seen at certain times, depending on the angle, the time and location of the observer. Some think they are secret military aircraft, and others argue that they are part of our regular programs, some even airplanes.