There is no photograph present in the provided image. Instead, the image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Agenda, continued.

Services have recently stated requirements for stafftracking and acquisition specialized platforms. Mr. Bilhorn will summarize the NCAR position at the meeting. The Panel is requested to advise NCAR on its major responses to these requirements.
7. Progress on heavy land launch development program -- Thomas W. Bilhorn

Our current operations on the Cape have indicated that specialized equipment and techniques will be critically reviewed by Mr. Bilhorn. Panel comments and recommendations are requested.
8. Request by Dr. Delbouille of Belgium for balloon flight services -- Alvin L. Morris

Dr. L. Delbouille of the Institut D'Astrophysique of the Universite de Liège has requested that NCAR provide flight services for a series of flights planned by him and his colleagues. A brief summary of the experiment they propose and technical facilities they plan to use are enclosed, Appendix C. Dr. Delbouille and Dr. Roland Gauthier have discussed facilities in the U.S. and determined that our facilities meet their requirements best. They were especially concerned about telemetry and command systems; our standard PCM system meets their requirements. Additional information has been requested from Dr. Delbouille in order to determine is these operational requirements more realistically. At present we know that he wishes to fly the equipment to altitudes above 90,000 feet, that it consists of a telescope which must be directed with precision (± 3") at first, but more precision (± 1 800) will suffice and that the payload weight will make the first flight in the autumn of 1966. Additional information will be presented to the Panel at the meeting if it arrives in time.

We foresee no particular operational difficulties and the costs to NCAR beyond our normal operating costs will be almost negligible. Some equipment such as airborne telemetry and command unit may have to be loaned to the project on a long term basis.

The Panel is requested to approve NCAR participation in the request.