The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS 
Report Summary

(1) Description of the object(s)
(2) Date/Time/Duration of Observation
(3) Physical Characteristics (size, shape, color, brightness etc., if known) 
(4) Manner of flight (course, speed, altitude, maneuvers, etc.)
(5) Weather conditions during observation
(6) Local and surrounding terrain
(7) Identity of observers (occupation, reliability, etc.) 
(8) Actions taken by observer(s)
(9) Disposition of the object(s)

DETAILS OF OBSERVATIONS

(1) Object(s) was (were) first noticed at approximately 10:10 pm on July 7, 1965. The object(s) was (were) observed for a period of approximately 10-15 minutes.

(2) The object(s) appeared to be a lighted, glowing object, or cluster of objects, in the night sky above Bloomingburg, New York.

(3) The size of the object(s) was not precisely determined but was estimated to be approximately 30-50 feet in diameter. The object(s) appeared to be round or oblong in shape and was (were) brightly lighted, emitting a pulsating, glowing light. The color of the light was described as white or yellow-white.

(4) The object(s) was (were) observed to move in a straight-line course at a moderate speed, estimated to be 300-500 mph. The object(s) made no apparent angular turns or other radical maneuvers during the observation period.

(5) The weather at the time of the observation was clear, with no cloud cover.

(6) The surrounding terrain in the area of Bloomingburg, New York, is generally flat, with some rolling hills and scattered trees.

(7) The observers were two local residents, a man and a woman, who were considered to be reliable and credible witnesses.

(8) The observers attempted to follow the object(s) by driving their automobile in the direction of the object(s), but lost sight of it (them) after a few minutes.

(9) The ultimate disposition of the object(s) is unknown, as it (they) disappeared from view and was (were) not seen again.