There is no photograph present in the given image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Agenda, continued.

the flight series which Dr. Delbouille proposed if in the Panel's view the flights are feasible and warranted by the scientific merit of the proposed experiments.

9. Request by Dr. Luis W. Alvares of the Space Sciences Laboratory of the University of California for flight services -- ALVIN L. MORRIS.

Dr Luis W. Alvarez of the Space Sciences Laboratory of the University of California at Berkeley has requested flight services on a series of high energy particle experiments. A detailed description of these experiments is attached. Dr. and Dr. W. K. H. Panofsky, associate of Dr. Alvarez, has promised to be on hand to answer Panel questions.

The experiments proposed here will require very careful coordination between the experiments and facility personnel, and development of operational procedures. As conceived, some developmental work will have to precede the first physics data taking. The very powerful magnetic field must be given special protection, for example, we can not launch it with a ferocious launch. The equipment required will be quite elaborate in order to control techniques to prevent undue damage on landing. Special facilities, such as will be used to store the sensitized plates prior to use, will be required.

We have endeavored in the past to conduct development programs which would enable us to meet most of the requirements presented to us. The requirement associated with Dr. Alvarez's experiment, although beyond our present capability, appear to be within reach. Further, though they appear to be the specialized requirements of one experiment only, those requirements will require an extensive development and series of flight by others. Therefore we believe that we should not only accomplish the special requirements associated with it. On the contrary, we believe that we should undertake the responsibility for providing the balloonical services required by this group, and possibly utilize their developmental funds from that group when unique techniques must be developed and tested for their program. NCAR must expect to fund those aspects of development which offer immediate significant improvements to general scientific ballooning. It would also expect to pay the fixed costs of operating the Balloon facility as it does now for all scientific flights, but the most of balloon's helium support would be covered by the funds from Dr. Alvarez's program.