The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report discussing a "Man Injured in UAO Encounter". The text describes the story of James Flynn, a rancher from East Fort Myers, Florida, who was reportedly injured in an encounter with an unidentified aerial object (UAO). The text provides details about the incident and Flynn's experience.

MAN INJURED IN UAO ENCOUNTER
James Flynn, 42, a rancher of East Fort Myers, Florida, walked into the office of ophthalmologist Dr. Paul Brown in Fort Myers on Wednesday, 17 March. His right eye had been badly damaged. Flynn said he had been in his swamp buggy, just east of the Corkscrew Indian village, when he was nearly blinded. His right eye looked as if it had been struck by a blunt object. 
The story told by Flynn is fantastic. On Friday, the 12th, Flynn took his swamp buggy, camping gear and four dogs and set out for the Everglades about three miles east of the Corkscrew Indian village. 
As Flynn approached the Corkscrew village, he jumped a deer and ran off Flynn's whiting and called until about midnight, then returned to his swamp buggy and headed in the direction in which he last saw them running.
An hour later, at about 1 a.m. (Monday), Flynn spotted a huge light in the sky above the cypress about a mile away. The light was a brilliant white and resembled an inverted shallow bowl, he said. This object appeared to be 50 to 60 feet in diameter and about 25 to 30 feet from the ground. It then settled to the ground and appeared to hover. Flynn drove closer, got out of his vehicle, turned out the light on his swamp buggy and watched it with the darkness.
The object, he said, was about 25 feet in diameter (in diameter) at the bottom (in diameter) it it was high; the light from the top was a row of windows. Below which, there were three more rows of the same size—about 5 feet in diameter. Around the windows was a band of dark metal, he estimated to be about 2 feet wide. The object was about 25 to 30 feet from the ground.
Flynn looked through the windows to the bottom of the ship, was estimated of about 15 feet. Flynn judged the windows by comparing the object with the surrounding cypress trees, which were about 25 feet tall. It was some-what smaller than the object in size.
The object then rose slowly and silently and disappeared towards the north at a very high rate of speed.