The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed report from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text of the report is as follows:

Project Blue Book  
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base  
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

I am on fifteen and quite interested in these "U.F.O.'s" in a way. There are two incidents that I witnessed, along with others, that might interest you. These incidents occurred near Slidell, Louisiana, or 10 miles N.E. of New Orleans,in the summer of 1965. I think I believe these are of importance because both observed within a few miles of the Marshall Space Flight Center at Michoud in New Orleans, the computer center in Slidell, and the Mississippi Test Facility 15 miles north of Slidell.

The first incident occurred in the summer at about 9:00 P.M. We spotted over Boy Scout Camp Salmen traveling west to east. The object was estimated to be traveling at a speed of about 40 degrees above the western horizon, was in sight for about half an hour, then disappeared in the east about 40 or 45 degrees above the horizon. Some of us remarked at the time that the movements did not seem natural, almost like a balloon. The object was equal in size and brilliance to a star.

The second sighting I observed was E.S.E. of Slidell in a marshy near an inlet into Lake Pontchartrain called the Rigolets. We were in our car traveling west on a two mile stretch of roadway through the marshland. In this area it is quite dark and a good place to observe things. As I was looking out the car window when I noticed a star of the second magnitude more to the S.W. to the N.E. The star was moving about 6 squares per minute. It appeared much brighter and seemed to grow in size. I observed it intensively for 20 seconds during which time it stopped and stood still like the surrounding stars. 5 seconds or so later I saw another object of equal brightness and size. This one was coming from the same direction and seemed glowing and oscillating. It stopped about 1/4 inch from the first star. This movement seemed to disappear. After the second star had stopped a brilliant red object had stopped a few inches from the second star. I observed this for several minutes, from the N.W. at the same speed, brightness, etc. of the first star.