There is no photograph present in this image. However, here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR output:

Was the object -
Self-luminous?
Dull finish?
Reflective? 
Unidentified?

Did she object(s) rise or fall while in motion? NO

Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length: 
Pinphead 
Dime
Nickel
Silver dollar 
Orange
Golf ball

Or, if smaller, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length. HEARD 2 FT ACROSS - SAW 4 GASSET

How did you happen to notice the object(s)? HEARD SOUND - SAW OBJECT
 
Where were you and what were you doing at the time? WARDSWORTH STREET - PLAYING BALL

How did the object(s) disappear from view? OVER HORIZON

Describe the object(s) with as many details as possible: SLIGHTLY GLOWING - DARK CENTER, REVOLVING

Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterward? If so, please elaborate. NO

Please estimate the distance of the object(s). 1.5 MILES

What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? PLEASE MARK ON THIS PHOTOGRAPH - 5 - 6 THOUSAND FEET

Was any other evidence of other witnesses. If any: NO

Please draw a map of the locality of the observation, showing the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared (use the reverse side if necessary). Also, indicate prominent landmarks, roads, towns, villages, rivers, and other such features which may be helpful in locating the site of the observation within a mile. DRAWING

Is the observer civilian, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? BEVERLY AIRPORT

Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, giving a complete account of sightingi; dates, locations, durations, maneuvers, etc. NO

Please submit any additional information, photographs, diagrams, or other data or data signatures that you feel may be related (include times, dates, locations, and a description of the circumstances). We will return the original if desired.

We should like permission to quote your report in whole or in part in connection with this matter. However, if you prefer that your name be withheld, this will be done. If the matter is considered of sufficient importance, a representative of this office may call upon you to discuss the report in greater detail. Please indicate your preference in this respect. Do not hesitate to request any clarification or additional information which you may require.

Date of filling out this report: AUGUST 1, 1965
Signature: JEFFREY CADILLAC