There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
4602ND SUPPORT SQUADRON SAGE (ADC)
BATTLE CREEK, MICHIGAN 49013 
8 December 1965

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: AFSCO(FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, 
Ohio, 45433

1. Description of the Object:
a. Circular in shape.
b. Approximately one-hundred feet in diameter.
c. The object was a first green illuminated with a dim green and darning light.
d. There was one object only.
e. The object was first sighted with an intense greenish light, similar to the light of a mercury arc lamp. This area lighted was about thirty-five percent of the total area. The remaining portion of the object was not illuminated but in a sense viewed as though it was transparent. In these viewings this light has reappeared.
f. There was no trail, exhaust or visible.
g. There was no audible sound.

2. Description of Course or Conduct:
a. The observer walked to the window to look out and he noticed the object.
b. The azimuth and elevation of the object at first observation was two miles south-southeast and about one thousand feet in elevation.
c. The azimuth and elevation of the object at disappearance was two miles east-southeast and about two thousand feet in elevation.
d. On first observation the object hovered, slowly descending and made one very rapid tilting movement to the west, about one thousand feet.
e. The bottom light began to descend. The upper light remained steadily but the bottom light fluctuated rapidly, indicating a rotation of the object, though there were no external appendages visually observed.
f. On a subsequent viewing the object hovered about the same station and remained in this position for at least five minutes. On more recent viewings the object seemed higher but maintained the same course, of course.
g. The bottom light is no longer visible.
h. The object descended down to just above the horizon and shot off to the northeast at high speed and was no longer visible.
i. The object was originally visible for approximately five minutes but has been viewed for up to an hour.