The image appears to contain a photograph of a night sky, with two circular shapes that may be the focus of the report. However, as the image does not contain any human faces, I will not describe or identify any individuals in the image.

Trenton, Missouri
July 29, 1965

Project Bluebook
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

This is to report a mysterious sight which I saw in the sky at Sam'S farm close to Trenton. I was unable to watch the papers for reports from others who might have also seen the same, but just today a neighbor mentioned in the Kansas City paper, about a vigorous observation and a statement that you have a list of 359 sightings which are unidentified.

I am a start-by starving farmer. That is the time and I mentioned above I was awake but still in bed in the northeast corner upstairs room of my home at 2:30 east, local street, Trenton, (Clinton County), when a very bright light suddenly appeared on the west wall of my room. If it had been car light shining in, but realizing that that was impossible in the upstairs room, I got up and went to the west window to investigate. Through the window I saw three circular objects full of light and they were accompanied by a fourth, smaller one. They were light beside side and it gave me the impression that the sky was on fire. As I watched it gradually disappeared and took about ten minutes until it was completely gone. But it did not fall to the ground - nor did any of the surrounding motor move from its original position. 

To my knowledge no one else in this community saw this. I did not see any account of it in our local paper nor any one else seeming to see it. I did not call any of the neighbors as they would not yet have been up that early and my telephone call might only have upset them.

Until it disappeared or I could decide what it might be, I did not move from the window. And I did not wish to leave the window but to watch until it disappeared, or I could decide what it might be.

If you have other reports similar or know what I may have seen, I would appreciate the information. A Mr. Edwin C. Neff who lives in Cincinnati, Ohio wrote that he had seen the sun rising in the northeast - but he is mistaken. I have seen the sun rise many times and there is no comparison. (I am 57 years old).

Most sincerely,
Mrs. M. J. (Bertha) Rainier 
308 East 10 Street
Trenton, Missouri 64683