There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing text describing various reported UFO sightings.

Text output:

22 Jul 65 At approximately 2030 - 2100 hours this date many calls were received from individuals also reporting observations of UFO's. The general description cigar shaped with red exhaust. The duration varied, PAA, Allegheny and North Hills residents were contacted. The observatory and planetarium conducted that the description of objects sighted were similar to those associated with the satellite launching. 

23 Jul 65 Several reports received from residents of the Pittsburgh area. General description, oval shaped orange discs traveling in various directions.

27 Jul 65 Several reports received from local residents. Orange sphere sighted 2130 - 2200 hours, sphere rotated back and forth, dropped, then rotated and disappeared over the horizon. No flame, no noise.
Also reports of silver shaped object seen. Type reported 22 Jul 65.

1 Aug 65 Several reports received. Silver sphere object sighted. One report stated silver shaped object smaller could be seen 1635 hours. Further questioning revealed report unreliable.

3 Aug 65 Report received of high pitched whine heard 0335 hours. However, individual say nothing.

4 Aug 65 Report received of red haze in the sky 2110 hours, object sighted football in shape, no sound, about size of north star, disappeared over horizon.

7 Aug 65 Report received, red object sighted revolving as it traveled. Object about the size of a cigarette lighter moving at a fast rate of speed.

11 Aug 65 Report received, round shaped bright orange object moving at a fast rate of speed, made a whistling sound, came down low and flew over residences. Also another report of flying saucer type object moving at a fast rate of speed, further investigation.

SUMMARY: The inspecting officer has observed nothing to date. ALL reports are checked and most reports to our knowledge are unreliable and possible hoaxes. Specifically recurring given UFOs and PAA has familiarized telephone reports and because of the number of reports, forms have been reproduced for collecting individuals who claim sightings. Directions have been distributed through the Information Office that reports are to be the case media. SARO has been contacted and the current reports on Project Blue Book have been resolved. Names, addresses and phone numbers of observers reporting UFO's are kept on file. The Air Weather Bureau, other military installations in the area, Allegheny Observatory, Buhl Planetarium have been informed to contact this organization when UFOs are sighted.