'al the object —

o. Split-luminous? ✓
b. Dull finish?
c. Reflecting?
d. Transparent?

. Did the obje_ct(i) rig or fall while in motion? yes-the travel was very bouncy + the path at times in each case two objects but the object bounced in flight r.

. Tell _n apparent size of the object(i) when co mpared with the following held at arm's length:

a. Pinhead d. Nickel g. Orange
b. Pea e. Half dollar h. Grapefruit
c. Pea f. Silver dollar i. Larger

Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? in each case + was in bed looking at the sky through a screened door, see above.

22. Were were you and what were you doing at the time?

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? the traveled from the high Western skies low in the southern sky. the other behind trees in the south. the other low Western sky to Boulder [?] from out sight.

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a piston or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. low Western sky to Boulder.

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate. we are. two it a major airline 4-engine prop or D.Y. these were not aircraft.

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s). radio [?] 1130 pm 2.81 miles

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch: East

28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.

9. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing Northly your position; the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over the area: roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other features within a mile. [p. 407]

[Drawing of terrain profile with notation: "the objet hovered for several minutes before travelly off to the north E"]

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? yes they [?] flies in W

31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.

2. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, if possible) regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you. all in ATIC's D.V. places I'V lost 1965 on file 1978-Press-USA [?] Press-USA

3. Have you interrogated by the 'Press Investigat'? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the nature of such official or the agency. the objet was reported to the press and they told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? I called investigated by the. press + radio + NICaP(Caldis) + N E. UFO investigators but did not reveal discuss incident They later carefully.

4. We would like permission to qualify your name in connection with this report. This section will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own confidential files. Thanks for your cooperation.

You may use my name. (✓) Please keep my name confidential. ( )

End of filling out this report.

[Signature redacted]

there were newspaper accounts but I did not see them.