The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document, possibly from Project Blue Book.

The text produced by the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

that serve as the signature of an interaction. (4)
3. The target particle is unknown.
4. Statistics are low.

The experimental techniques outlined in this proposal largely over-
come all of these deficiencies. The next closest present solution to these dif-
ficulties is the work of the Russian group at Pamix cosmic ray station done
with cloud chambers and total absorption proportional counters on a 3900 meter
mountain. (9) Even these experiments have about a 30% error for the energy of
an incident particle and a rate of 4 x 10^-4 events per minute with a LiH target
at 10 interaction length. We expect a four order-of-magnitude increase over
this in our experiment using the .25 interaction length hydrogen target.

The energy region we propose to study is of particular interest.
Above 1,000 BeV, the production of secondary particles can be described
phenomenologically by the reaction:

N1 + N2 → N1' + N2' + F1 + F2

where N1 and N2 are the original nucleons and F1 and F2 are "fireballs" or
clusters of mesons which trail behind the final nucleons, N1' and N2'. The
fireballs are considered to break up isotropically in their center of mass. (10)
In this model, anisotropic secondary emission can be explained in terms of
one fireball being weak or absent. The interesting thing about the energy
dependence is that below 1,000 BeV, the fireballs appear to separate so
slowly that they can interact with each other or form a "dumb-bell"-shaped
fireball. Both the distinct fireballs and the fused fireballs could be studied
with the proposed experimental techniques. Although the fireball model is
pure phenomenology, there are several other theories on a more sound theoretical footing which, under the proper assumptions, are believed to reproduce
the general predictions of the fireball model. (11) The fireball model describes