There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The image shows a typed page containing text describing an incident or report related to "Flying Saucer Review" and an event that occurred in Switzerland.

The text reads as follows:

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
7 Aug 62
3:12 - 3:15 a.m.

[Entire text of the document is transcribed below:]

SWITZERLAND
Bright pointed triangle again

The following is an extract from the Swiss magazine for popular cosmological research, "Kosmos". Its author is Gordon Creighton, a British national long resident in Italy. He describes an extraordinary aerial phenomenon observed by three young men at Bern, Switzerland, on the night of 7th August, 1962.

The three young men, bicycle-riding and moving very fast, suddenly "saw this craft come hurtling down vertically at great speed towards them, coming from the northwest and slowing down to a terrific height level with the middle part of the craft, which was illuminated. We had the impression of a sort of transparency in the middle which became like a sort of incandescent luminous ring, as if substances or objects were circulating inside it, producing a very beautiful effect.

"The craft was perfectly silent and moved away at a very fast rate, leaving our three young observers absolutely astounded and lost for words. One of them, on reaching home, actually fainted and was later treated by a doctor.

"This occurrence was brought to the notice of a highly responsible official of the Swiss Government who obtained a full report of the incident from the three young observers. This official is entirely convinced that the three young men actually saw a genuine "flying saucer" of the type that has been reported from many parts of the world."

At 10:45, I saw the appearance of a first object which I could not identify. It was a small fiery glowing point in the night sky, surrounded by a thin halo. This halo seemed to be in slight motion. Suddenly, the fiery point grew larger and I saw that it was a sort of disc surrounded by a fiery ring. This ring gave the impression of having a revolving movement. The object seemed to be traveling at high speed and was moving from west to east. After a few seconds, it vanished from view. I was profoundly impressed, for I had never seen anything like that before.

After a short interval, a second similar object appeared, this time traveling from east to west. The movement and appearance were the same. I called the attention of a friend of mine, who was not far away, and he also saw the phenomenon. He was as amazed as I was. The second object also vanished after a few seconds.

As far as I could judge, the objects were situated at a very high altitude, probably several thousand meters. They made no noise and left no trail in the sky. Their movements were very rapid, much faster than any aircraft I have ever seen.

I am convinced that these were "flying saucers" of the type that has been reported from many parts of the world. They were unlike anything I have ever seen before in the sky.

Credit: Office du Tourisme, and Cernigoni.