The image does not contain any photographs. However, the text within the image has been successfully extracted and is as follows:

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW 
Jan-Feb 66 
CHANNEL ISLANDS 
"That sighted again?" 
The following reader's letter appeared in The Evening Star, Jersey, Channel Islands, of November 21: "Dear Sir, although I was a visitor on a strange sight that occurred between 8.20 p.m. and 8.30 p.m. on Thursday evening, Nov. 11, I am not altogether convinced that I observed any phenomenon that I could not easily explain away. The object was definitely seen at a great height passing across the sky at a high speed, but was flying quite low so that it could clearly be seen. It had a definite shape, but vanished in a few seconds, but I was unable to give a good definition. It made no sound as far as I could judge, and it was not trailing any smoke or vapor, yet I would like to enquire whether other observers had seen a similar object, as the sky was cloudy. I would like to enquire whether anyone else has observed the same object, and whether it has been seen before.
Yours truly, John Woodcock, Hague Cottages, St. Ouen."

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW 
5 Nov 65 
England
Cylindrical Object 
near Leicester 
The Leicaster Mercury of November 5 carried a story of a mysterious object seen near Leicester, England, on the evening of November 4 about 7.30 p.m. 
Mr. Geoffrey Fenlon, 15 The Drive, Wigston, 0.S.D. said the object between 400 and 500 feet above ground was observed by himself and his wife. It was cylindrical in shape, silvery-grey in colour, spinning rapidly and giving off a pulsating red light. Mr. Fenlon stated that the object appeared to be under control and manoeuvered in the sky. It was moving in a northerly direction across the sky and appeared to be the size of a large house. Several other people, including a lorry-driver and his passenger, the manager of a Hinckley company and his wife, were also watching the object move across the sky. Mr. Fenlon said the object was definitely not a firework. "It is hard to be objective in these circumstances, I can only try to describe what I saw and leave it to others to judge," he concluded.