There is no photograph present in this scanned document. However, the text in the document describes the details of a research project involving experimental balloons. The balloons were shaped like a blimp, about 13.7 to 15.5 feet long and about 4 feet in diameter. The balloons were launched on October 19, October 23, and October 26, 1965. One of the balloons launched last week landed inland and generated a flurry of public interest. The Air Force UFO Information Office at the Pentagon called this a marginal and they have recovered the balloon which struck a power line in two locations and exploded. The project people felt that persons finding balloons should let the company, giving the serial number and the balloon number, know where they came from.

October 26, 1965

The Langley Research Center is conducting a research project with experimental balloons. The manufacturer is the Schjeldahl Company, Northfield, Minnesota. A series of six of these balloons are being launched.

The balloon is shaped like a blimp 13.7 to 15.5 feet long and about 4 feet in diameter. It has 3 fins on the tail which are inflated. It is made of a material developed by the Schjeldahl Company which is translucent.

One was launched October 19, two were launched October 20, and the other two in the series may be launched today.

One of these balloons launched last week landed inland (about 25 miles) from Wallops Island and generated a flurry of public interest. 

The Air Force UFO Information Office at the Pentagon called this a marginal and they have recovered the balloon which struck a power line in two locations and exploded at Wallops. The project people said it was most unlikely that any balloons would strike a power line as it was impossible. They also felt that the Zero Beach balloon was a normal mission. The Schjeldahl Company representative said they have supplied about 1500 similar metallic mylar plastic balloons for launch at the Cape and the Zero Beach balloon was one of these. However, the Air Force said they understood the Zero Beach balloon was shaped like a light bulb.

The project people here feel that if persons finding balloons where they came from, the company, giving the serial number and the balloon number, would write the number on the balloon.