There does not appear to be any photograph in the image provided. The image shows a page of text from what seems to be a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text:

The same morning June 2nd, I discussed this further with Chief Radarman Warren Nielson. Ret., who lives on Washington Island but he reached Radar in the past during the school years. He explained some of this phenomena. (The busy from the Escanaba area), as the bending of light rays over the water as a possibility.

During the day we also heard a report of a huge barn fire in the Sturgeon Bay area which alite is some distance to the south over water. Whether this accounted for the fire-like sighting on water level I have no idea.

On Friday June 25, 1965 Mr. Nielson heard over the news on radio from Marinette, Wisconsin that an additional similar sighting had been reported at 2230 Thursday June 24 in the area of Escanaba, Michigan. That same evening, June 25, I called the Escanaba Coast Guard Station inquiring of Reg/ic Silver about later sighting on Thursday 24, (June 24). He had not heard about this and suggest I call Truax Field and report my sighting, which I did immediately. Your Lt. Patterson requested that I file this report which I am submitting herewith.

Following this call, I had a chance meeting in the village of Washington Island with the Specialist 1/c and his Chief from the Plum Island Coast Guard with whom I had talked on Thursday 4PM at the time of the initial sighting. Both he and the Chief, my wife and I discussed this further. The Chief said they had searched the area in small craft during the daylight hours of the day I made my report, Thursday June 24, to no avail. All was reported in the log book on Plum Island, according to the Chief. I told them of my conversation to Texas Field.

We have made an attempt to sketch the objects as seen, plus the slides enclosed for your evaluation. We have also enclosed maps of Washington Island and of the Whole Door County area, for your information.