NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued NICAP. If or in certain positions. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, paper, rather sheets of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name [redacted]                                    Place of Employment
   Address [redacted]                                 Occupation: car home
   [redacted]                                         Education
   Telephone [redacted]                               Special Training: LICENSED AIRPLANE PILOT
                                                      Military Service

2. Date of Observation: [redacted]                    Time 10:30 PM 2 AM 4M EDT Time Zone

3. Locality of Observation: SHERROAD - WESTEND SKY

4. How long did you see the object?    Hour    Minutes    Seconds - in each case several minutes

5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky, i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.
   no moon - clear night.

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you.

7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? many stars - no moon

8. Were there more than one object? A   if so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light? Was it revolving, etc? Please use additional sheet of paper, if necessary. See attachment

10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? Yes -

11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, planets, etc. The first would compare with a
    [handwritten: bright star] The second large & varied appeared to have area & green

12. Did the object(s) [handwritten: light - they red revolving around] (Please elaborate, if you can give details.)
    - solid yellow center.
    a. Appear to stand still at any time? NO
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at / time? NO
    c. Rush up into sight or anything? NO
    d. Give off smoke? NO
    e. Leave any visible trail? NO
    f. Drop anything? NO
    g. Change brightness? NO
    h. Change shape? NO
    i. Change color? NO

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible.

14. Was there any wind?    ?    If so, please give direction and speed.    ? I do not recall.

15. Did you observe the object(s) through a window instrument or other aid, windshield, windscreen, storm window, screening, etc.? Screening, whether, I went outside to observe more carefully.

16. Did the object(s) have any base?    NO    What kind?    How loud?

17. [illegible section]
    a. Fuzzy or blurred.    ➜ the first like a star. the second described
    b. Like night light.    above.
    c. Sharply outlined.