The image appears to contain a photograph of a large crowd at Yankee Stadium. The caption mentions that this is a "Pope Mass for Peace" at Yankee Stadium on Monday night, and that the Pope gave a speech saying that mankind must find permanent peace. The image shows a very large crowd filling the stadium, with people both on the field and in the stands. There are no identifiable human faces in the photograph.

The text in the document is as follows:

OF PONTIFF STIRS CROWDS
NEW YORK UUPI — Pope Paul VI.
climaxed a day of spectacle and emotion Monday night with a ritual of benediction over a throng of over 90,000 persons assembled in Yankee Stadium.
His arms extended in embrace, the pontiff bestowed his blessing on the crowd, a scene at once moving and historic.
The appearance of the pontiff brought crowds of an estimated 4 million to the New York metropolitan area Monday to celebrate mass on the spot where Ruth, Gehrig and DiMaggio once played baseball.
For hours before the papal mass, crowds filled the stadium, some arriving as early as 9 a.m.
More than 90,000 jammed the stadium to see the climax of the Pope's historic visit to the United States, his first ever.
As the Pope arrived, the throng rose with a cry for peace. And, for the moment, the crowds were subdued at the sight of the pontiff, for his solemn benediction.
His white-robed figure with arms extended to embrace the throng in benediction was, in the words of one observer, "the greatest ball game' this stadium has ever seen."
The pontiff had arrived in a white limousine and was greeted by cheers and waving of handkerchiefs of the throng, many Of them children.
The outdoor mass was the climax of a day in which the Pope had traveled to the United Nations, addressed Congress and conducted a mass at the close of the ecumenical council in St. Patrick's Cathedral.
The crowds were still milling in Times Square and in other areas surrounding the Vatican pavilion as late as 11 p.m., some 45 million viewers in homes and behind sets had witnessed the events of a day standing in an open car.
But the throng in Yankee Stadium, estimated at over 90,000, gave the Pope a tumultuous ovation as he appeared on the platform and bestowed his blessing on the vast throng.