The given image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, and it discusses the use of the Gerenkov light of a proton as a trigger for cosmic ray balloon experiments. The text describes the advantages of using a gas other than air as the trigger, such as the reduced Gerenkov threshold energy and the increased index of refraction resulting in a higher photon yield. The text also mentions the use of a light collector and a photomultiplier with a fused silica face to achieve the figure of 6 photo-electrons.

A. The Gerenkov Trigger
One basic problem with cosmic ray balloon experiments is the large flux of low energy (10 to 100 BeV) protons that are of little interest and must be rejected. We propose to make use of the Gerenkov light of a proton passing through gas in order to discriminate against the low energy proton background. For the balloon altitudes at which our experiments would be executed, the Gerenkov light from the atmosphere has a threshold at a proton energy of about 300 BeV. Although this atmospheric Gerenkov light could probably be used as a trigger for protons in excess of 300 BeV, there are several advantages to using a gas other than air. By using a gas of relatively high index compared to air (for example, butane or carbon tetrachloride), the Gerenkov threshold energy can be reduced to about 100 BeV for protons. There are two big advantages to using the lower 100 BeV threshold. First, there is a far larger flux of particles at the lower proton energies, and the proton interactions are still of interest in this energy range. Second, the increased index of refraction results in about a five-fold increase in the photon yield of the particles.
The increased photon yield makes practical a fully enclosed Gerenkov counter of reasonable dimensions. Protons having an energy appreciably above the 100 BeV threshold (say 200 BeV) will yield a sufficient quantity of photons in passing through 10 meters of gas to produce about 6 photo-electrons at the cathode of a photomultiplier, which is sufficient for reliable triggering. (If the Gerenkov threshold is 100 BeV, then the trigger efficiency actually rises to 75% of its maximum efficiency at 150 BeV. The index of the gas can be increased to give an effective 100 BeV cutoff, together with a slight increase in the photon yield over that used in these calculations.) The figure of 6 photo-electrons is achieved through the use of a light collector consisting of aluminized mirrors, and a photomultiplier with a fused silica face (in order to make the best use of the ultraviolet portion of the Gerenkov spectrum).