FRIDAY                   Page 13    Betaque. Vt-nont at Strangel Lake Compoller                JANUARY 8, 1965

Doctor, Trooper Agree

3 UFOs Went Flying By

Dr. Richard S. Woodruff, Ver- suddenly, just above the tree-poster, "I was not seeing things,
mont State Police Major and a staff tops, to our left, an object came and I am not too overly im-
member of the University of rapidly into sight. It carried an imaginative. And neither is the
Maine, reported incidents to our left illuminated light about the trooper."
                                      Unidentified flying objects
has respected scientist, was "sike of a football."             were sighted above our state.
"The trooper said, 'My god, have been the source of much
also there.                          a Vermont State trooper did you see that?'"                speculation. In a recent national
   It was Monday, between 4:30 and   When the second came publication, Sen. Everett Dirkse
9 p.m. on Vermont Rt. 5, about publication, Sen. Everett Dirk-
between Bethel and Randolph, sen Case Jury in Emerald into view, it flew the same ch. (R-Ill.) said the American
                                      path. The Major said "To our right people should be told the truth
   "Then came a third, exactly right people should be told the truth about them."
Dr. Woodruff called a reporter on Tues- like the first two. One, two, about them."
    , three, just like that."                    "The Air Force has repeatedly
day. Then, and after:
                                      denied their existence despite
   "I have hesitated to call. I Scientific at Cape Kennedy scores of authenticated reports
am everything I say will be reported a UFOs trailing a Co- from reliable witnesses.
down misinterpretation. But mini space capsule shortly
remember, two of us saw the after launching in July.
same thing at the same time.
                                      "The trooper and I were spend-      These sightings have never
                                      ing the confidential detail ing been confirmed by the Air
"As we were driving along," Dr. Woodruff assured the rep- on UFO as they are Force.
                                      reported by the media,
                                      but they were traveling so fast,
                                      we couldn't say,"
                                      "Even confirmed by the Air
                                      Force.