The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form for documenting unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in respect to the observance of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses to give answers to 3a, do not complete report.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.

3. a. Name  Address  

    b. Phone  Occupation  student 

    c. Shape of Object  life sized

    d. Size (compare to size object, baseball, basketball, or larger)  larger than basketball

    e. Formation. If more than one  none 

    f. (Unusual features of object stops then starts)  no

    g. Was there a trail, vapor trail, or exhaust? no

    h. What called attention to the observer?  Enter details

    i. What angle and elevation was the object on first observance in southeast?  disappeared in

    l. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared?  disappeared

    m. What was the flight path of object (to north, south, to east, or west) and were they maintainers of the object?  to north

    n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.)?  over horizon

    o. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.)?  5 min

    p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescopes, binoculars, etc.)?  naked eye, radar, telescopes, binoculars

    q- Time and date of sighting:  2000, 1 Sep 65

    r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk, etc.):  night, flight

    s. Geographical position of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.):  north of Houston, south of Pasadena

    t. Weather (clear day, hazy, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.):  hazy

    u. Temperature of day (50°, 90°, etc.):  75

    v. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above:  

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observance of the object.

ECGD 17 3872/52 R WST 4408