The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

Are they taking any action? No NORAD is getting several reports from various defense sector regions. That have been reporting somethings. They are still clear on that. Except Defense Dept. one GCI of them is also saying there is nothing there on their scopes. At 9:35pm, Alaska reported 5 UFOs heading east. That was at 9:35pm. It involves white lights possibly following one another. SE 1 is reporting clear and 1.5 clear and 15 and the conditions of darmeter. SE 1 is clear and 1.5 clear and 15 and the conditions observed. Statute by regulation. I and the men there at the site, the gun is beginning to come up. Right, so some of these observations have been made and 1 well sir, 1 would say there is a little more than meets the eye as this was at 0700.
Right I have been here all night and the men beginning to see of them. Well here's the story, the moon is up, and the sun is just about breaking so I would say oh  the last one was seen at 10:75. I would estimate it began around the end of 
the night, over there as a craft, well it just pass on as quick as we get is after vs pass on to NORAD. 
No radar pickup. Are you getting any at things other than NO NORAD reports
Those that are reporting to us far as LAD people? We had reports from our people out a the station and the 9:35 action. Are in the station, and they are saying are none followed it. Except defense, one GCI. Says we bought a few things very well, and we will know just how well in the morning. as far as our sources as well - as from SAC. Yes this watch
a signal. Yours group had information watch instructions, to make okay thanks. 

Colonel Riser. Ready to go: Okay this was reported to me at 12:45 by 1st Lt Ha from Warren. Reported to Warren at 1030 by Lt James Ramey Airman stationed at Cheyenne Mountain. A 20 to 25 feet object was east of Dallas, a night which is approximately 5O miles east northeast of Cheyenne. They never tried to close in on it. When they tried to maneuver, to run out and they did not leave their vehicle to continue on. They were watching it Thru visibility was nearing zero. They were watching it Thru condensation but never tried to get closer to it. The object was oval in shape not round. They say that the object glowed on the object  area to rise 500 ft. and move off in a northwest direction. They watched it for 10 to 15 minutes through binoculars. Nobody had scrambled aircraft to check up on it. Okay. Another strike team that was dispatched did not get visibility. I'll call operations center let our ateno catch up here just a second sir. Okay. Another strike team that was dispatched did not get visibility . I will keep it if visible objects, only lights. That's it. NORAD had this. No.