The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the "REEVES STORY" which is a report on an NICAP's investigation into an alleged "robot figure" contact by John P. Reeves of Brooksville, Florida.

Text found in the document:

Information Only
Source: UFO Investigator, Vol III, No 2, April-May 65

REEVES STORY
The report of NICAP's investigation into an alleged "robot figure" contact by John P. Reeves, Brooksville, Fla., was covered out of the last issue by more important items.
Through ground station, NICAP's St. Petersburg (Tampa) Subcommittee interviewed Reeves before AF investigators. After checking various aspects, the Subcommittee was instructed in detailed- ing a 18-detective tale which indicated Reeves' story was in- true. Two weeks later, the AF publicly announced the same conclusion.
The case received wide publicity, but for those unacquainted with it, here-is-the-bare public. According to Reeves, a "robot like" figure encoun- tered him, then dropped two pieces of paper with cryptic markings. NICAP was unable to obtain a paper sample, but the AF stated the messages were on one paper, in a simple code.
"Planet Mars, where are you, ...?"
It is understandable that Reeves' story had wide publicity at a time when unrelated, uncorroborated UFO reports by competent, reliable witnesses were being suppressed or publicly debunked by AF spokesmen.
There are always frauds, publicity hounds and deluded people who take advantage of any new development or discovery. It is regrettable-but recognizable-as in some uninformed cases, that the AF arbitrarily writes up the hoaxes and frauds, implying that most UFO observers are on the same class. Eventually, this slightly over-treatment of hoaxes and imposters will backfire. Meantime, it is important for NICAP members to help knock down the walls of prejudice and ignorance, exposing the hundreds of documented reports by highly respectable observers.