There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a technical document or report, containing text describing an experimental setup involving a Cerenkov trigger assembly, emulsion plates, and spark chambers.

The text in the document is as follows:

The experimental train would consist of the Cerenkov trigger assembly itself followed by a series of two or more assemblies consisting of a lead radiator followed by a scintillation counter. The radiator-counter assembly serves to identify electrons which trigger the Cerenkov counter, by detecting the large scintillation pulse resulting from an electron shower in the lead. Several plates are needed because a single plate would not be effective for electron energies in the region below 500 MeV. If all went well, the data from the flight should be consistent with the present estimates of cosmic ray proton flux. In addition, useful information such as background counting rates and the high-energy electron flux would be available. The electron flux as a function of altitude should also be consistent with the incident proton flux and the interaction cross section. It is interesting to note that primary cosmic ray fluxes have been estimated from measurements on the earth's surface. This flight would constitute a direct measure of the integrated high energy proton flux, assuming the Cerenkov detector functioned correctly.

Shortly following the first flights, further flights would be carried out to test the spark chamber-emulsion technique, and the wide-gap spark chamber. The emulsions from these flights would provide a sample of data with which to develop the measuring techniques. The important point in regard to the wide-gap spark chamber would be the detecting efficiency for a shower of pions produced by a nuclear interaction. The operation of the cameras for the emulsion spark chambers and the wide-gap spark chamber would be checked out in these flights.

The experimental arrangement would consist of the Cerenkov trigger, followed by at least three emulsion plates between a pair of spark chambers.