The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

No case. Information only
Source: UFO Vol. 1, Nov 65

Viewed it left before he got off the telephone from reporting it. Author-
ity for this report.
The night of August 30th marked the terminations of UFO observations in the area. The Nevada Highway Patrol and the Cali- fornia Department of Public Safety stand employees reported to the De- partment the following: A local citizen reported a UFO in the sky over Carson City to buy some fruit. The motorist said at the time that lights were following him. The two patrolmen saw a UFO flying slowly over a certain portion of the town for at least 10 minutes.
She rad it was approximately 200 feet long and about 30 feet in diame ter. The shape was circular. It appear to have a reddish light on top and others underneath.
At 10.00 A.M. on August 30th there was a report from Tulsa, a subject named Jimmy Derrick, a 1010 N.E. 46th reported observing a UFO one quarter mile from his home. The object was described as being approx- imately 50 feet in diameter and still there at this time.
At 9.00 P.M. the following meas- ures were taken by an individual who a report from their Seventeeth at Se- curity V.A. UFO that is hovering approximately 15 minutes traveling up and down from approximately 2,000 to 3,000 feet, after which it travel- ing up and down from approximately 200 to 300 feet. This individual ob- served Also, Shawnee P.D advised he had a report (they cannot verify) of a UFO traveling northwest from Shawnee The person calling it apeared they vivi- dent as to weather it was an aircraft or something else. There were four or five witnesses to this sighting. There is no other information on this re- port and it was not substantiated by a private plane which observed the object also, and upon inquiring with the F.A.A, there was no record of any unidentified aircraft in that area at that time.