There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing only text and no visual images.

-13-
24 hour flight in this cell of phase space is
B = (flux) (area) (solid angle)
= (4000) (—)2 (-57)2
= .12 background tracks
This estimate is an upper limit to the background. There are several ways to
reduce the background problem. One way is to include an additional fourth
emulsion plate after the set of 3 emulsions that would normally be used. Any
ambiguous tracks found in the first three plates would predict a position in the
fourth plate to micron accuracy, and a coincidental track in the fourth plate
would be orders of magnitude less likely than in the previous plates. The
fourth plate need only be examined in case there is an ambiguity in one of the
first three plates. Another trick which could be employed would be to use
double emulsion plates arranged to slide against each other under the control
of a clock drive. Since the time of the interaction is precisely known from
the trigger pulse, it is possible to position the plates as they were at the
instant the particle passed through, and detect the correct particle by seeking
the track which is unbroken at the interface of the emulsion in the region of
the emulsion predicted by the spark chambers. Another obvious way to reduce the background is to refine the positional prediction in the emulsion and
to improve the angular resolution in the emulsion in order to reduce the size
of B. In this regard, recent reports of wire spark chamber performance are
encouraging. Wire spark chambers avoid problems of optical recording
technique and their many sources of distortion. The angular resolution might
be improved by the use of emulsions which are thinner than the standard .6 mm
nuclear emulsion (say .3 mm) and by the use of glass plates with emulsion on
both sides of the plate. The latter approach of using two sided emulsion plates
is a very attractive arrangement because the angle is then known to a small
fraction of a degree by examining the position of the particle before and after