There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a technical document or report discussing the use of the ultraviolet-rich Cerenkov light in a scientific apparatus.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed using optical character recognition (OCR):

"full use of the ultraviolet-rich Cerenkov light) (See Figure 1). For a 100 BeV threshold, the maximum half angle for the cone of Cerenkov light is 10 milli-radians; which is small compared to the angle of acceptance required for the protons. Therefore in the design of the light collection optics, it is possible to treat the Cerenkov light as though it has approximately the same direction as the protons. The first mirror serves to image the exit aperture of the experimental train onto collimating stops, so the Cerenkov light is only collected from protons which would pass through the entire apparatus. The required mirror surface is a hyperbola of revolution. The second mirror (an ellipsoid of revolution) serves to further concentrate the light onto photomultipliers located at an even smaller image of the exit aperture. The demagnification of the exit aperture at the photomultiplier is about 7 to 1, so that a 4 inch diameter photomultiplier would detect protons traveling toward a 28 inch diameter aperture at the exit aperture.

The principal source of background for a Cerenkov trigger is electrons. Electrons of 50 MeV energy or greater can trigger the system. The electrons can be discriminated against by placing a radiation length of lead in front of a scintillation counter and detecting the shower produced by an electron. However, this technique is only effective for electrons with energies in excess of about 500 MeV. The lower energy electrons can be eliminated by deflecting them out of the "beam" in a magnetic field such as the one that is proposed for momentum analysis of the protons. Cosmic rays below about 10 BeV would be deflected by the earth's magnetic field, so the electron background would consist of electrons produced by proton interactions in the atmosphere above the balloon.

To further reduce accidentals, the Cerenkov trigger would be used in coincidence with scintillation counters just below the Cerenkov light collector and just above the hydrogen target. The counter in front of the target could also serve as the proton trigger."