There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing scanned text from a newspaper article.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

TALK WITH MEN WHO SAW THAT THING

THAT'S WHERE IT APPEARED

from GRAHAM GAMBLE
CANBERRA, Saturday.- The "Cosa of the thing" this week has been a great flying-saucer mystery. Everyone 1 spoke to here said they were certain that flying saucers don't exist, but they would not easily be persuaded that "the thing' was merely some figment of the imagination.

The brilliant ball of light which shot across the Canberra horizon outside the city, and which was also seen in other parts of the eastern States, has left the scientific world of Australia puzzled and perplexed.

The "thing" appeared about 7.45 p.m. on Thursday and was observed in our own Commonwealth Observatory and other observatories throughout Australia. The Director-General of the Commonwealth Observatory, Dr. R. V. Dodson, and other scientists here, are still arguing about it and they have no real explanation for what they saw.

That is the situation in Australia today.

STILL A MYSTERY

As is pointed out in the Press, the "thing" appeared to be going at an incredibly high rate of speed, much faster than any known aircraft in existence. It seemed to be travelling on a level trajectory and was followed by a tail of light which was not like any normal trail of a meteorite.

The "thing" was seen in other parts of the continent and a great deal of speculation has arisen as to what it could have been. Scientists have not yet ruled out the possibility that it may have been a meteorite of some kind, but some of them are loath to make a definite pronouncement on it.

"STEEL DISC" 
Mr. Lindsay Teall, of Narrabundah, in Canberra, claims that he observed the object through binoculars. He says that what he saw was not a meteor or a shooting star, but a large, bright, steel-coloured disc which glowed brilliantly as it shot across the sky.

Mr. Teall said that the object was visible for about 45 seconds and was travelling at terrific speed.

Here, I think, is evidence which suggests that whatever the "thing" was it was certainly not a meteor or any normal celestial phenomenon. Meteors do not normally have the appearance of a steel-coloured disc which glows brilliantly. Neither do they have the apparent speed and trajectory which this object seemed to have.

"STEEL DISC"  

So the "thing" remains a mystery, and the scientific world here is still discussing and arguing about what it could have been.