The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. It does not contain any photographs, only text.

Text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? About 1,750 mph
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 1 mile
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. Outside a building c. In an airplane (type) d. In an automobile e. At sea f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. Inside the residential section of a city? c. In open country/side? d. Near an airport? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West 24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No for each) a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Binoculars Yes No d. Telescope Yes No e. Windshield Yes No f. Window glass Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other optical aid Yes No 
26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, please give us, in your own words, a common description of the object or objects which you have placed us in the way, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The text appears to be a questionnaire or report form used to gather information about a UFO sighting. It asks the witness a series of questions about the characteristics of the observed object, their location and movement at the time, and what visual aids they may have used to observe it.