The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document. The text on the page describes various companies that were handling mimeograph supplies, including Eastman Kodak Company, Standard-Duplicating Machines Company, Mile-Hi Harding Company, and others. There is also information about importers of various materials. The text appears to be a report or summary related to the UFO investigation project.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Northwestern University
April 9, 1962
Page 1

Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, New York
Lessloean, Inc., 123 W. 25th Street, New York, New York

Among the companies handling mimeograph supplies, we suggest the following be contacted for information on their sources (domestic or imported) and on methods of distribution:

A. B. Dick Company, 5700 W. Touhy Avenue, Chicago, Illinois
Speedograph Business Machines Company, 1801 W. Lake, Chicago, Illinois
Mile Harding Company, Monterey Park, California

In addition, we have recently noticed an article (House Beautiful for November, 1961) suggesting use of various papers for art work and noting that a fit or for archival purposes may not be sufficient. 

Crats Studios, 118 Evans St., New Hyde Park, New York

Importers:

In addition to general importers or specific contacts acquired as a result of the above discussions, the following may be able to contribute useful information:

Whitehead and Alliger Company, Inc., New York, New York

This company is listed as a sales agent for one of the Japanese manufacturers of hand-made papers. We may be able to obtain a lead address for them. It is possible that the firm has been reorganized since issuance of the directory in which they were listed. The following companies are listed as paper merchants in the New York area, though data on right to be related to this investigation:

A. G. Nelson Paper Company, Inc., 420 W. Broadway, New York 12, New York
Whitehead and Alliger Company, Inc., 11 Thomas St., New York 7, New York

The following is an importer of various materials from JAPAN: