The image contains a newspaper article with two columns. The left column has the title "Flying Saucer on Sydney Beach - Man's Ceerie Story" and appears to describe an unidentified flying object sighting. The right column has the title "THE THING ON THE BEACH" and includes a sketch or illustration of a UFO, as well as a detailed description of the sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

FLYING SAUCER ON SYDNEY BEACH
Man's Ceerie Story

THREE times a busineesman saw a strange object last night on Vaucluse beach. He said it hovered Ove Blank
for 10 minutes before it took off, and vanished in clouds over Manly.

CLOSE-UP: GLAMPSES
The busineesman, who did not wish to be named, said he saw the object hovering over the beach for about 10 minutes.

"As it took off, it sent a blinding light of blue-green color all over the beach, and the light was dazzling to look at. It then climbed straight up Towards the clouds over Manly at a terrific speed. It didn't make any sound at all. The whole thing lasted about 10 minutes."

Dogs barked

Two dogs, a Labrador retriever and a smaller dog, barked continually when the object was over the beach. 

Three less

Earlier, the same busineesman claims he saw a similar object three times over the same beach. "This is the fourth time I have seen this object over the beach," he added.

"On the other three occasions it was seen quite late at night - around 9 or 10 o'clock. It would just come in over the headland, hover for a minute or two, and then disappear."

THE THING ON THE BEACH
Queer Glowing Object Near Vaucluse Stuns Onlooker

According to Mr. Denis Crane, of the Shell Co., who was first on the scene, an unidentified glowing object that rose from a Vaucluse beach last night has taken on a "local interest not seen before, even in the flying saucer field."

Mr. Crane explained: "I was within 50 yards of the object when it rose from the beach. It appeared to be about 18ft in diameter, circular, and glowed with a blue-green light. As it rose, it seemed to be under intelligent control."

Near disc or saucer

Mr. Crane said the object's flight was horizontal, not at an angle. 
"It rose slowly, about 50ft from where I was standing. I watched it for nearly a minute as it gained height, and then it suddenly, without any acceleration or time lag, just took off at a terrific speed and disappeared from sight."

Mr. Crane said the object was near disc or saucer-shaped, and appeared to have a slight dome. He said it was between 50 and 60ft in diameter.

The object was first sighted by a passer-by, Mr. Leslie Murray, who was walking on the beach. "I first noticed a bright, pulsating light on the sand," Mr. Murray said. "As I approached it, the light rose vertically and then took off at a speed which I can only describe as incredible."