The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing questions and answers.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  60-70 miles/hr.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes    No  
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  12 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of
b. In the residential section of
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest 
24.2 How fast were you moving? __ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object?   Yes    No

25. Did you see any of the following through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses          Yes    No
b. Sun glasses         Yes    No
c. Windshield           Yes    No
d. Window glass      Yes    No
e. Binoculars            Yes    No
f. Theodolite            Yes    No
g. Telescope           Yes    No
h. Other                  Yes    No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words what attracted your attention, and what happened as the object whatever it was seemed to move or otherwise act, specifying any and all significant details, particulars and characteristics.

" The object was oval in shape with an off-white color. It seemed to be pulsating or vibrating. It moved slowly and steadily in a horizontal path until it disappeared from sight to the southwest. It made no noise and left no trail. It appeared to be solid object, not a reflection or illusion."