The image appears to contain two photographs. The first photograph shows a distant, indistinct object in the sky. The second photograph shows a blurred, partially obscured object.

Text Extracted:

New UFO Photos Prove Genuine
New photographs purporting to show genuine UFO's, photographed by an unidentified Veteran's Administration employee, are the most important evidence on the latest wave of reported UFO sightings...

(Continued on page 3, column 1)

UFO PHOTOS (Continued from page 1)
The photographs, some of a professional quality, show an object which the witness says was the same one he had seen hovering near his home in Rayhdton Township, Missouri, on July 10, 1965.

About 11:30, as James started another exposure, a round, thick-looking "object" came into view of the camera. He says he watched it for several minutes, during which time it appeared to manoeuver erratically, occasionally increasing and decreasing in size and brightness. The object seemed to be glowing and gave off a halo-like effect, according to the witness.

There are at least two frames showing the object, and analysis of the details indicates that it was larger than a typical aircraft. The witness, who wishes to remain anonymous, says he was "scared and excited" at the sight of the UFO, which at one point seemed to move closer to him. 
When it appeared to be just overhead, he says he became frightened and stopped taking pictures. The object then seemed to speed away at a fantastic rate of speed, according to the witness.

The two photographs submitted to the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) have been examined by photographic experts. They conclude that the photos appear genuine, that there is nothing to indicate they have been faked or altered in any way.

The NICAP subcommittee, aided by the Times Staff, carefully checked this evidence and the background of the witness. They are convinced that this man is a reliable observer and that his story is credible.

The Times have given them this statement:
"We are fully satisfied as to the credibility of our informant and the authenticity of the photographs. We are convinced that the photos depict an object of unusual origin and characteristics. The public and scientific community should give serious consideration to this evidence."

The photographs were signed by City Editor Jack Kuettner, Assistant City Editor Thomas J. Egan and J.C. Gardner. In addition, the witnesses' high character and reliability were vouched for by the Chief of Police, Director of Public Safety and a well-known local businessman who was familiar with the witness.

As the above coverage indicates, the Times is offering these photos for evaluation, not publication at this time. They are awaiting the results of further analysis before deciding whether to publish.

Commenting on this "official" or "verification" the newspaper says: "So far as we are concerned, the AP association of competence refers to our complete agreement as to the authenticity of the photos and the reliability of our source."

[Technical details on camera data and film used omitted]