There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text appears to be discussing technical details related to estimating the background tracks in the emulsion of photographic plates used for capturing UFO sightings. The text does not mention or describe any specific photographs.

-13-

4-hour flight in this cell of phase space is 

B = (flux) (area) (solid angle) 
= (4000) (1/20)2 (1/3)2
= 12 background tracks

This estimate is an upper limit to the background. There are several ways to 
reduce the background problem. One way is to include an additional fourth 
emulsion plate after the set of 3 emulsions that would normally be used. Any 
ambiguous tracks found in the first three plates would predict a position in the 
fourth plate to micron accuracy, and a coincidental track in the fourth plate 
would be orders of magnitude less likely than in the previous plates. The 
fourth plate need only be examined in case there is an ambiguity in one of the 
first three plates. Another trick which could be employed would be to use 
double emulsion plates arranged to slide against each other under the control 
of a clock drive. Since the time of the interaction is precisely known from 
the trigger pulse, it is possible to position the plates as they were at the 
instant the particle passed through, and detect the correct particle by seeing 
the track which is unbroken at the interface of the emulsion in the region of 
the emulsion predicted by the spark chambers. Another obvious way to re-
duce the background is to refine the positional prediction in the emulsion and 
to improve the angular resolution in the emulsion in order to reduce the size 
of B. In this regard, recent reports of wire spark chamber performance are 
encouraging. Wire spark chambers avoid the problems of optical recording 
techniques and their many sources of distortion. The angular resolution might 
be improved by the use of emulsions which are thinner than the standard .6 mm 
nuclear emulsion (say .3 mm) and by the use of glass plates with emulsion on 
both sides of the plate. The latter approach of using two sided emulsion plates 
is a very attractive arrangement because the angle is then known to a small 
fraction of a degree by examining the position of the particle before and after 
traversing the emulsion.