The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from The Institute of Paper Chemistry located in Appleton, Wisconsin, dated March 24, 1965. The document is a letter addressed to Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr. of the Aerospace Technology Division, Foreign Technology Division, United States Air Force, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. The letter discusses a sample that was sent to the Institute of Paper Chemistry and provides comments on the nature of the sample, including information about the use of plant fibers in various industries.

Text transcribed from the document:

The Institute of Paper Chemistry
Appleton, Wisconsin
44910

March 24, 1965
Special No. 50,072
Your Ref: TDEW/UFO

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Headquarters
Aerospace Technology Division
Foreign Technology Division
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Your recent letter inquired about any help that we could give with respect to the analysis of material collected from outer space. We have examined the sample you sent us and have the following comments:

The sample is composed of best or leaf fibers from any one of a number of plants. Although these fibers are a minor part of the raw material of plants, the composition and segments of the material is not characteristic and includes the following:

1. Flax fibers are used by several companies in this country, principally for the manufacture of specialty papers. In this case the plants are grown especially for this purpose and are not the linen byproduct.

2. A number of plants, such as hemp (Cannabis sativa), jute (principally from India), manila hemp (or abaca) and sisal hemp (or agave) are grown in tropical America and Africa, and their bast fibers are used for cordage and packing material and find their way into this country as such. These products may then be used in a source of fiber for some grades.

3. Mitaumata, kozo, and gampi are examples of plants which are raised primarily for papermaking, principally in Japan. In many cases this is a handmade operation to