[stamp: partially redacted]

May 1, 1965

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

Dear Dr. Hynek:

I am in receipt of your letter of 15 April 1965 requesting additional information concerning the Portsmouth sighting on 6 January 1965. I regret to inform you that very little information other than that sent with UFOB has been collected. The information which has been collected is enclosed in the form of letters and questionnaires related to UFOB sightings. Unfortunately UFOB does not have a subcommittee in Vermont and our subcommittee usually operates only in Massachusetts where direct on-the-spot investigation is possible for us. In this investigation all communication with the witnesses was by mail. We have tried to obtain as much information such as you asked for but have had no response. I am sure you are aware of this kind of problem.

This is one of the many UFO reports that are "border-line" cases. As you know an outline of these tending to settle the historical record was compiled and issued to NICAP and MUFON. We pointed out that these cases in themselves did not prove that the objects were new phenomena. We think the force evaluation was at least questionable. It is interesting to note that our New England branch ignored and did not pick up any other reports of this phenomena and that the authorities attribute received no reports of a sighting in that area. We understand that the objects turned "brilliant hills" is over four miles away and all witnesses had the impression that the objects were in the foothills (actually in his observation) that this sighting was "localized" and unusual to say the least. I will enclose the names and addresses of the witnesses. Pending your response I will prepare a response from them.

Enclosed is information concerning our subcommittees and a letter to you from Marvin Stein who is on NICAP and once worked with you at Harvard. Will likewise advise of any new reports on sightings by the MUFON Investigator concerning the sighting by the NICAP Officer. I am a second business trip to Seattle I met the chairman of the NICAP subcommittees who investigated this report. He is now a Pilot (Ph.D Mechanical who leads a Boeing 707's). Perhaps you have seen reports from them. All the best to you in your work with the U.S.A.F. investigations. I look forward to Dennis Valley's "Anatomy of a Phenomenon".

[signature redacted]