There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be an old document from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University, dated April 29, 1965, and addressed to Major Hector Quintanilla of the Foreign Technology Division at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio.

The text of the document is as follows:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
Evanston, Illinois
29 April 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division
Box 2704
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

The following is a report on the Hinton, Oklahoma case of April 25.

I called on Sunday afternoon, April 25 and was able to get him immediately. 

The answer is probably birds, but he is going to redo the logbook experiment of seeing a light in town (Hinton, population 1000) which is about a mile to the east. This light was bright in the sky March 9 and he thinks it might be the same thing. He said that he just never thought of that. He felt that they would have to be quite close to be birds, and it turns out they would have to be around three hundred yards away. He said that he could see a car from fifty feet off. Furthermore, there was a star-like a hundred and fifty feet off. There were the lights (white steady) that he didn't explain, but he feels there were various smaller lights that were first spotted west of him so it would have been actually a mile west of town where the lights were first noticed. 

He is a Boy Scout and so somewhat familiar with astronomy, and I asked whether the lights were brighter or dimmer than the stars. The reply was that the lights were brighter, but they were a creamy white color, off white like the lights you get from an old painted ceiling.

Although sixteen years old, he seemed to be quite a steady lad, unemotional and familiar with what he thinks he saw. There was a girl with him, but there was no evidence that her presence influenced what he reported. It was familiar with the fact that birds might be flying around at that season.

He asked me a question about flying saucers, indicating that he had a picture of a UFO by somebody named --- . What is the situation on that primary? He will send up a copy of the Oklahoma sights with the results of his kite experiment.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen Hynek
Director