Q. Where in the sky is Hubble's variable nebula?
A. In Monoceros, at right ascension 6h 38m, declination +8° 43' (1950 ordinates). Also known as NGC 2261, this diffuse nebula is variable star R Monocerrotis at its tip. For a Palomar photograph, see Sky and Telescope for January, 1954, page 79.

Q. I am an amateur astronomer studying French. Is there some popular astronomy magazine in that language you would suggest for reading?
A. L'Astronomie is a well-illustrated periodical, with articles by both professional and amateur astronomers. It is published by the Société Astronomique de France, 28 Rue Serpente, Paris 6e.

Q. What telescope set of eyepieces is suggested for a 6-inch f/8 reflector on an 8-inch equatorial mount?
A. A 1.25-inch ocular is useful for star finding, viewing, and studying a brightly 6-inch for general views of the moon and planets; a 1-inch for lunar detail observing under good seeing conditions. With reflecting telescopes, wider and orthoscopic eyepieces are generally recommended.

Q. What is meant by star names such as R or variable in 81 G. Pavium?
A. G. indicates that a star number is registered in R. A. Gould's Uranometria (Gould, 1879). This work consists of a catalogue and charts of southern stars to magnitude 7.0 in each constellation. The stars are numbered in order of right ascension.

Q. How are daily sunspot numbers determined?
A. By adding the number of visible spots for 10 times the number of spot groups. This total is multiplied by a constant for most observers not in full unity, to bring the daily number into agreement with a standard series, such as the Zurich sunspot numbers. Much care and checking is required to obtain consistent results.

Q. What is an H-α (Hydrogen-Alpha) diagram?
A. It's a graph in which the vertical scale represents star's absolute magnitude, the horizontal scale spectral classes. Insomuch as bright stars are near the top of the diagram, faint ones below; i.e., the stars are toward the left, cool red ones to the right.

Q. How fast does an asteroid appear to move with respect to the star background?
A. At opposition, the apparent motion of a typical asteroid is about 13 to 12 minutes of arc per day.

W.F.S.

Seventy-six miles northeast of Toronto, at Centleton, John T. Ormston compared the length of shadows cast by others 200 yards in front of him. The extended an angle of about 25 degrees. his comparison of them gave a deviation of about 25 degrees.

Standards have found that only a few friction from terrestrial material, say by minutes are required to reduce across roads or from earth into the space rain. they have shown that the almost complete in it continues in minutes and the cooling is heating time of at least a few minutes. Also the areas of water points in the some direction.

On the other hand, V. Barnes has established a new fine filament, nearly pure glass that appear in textiles seen on disposal after bush on home heating. This test down the heating effects of radiant cooled by strongly fine to pressure, which is also how long the Citilidae very hot.

It is even possible to form an idea of the pressure that prevailed during ticksite formation, for they contain bubble in which are the known times of thousands of an atmosphere.

The absorption of texiries with showers of the Cytilidae type is thus supposed by evidence from the are of their texture, that often form in showers such as the Cytilidae, and the ultimate origin of the body that initiated this shower of great interest, perhaps it could even have been a direct shower from the moon by meteorite impact. His idea of a lunar white origin was suggested in this magazine by H. H. Nininger 18 years ago (February, 1943, page 19).

[DIAGRAM: Five circles in descending size from left to right]

In many parts of the world, brown, green, and black tektites have been found, being named for the localities where they were originally dug up. Those drops were found in Australia, where there are estimated to be several million tons. They are called australites, and have a concave radio shape, that of a button or a lens with a flange. Similar numbers of tektites elsewhere, but their distribution is spotty.