Unfortunately, there does not appear to be any photograph or image contained within this document. The document appears to be a typed report describing a mysterious sighting that the author witnessed in the sky over Trenton, Missouri on July 23, 1965. The report was submitted to Project Blue Book, which was the U.S. Air Force's official program for investigating UFO sightings.

Here is the full text of the document:

Trenton, Missouri
July 23, 1965

Project Bluebook
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

This is to report a mysterious sighting which I saw in the sky at SAM tonight. At about 10:30 PM I have watching the skies and reports from others who might have also seen the same but just today I made mention in the Kansas City paper of observations and to the effect that you have a list of 557 sightings which are unidentified). -

I will start by saying that at the time and place mentioned above I was working in the yard in the northeast corner of my home at 509 East 10th Street, Trenton, Missouri, Grundy County, and when a slight but suddenly appearing object seemed to appear over southeast of my home where it seemed to stand still, then suddenly go into a motion and appear again a little to the northeast to west. It reminded me of a car light shining in, but realizing that that was impossible in the upper atmosphere, I soon recognized that that was something unusual.

To my knowledge no one else could have seen this as I was the only one outside at that time. I did not make any sound as it would be impossible to do so, I am sure. In the northeast I saw a fiery glow about the size of three full moons and it gave the impression that the sky was on fire. As I watched it appeared to roll and jerk and send out what looked like flames, but it did not move any closer to where I was standing and after about ten minutes began to slowly move to the ground, nor have I seen any original location. 

To my knowledge no one else could have witnessed this. I did not see account of it in our local paper nor hear of any one else seeing it. I did not call any of the neighbors as they would not have been up although my 87 year old father was the only other person in the home of my household. And I did not wish to leave the window but to wait until I could overnight. 

If you have other reports similar or know what I may have seen I would appreciate the information. I might add that I am 57 years old and have served in the Korean conflict and am now employed as a custodian in the northeast schools. This is my first report of this kind. I have not submitted it to the newspaper but to your attention, hoping an explanation can be offered.

Most sincerely,
[Signature redacted]
Trenton, Missouri 64633