ied, CA 1-6868          HOUSTON CHRONICLE    Wednesday, August 4, 1965    Section 1    Page 13

Many Texans Report Strange Objects in Sky

Unidentified flying objects were reported Tuesday night South America.

Hundreds of reports poured in to the Air Force, the Weather Bureau, newspapers and radio stations. Many were from points in Texas.

At Lubbock a newsman said he saw several of the objects that appeared to be moving south-eastward, and at the nearby Reese County Airport an official of the Federal Aviation Agency said he watched one until dawn. He concluded it was a star.

Report Flashing

Officials at Kilgore, Nacogdoches and other East Texas points said they received many reports from residents, who said the UFOs flashed red and green lights as they moved slowly across the sky.

In the Valley, hundreds of miles from the East Texas sightings, Raymond Rodriguez reported he saw four burning objects that fell to the ground. He said they burned his fencelight when touched. He saved some of the ashes.

From Sherman, a radio newsman reported watching a bright object in the sky for more than an hour.

In Junction City, Kan., an officer newsman took a picture of a skydiver, and discovered on it what appears to be a UFO. It was green.

[THIS IS FIGURE: A sketch/diagram showing what appears to be a map with various markings]

AP Wirephoto
Mrs. Elmo Dillon of Dallas shows sketch of unidentified flying object she observed through an 8-power telescope early Tuesday.

The sketch also showed flashed red, white and blue black dots in the sky, lights but "had no shape."

Resembled nothing but eight black dots.

"Had No Shape"

More colorful UFOs were reported by Gary Harvey, a Cheyenne, Wyo., newspaper editor. He said one hovered near the edge of town, but moved away when he drove toward it. Another appeared in the opposite direction, but also moved away said.

reported seven or eight objects near Denver, N.M., Albuquerque reported that "lobbed up and down, hovered and darted about." One thinks it was a report said the objects were spotted green on the side, with a flashing red light on top.

The Oklahoma City weather observer who reported flying objects Sunday night, insisted they were "no mirage." He only described the UFO as an oval observation with flat top and bottom "with two rings around it."

Another Oklahoma City weather observer saw one, too. He said it was an airplane.

Joined by Another

In northern Arkansas a man reported an object that "moved back and forth" until it was joined by another, dark red in color. They flew off together, he said.

There were several reports of red-and-white flashing objects.

At Sioux City, Iowa, a high school teacher reported he drove into the country to look for UFOs, and found one. A voice who claimed it was a star would be out of his mind, he said.

In Northern Minnesota, police