The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a UFO sighting. The photograph shows an unidentified flying object in the sky.

TEXT EXTRACTION:
PAGE FOUR
UFO LANDS AT BROOKSVILLE
By Joan Whitecloud
East Coast Headquarters
34 Ave. N. St.
Petersburg, Fla.

According to the report, a woman and her daughter were driving home from work when they saw a strange object land in a nearby trailer park. The object was described as being bluish-green and reddish-purple in color, about 30 feet in diameter with a dome on top. The witnesses said the object hovered about two feet off the ground and a man emerged from a door in the side.

LEAVES EVIDENCE
After the man re-entered the object, Reeves said that the object made a humming sound and then the dome opened up. Some flat, bladelike objects emerged and moved like venetian blinds. They opened and closed, spinning faster and faster until they were just a blur. Then the object rose straight up and disappeared into the sky in about two or three seconds. Reeves said that the entire episode lasted only about 30 seconds.

MICROSCOPIC PILOT
Reeves described the robot they encountered as being about 3 1/2 feet tall, of a grayish-green color with a glass dome. He said its head was enlarged and its chin more pointed, but added that it could have been caused by the glass dome. The robot walked with a jerking motion and its left side lifted up and down as it moved. Reeves finished the thing again and walked back to his mobile home. "There was some strange evidence found at the site," Reeves said the opening that could produce a ring-like pattern in the sand.

AIR FORCE CONCLUSION: Hoax
The information gathered by the Air Force concluded that this was officially determined a hoax by the Air Force.
The investigation was turned over to the Air Force upon receipt by the Air Force from the American Airways technical staff man.
SOTTING: that a 30-30 mould object could have been taken off as the alleged rate of 5000 MPH by an technical staff man.
This object also displayed an unusual attitude at slow attitudes as low as 30,000 feet evidence of flight.