The image contains a page from an old UFO report document, which appears to have an article titled "THEORY OFFERED Mystery Objects There All Along?". The article discusses the phenomenon of numerous sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) and offers a theory to explain their existence. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

OCR Output:
THEORY OFFERED
Mystery Objects
There All Along?
Look at the sky long Why, explains Johnson. That's enough and you'll see - maybe when there are an unusuall-it's not much, but sometimes a large number of stars or a ing these UFO reports, many times there turn up informa- tion that perhaps the object seen "disappears" or "vanishes". thing that looks like a star particularly bright. That's why so many people are under the impression that the objects are "new" or "just appearing".
Dale Johnson, director of the Intellignece Division of the Air Force's Project Blue Book, says the natural phenomenon which causes much of the UFO sighting is simply the "disappearance" of stars in the sky - which goes mostly unnoted.
He says the natural phenomena in the atmophere can "make" stars seem to appear and disappear or vary in brightness, sometimes enough to cause people to think they've "seen a flying saucer". Occasionally," he says, "something may move across the sky and draw attention to the fact that a given star is winking on and off".
But, Johnson believes that in a great majority of cases, the unidentified flying objects that are reported are simply normal celestial phenomona which people don't ordinarily notice. He said this has been the case in many of the UFO reports at this time of year.
The next strong meteor shower, expected to be visible over northern California skies, will no doubt be responsible for many "UFO reports" as some people fail to recognize these fast moving points of light for what they are, Johnson says.
Some people look up at the stars, he said, and many of the things they see passing across the sky are nothing more than tiny satellites. These are not visible to the naked eye and a few people just happen to spot them on occasion.
He gives the current "rash of UFO sightings" in the Carson City area as a good example. Witnesses have reported seeing unusual objects hover, dart, change direction and then disappear. But Johnson believes many of these have simply been misidentifications of normal celestial objects.