The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document, likely an old Project Blue Book report.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

22 Jul 65

At approximately 2300, 21 Jul 65, two witnesses were observed on the ground at Allegheny Observatory. The Weather Bureau's Allegheny Observatory and Buhl Planetarium were notified. The observatory reported seeing a bright light around the objects. The objects sighted were faster than shooting stars.

25 Jul 65

Several reports received from residents of the Pittsburgh area. Several descriptions, civil discs traveling in various directions.

27 Jul 65

Several reports received from local residents. Orange sphere sighted 2130 - 2200 hours. Object sighted east of north, stopped, then moved away to horizon, no sound. Also reports of cigar shaped objects, some type reported 22 Jul 65.

1 Aug 65

Several reports received. Silvered cone shaped object sighted, small oval windows seen 1245 hours. Further questioning revealed unidentifiable object.

2 Aug 65

Report received of light, possibly mine rescue lamp 2355 hours. However, individual saw nothing.

4 Aug 65

Report received of red flare in the sky 2410 hours, object sighted football in shape, no sound, about size of north star, disappeared.

7 Aug 65

Report received, red object sighted traveling as if traveled. Object smaller in the center, moving to east. Tracked by radar.

11 Aug 65

Report received, round shaped bright orange object moving at a fast rate of speed, made a whistling sound, came down low and disappeared over horizon. Three witnesses. Further investigation revealed report unreliable.

SUMMARY: The inspecting officer has observed nothing to date. 11 reports publicized, recently given newspaper and radio reports, film and stimulated but reports publicity received concerned individuals and possible hoaxes. No releases by this organization concerning these have been made to the press schedule. SAFOI has been consulted and the current reports on Project Blue Book has been received. Names, addresses and telephone numbers of observers are not available. Informed to contact this organization when UFO's are sighted.