CASSIOPEIA                                N. STAR

[At top of page: small star chart/diagram showing constellation positions]

Miss Catherine MacVicar Duncan, Thomasville, Ontario, who drew this sketch, reported hundreds of sparks in group 1, and a lot of light in the others. Of object 3, she said, "One big body floated along, the flashes... it had sparks passed out to as much fainter than the others. Her location at Thomasville was about 150 miles southwest of Toronto and slightly west of the Chant tract. Hence the Cyrillids appeared to move toward her right. The eyewitness sketches with this article are taken from the "Journal" of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada.

or shortly afterwards, there was heard in many places a peculiar rumbling sound, like distant thunder or like a carriage passing over rough roads or over a bridge. In some cases there such sounds, following or short intervals, over hours; while a number of people left a shaking of the earth or of the house.

The entire time occupied by the displays on Tmmmsemain in certainly, but [was] perhaps 5-3 minutes."

The other remarks of ground were sup- plemented by others from as far westward in Canada as the vicinity of Regina, Saskatchewan. In the easterly direction, Chant also received accounts of the same group of bodies from Bermuda. He noted that the sightings formed an arc of a great circle, with observers to the east out of his circle, using the shower to the west, and those west of the shower seeing it to the east.

On this basis, Chant put forward the idea that the "objects were natural met- eors of the earth.

In the following years, new data filled out the arc over which the Cyrillids were seen. Prof. W. F. Denning discovered some shipboard observations that extended the arc so far to the original length, into the South Atlantic off Cape San Roque, Brazil. Next, W. H. Picker-

[DIAGRAM: Simple geometric sketch showing circular orbit paths labeled "CIRCULAR ORBIT", "PARABOLIC", "TORONTO", "EARTH", and "CAPE SAN ROQUE"]

Sketched here, not to scale, on a parabolic and a circular orbit in the plane of Chant's great circle. Over Toronto, north 60 degrees from Cape San Roque, the parabolic arc descends markedly, but the observer's reports of nearly level light fit only the circular orbit, which is parallel to the earth's surface.

ing located three more shipboard sightings from Brazil. If we move the perigee far- which filled the gap between New York ther to the northeast, the angle in "Toron- and Bermuda. to" gets even steeper, increasing the ve-

Finally, in the period from 1954 to locity bias in the same direction. As the the present, A. D. Mildene has located orbit becomes hyperbolic, this bias to the several dozen accounts in the old news- distic. This loss is the only possible way papers in Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michi- to reconcile the orbit with the observations.

gan, New York, Pennsylvania, and New From the physical point of view, the Jersey. These last especially welcome unevenness of the belt along which the because they fill significant gaps in the Cyrillids were seen is hard to understand, picture given by Chant, and assure us unless they were following one another that the phenomenon was actually con- in similar orbits. If they were an ordinary tinuous over the whole extent. In par- meteor shower, the swarm causing it ticular, they indicate that demonstrators would have to be very thin - about 100 of the light heard in Toronto continued at miles across - and some two or three least 200 miles to Towards, Pennsyl- thousand miles long. Furthermore, the vania. swarm would just have happened to

From the observations, it can be shown strike the earth exactly at its coincided that the Cyrillids were moving about the earth in nearly circular orbits. In so doing, imagine instead that they were moving in the narrow paths of low velocity with respect to the earth. Such orbits would be nearly parabolic in the infinity of our planet. The diagram shows a cross section of the earth in the plane of the great circle along which the Cyrillids were seen. A supposed parabolic path. In this case, the orbital perigee would have been at Cape San Roque and the bodies would have been traveling parallel to the horizon, as observed there. At Toronto, on the other hand, meteors following such an orbit would fall at an angle of about 50 degrees with respect to the horizon. This flatly contradicts the observations, which, as Chant emphasized, point with remarkable unanimity to nearly horizontal flight in this area.

Further, the fact that the individual meteors were seen for periods of a minute or so indicates that their flight was nearly horizontal. Meteors are generally invisible above heights of 100 kilometers and below 50 kilometers. If the Cyrillids had been traveling downward at an angle of 50 degrees to the horizontal, their visible paths would have been some 140 kilometers long. Their period of visibility would have been only 12 seconds, at the probable velocity of 112 kilometers per second, ignoring atmospheric deceleration.

Obviously, the parabolic solution, with perigee near Cape Roque, will not work!. And if we leave the perigee north, we get also in this part, then the meteors would have passed the earth's surface four soon and have been unobservable.

[On right margin] Felts is a moldavite, from Nerdytz in southern Bohemia. The two-times enlargement shows its highest and pitted fixed surface, feldspar are glossy, and characterized by low hardness of refraction, less than those typical of man-made glass.