There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Transcribed text from the document:

Investigated the sighting report of the A. C. 0. C. dated 7 September 1965 at 20:43 hrs. Interviewed the officer on duty at time of sighting and obtained additional supplement and complete details regarding the incident. The initial observations I made were against the background of the night atmospheric observations I made earlier on the evening of 7 September 1965 where the initial sighting was reported. As called, 50-called object struck the M.D. tower and was reported at several locations. The tower is also located at the center of the calling and the brightness seemed to intensify just prior to the calling and the brightness seemed to intensify just prior to the calling and the right-ness remained afterwards for a period of time as the brightness seemed to die out. The lighting condition in employment was apparently a sinuous glow at a distance from the light of the tower and as immediate as the tower itself and commenced a pulsating or pulsing action which seemed to encompass the entire area. This lasted approximately 1 to 1 1/2 minutes and was observed by a number of officers. The location of the light source appeared to be in the general area of the radar tower but the exact point of origin could not be determined. There were no photographic or other sighting evidence made available. The officer in question had not previously had such an experience and was at a loss to definitively explain what he had observed. I could find no physical evidence at the scene to support the sighting and there were no unidentified radar targets or other substantiating data. In my best judgement, this case can be reasonably explained as the illumination of the radar tower itself through natural atmospheric conditions prevailing at the time. There were no physical indications of any residual or conclusive residue as we would expect with an actual UFO contact.