[handwritten: Addl info]

D. TER VALPREDA, Chairman
GEORGE E. MCLAUGHLIN
EMILE H. COUTUME

EDWARD F. KNAPP, Commissioner
RICHARD M. BURN, Aeronautics Supervisor
DAVID W. CUMMINGS, Airport Examiner

STATE OF VERMONT
VERMONT AERONAUTICS BOARD
MONTPELIER

8 January 1965

Mr. Walter N. Webb
Chief Instructor in Astronomy (Special Advisor to NICAP)
Charles Hayden Planetarium
Boston Museum of Science
11 Albard Street
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

[handwritten marginalia in right margin - illegible]

Dear Mr. Webb:

I was advised in a communication of Nov 23, 1964, from Mr. Richard Kall that reports of UFO should be forwarded to you for analysis. Accordingly, I am enclosing the attached clipping taken from the Burlington Free Press of January 8 which relates to a UFO sighting on 4 January at a point about three miles north of Bethel, Vermont, on Route 12 about 5:00 pm.

I have talked personally with Dr. Richard S. Woodruff, State Radiologist at Montpelier, and Corporal Norris Woodward of the State Police Identification Bureau here in Montpelier.

The sightings were made from a car which was being driven by Cpl. Woodward. Both men saw the UFO simultaneously as they did the two following UFOs. Dr. Woodruff's impressions were to the effect that the flight path was relatively horizontal from west to east across the highway as their car was proceding north; Cpl. Woodward describes it a note on one rising from the ground on the west to an elevation of 25°-35° and returning to the ground east of the highway. The men state the object had no visible tail or wings both across that it was more or less round, and was more of a slow than a ball of size. Dr. Woodruff described the color as orange-red; Cpl. Woodward refers to it as "more on the red".

There was no noise at any time. The objects were in view only a few seconds each.

Spacing between the three sightings was several seconds each. Cpl. Woodward placed the height of the object in approximately 200-300' above the ground; Dr. Woodruff stated it was low, but did not estimate altitude.