There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. It appears to be a typed document containing text related to a UFO sighting report.

Oklahoma City IICUPO August 16 2
Information received from the Oklahoma Highway Patrol at the CHIP
lower Oklahoma City.

At 6455 p.m. the GHP tower received in the neighborhood of 35- 
20 visual sightings were made by police and highway patrol troopers
of various colors flying through the area. These passed over the Norman Area. to 
Chandler and back South through Meaker and Shawnee. (all in Oklahoma)
Three Civilian officers stated that they saw four of the objects in 
sight at this time. Also another has a dropped up from the South 
on a course apparently close to fly directly over Shawnee.
The sightings vary from one to four objects, blinking, flashing, in 
a reddish color and varying in speed, and blue lights brighter. Shawnee
reports the object seem to be flying in a diamond type formation. 
During the period the two larger objects were observed by the South east
Cushing and two the West flying in a Southerly direction. GHP
stated one light was at Davenport and two at Chandler also reported 
11 miles West od Davenport on US 66 watched an object which was
described as rotating on a horizontal bottom and where on top were for
15 minutes and move off to the West. Closest APB is 20 - 25 radar
and they advise they are attempting to have approximate 12,000 feet
which seems to coincide with the visual sightings. All very high.
USAF Weather Vishal report at Milan, Illinois RAOB at 9:30 over Owers
"Instrument temperature dropped approximately 12 degrees Celsius on 
the ATS. Carl Broadfot, Liberal Kansas reported similar UFO 
25 miles North of Liberal, Kansas 11:00pm.
Highway Patrol said the same object was over OLTON five minutes 
later, described as a bright white star-like object flying SWED. The
Clovis police dispatcher, G.V. Darnall police lieutenant, verified 
the sight about 22:00 hours, as reported by Tico Wagner 1415 Lakecrest, Norman, Oklahoma at 10:00 p.m. Mr.
Allen Salle Tulsa air 3:20 p.m., OFUFA. reported at 16255 p.m. Hineral Wells, Texas
had had a bright a red & blue object was west of Tulsa, traveling in a
North-to- South Direction. The 1790 was found 71/2 a few miles 
that keep going off and on. Est. 8-10,000 ft. Not on radar Fuller.
Police officer watching by ACTON and said blinking approx.2 miles
South of Sand Springs.