The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

UFOs Over D.C.
The Amateur Radio Tracking of Some
Unidentified Objects on January 15, 1965
By Rod Henderson
(The following document was mentioned in a recent article in FATE on the UFO activity over the Washington, D.C. area on January 15, 1956. The first time many readers have had a chance to see the original account.)
On Saturday night, January 15, 1956, amateur radio operators in the Washington, D.C. area picked up radio signals that were being exchanged between two or three unidentified objects which were moving rapidly through the night sky over the nation's capital. The observers at the Warrenton, Va., Amateur Radio Tracking Station were following the movements of the objects and radioing information to the Washington Post for publication.
The newspaper article stated that when the objects disappeared from radar, the Post would receive a "big turn down" and they would know the objects had moved out of range. A large number of people telephoned the newspaper with reports of seeing strange lights in the sky, and many more heard the story on radio and television.
The sightings caused considerable excitement and the Air Force and the Federal Aviation Agency became involved in the investigation. The Washington Post for 15 January contained an article about the sighting and stated that the objects were apparently not aircraft or satellites.
Jan. V. Zdenĕk, who was one of a dozen or so amateur radio operators monitoring the signals, stated that the objects were transmitting on a frequency of about 143.58 megacycles. Ed Kydd, who was two or a dozen or so amateur radio operators assisting, said the objects were traveling at tremendous speeds which cannot be measured by amateur equipment.
In the article several hypotheses were put forth as to what the objects could be. And they may well have been tests of some new secret devices, but the Pentagon and the Air Force have firmly stated that nothing "new" was being tested that night.
The Defense Department said these things are now common with them, but must be kept classified lest the Russians and others pry into them. The Washington, D.C. area had the same comment on previous occasions, namely, "they were exercises in connection with air defense problems." So there.

D.C. phenomena were a commercial interest near the flying things... While rumored or claimed to be about USAF Northern Command aircraft or some such, the identified objects.