The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which documents unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings. There is no photograph included in this particular page. 

The text on the page is as follows:

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in regards to the observance of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses to give answers to 3a, do not complete report.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.

3.a.Name                        Address
b. Phone                        Age                   Occupation  Pilot, general   
c. Size (compare to familiar object, e.g. basketball, baseball, or larger objects)
d. Shape  oval, cigar, round, disc    Color  bright, grayish-white, no color
e. Formation   two or more   Number of Objects 1 
f. Duration  5 min. or more, 2-5 sec.  Hour and date of sighting 1945 Aug 7
g. Location of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, etc.)
h. Weather (clear day, rainy, cloudy, etc.  Continuous variable clouds
i. Temperature of day (90°, 80°, etc.)  Sunny, 90°
j. What called attention to the observation?  Bright light in sky

1. What angle and elevation was the object on first appearance?  25° 
m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and were there any maneuvers of the object? Toward SE
n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.) Instantly to North
o. How long was the object visible (5 min. 1 hour, etc.) 2 min. - 5 min.
p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescope, binoculars, etc.) Naked eye

q. Time and date of sighting  1945 Aug 7, about 8 PM
r. Light condition (night, day, twilight)  Twilight, evening
s. Geographical position of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, etc.) North of Houston, South of Pasadena
e. Weather (clear day, rainy, broken clouds, etc.) Continuous variable clouds
i. Temperature of day (90°, 80°, etc.) Sunny, 90°
v. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above:

3. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made 
to confirm for deny the observance of the object.