19 April 1955

Mr. [redacted]
Bethel, Massachusetts

Dear [redacted]:

The Air Force has asked my opinion of their evaluation of the Bethel-
Norfolkm sighting of 6 January 1955. I regret that it has taken me this
long to get to this particular case.

As so frequently happens, I need more information before coming to any
conclusion. While there is a strong similarity of this sighting to that
[redacted] of July, nothing definite can be said. I may
have been lost of the distance of these sharp objects. [redacted] indicated
that in his opinion the objects passed between him and the distant hill,
to 30, this would set an upper limit to the distance, and would prove that
the objects were moving along the other hand, one can't mistaken in
matters of this sort. I understand from talking to Salem
on the phone, that there were other reports of the sighting, both by some
people in a car than he trailing his by some distance and by persons
else who saw it more or less at right angles to his position. If this
is the case, it opens the possibility of a rough fix on the object,
a bit of information obviously of great importance.

I should like to ask whether you have made this calculation and, secondly,
whether I might have access to these additional reports. I rather imagine
that the reports were not in it the time you submitted your
material to the Air Force, as undoubtedly you have wished them to have as
much information as possible.

I would agree on the basis of what limited information I have now that the
sighting was not one of ordinary meteors, particularly the Quaerediti. But
it my opinion your hypothesis is not entirely ruled out by the object's
sure in a given distance. Or in other words, I would agree that it was too
fast or went in a peculiar path to be simply a meteor at hand.
I am so used to reports coming in here to the observatory of a
bright object that "landed in the next farm yard" only to discover that the
person had seen a flashed, that landed two hundred miles away. I feel,
that it is extremely important to establish, if at all possible, the distance of these objects by an collective method.

I hope that you will favor me with copies of the additional reports of this
sighting and any other additional information which you have come to light
since your learned earlier this year. I understand that you are extremely
active in this field, and which you combine painstance and patience in
operating fact from observation of facts and pinpointing out whenever
possible the often considerable honest errors in the making of observations.
I do wish you luck in your continued efforts.

Sincerely yours,

[redacted]