The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

[START_TEXT]
At Wallops Station, Va., one of America's NASA rocket launching facilities, a strange object, which seemed very close to the ground, was seen hovering there briefly on January 27, 1965. The incident was reported in the press and various news media.

It appears that about one fourth the size of the moon, whatever was seen hovering there for a few seconds at about 10:30 A.M. that morning apparently startled and impressed the scientists and technicians observing the scheduled rocket launching which was supposed to take place a little later that morning.

It is interesting to note that this incident as well as another previously unpublished UFO sighting which took place on November 3, 1959 were recently examined and analyzed in some detail by the officer in charge of the Blue Book project.

He comments: "In the first instance, the object was reportedly hovering about 150 feet above the ground for a period of 10 to 20 seconds and was observed by at least two persons - one who saw and later photographed it from the ground. The other, in the blockhouse, saw it through a window. It then apparently disappeared from sight. When the film was developed and examined, it was found that it had not recorded the object. In the second instance, the object, described as saucer-shaped and emitting a yellowish light, was seen by the control tower operator at an air force base for a period of about 5 minutes before it disappeared from view.

These newsletters are non-substative, and issued only as often as worthwhile matter is available. The present one is intended as a supplement to Saucer NEWS.

IMPORTANT NOTICE: In order to simplify our files, we always have all matter relating to a given case photostat only once for all correspondents. This means that if several persons are interested in the same case, the photostat will be issued only once, not sent separately to each. The original file remains on hand, not sent out. This will save much time, labor and expense.
[END_TEXT]