The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document discussing a sighting of a "PEAR SHAPED UFO" by an observer named Mr. Craig Shull.

TEXT OUTPUT FROM DOCUMENT:

Aaron Area - PEAR SHAPED UFO
Mr. Aaron Area, 53 Homeside Road, February 22, 1965 was about with Mr. Craig Shull, of Rivesville, W. Va. Flying time in all sort of aircraft, was still awake at 1:58 A.M. Looking up be happened to see in the sky something very bright, very high up and quite stationary. This object or craft, pear-shaped, shined very brightly and was coming nearer and nearer, pretty slowly from 5 to W.  When first seen, it was at 50 degrees elevation. Slower in the sky until it came to an almost pear-shaped form, then it began to go away, traveling from NW to SE. The whole episode lasted nearly 15 minutes. They said that the object seemed to be illuminated from within, and appeared to be very large, the illumination was so bright that it was easily visible even though it was a bright moonlight night. They said the object was shaped like a pear, and was brighter than the brightest star, Venus. The surface seemed to be smooth, and there were no visible protrusions of any kind. Where it remained stationary for a least seven minutes.  
Mr. Shull through the 7x50 binocular, they both said that it had a very smooth surface, almost like polished metal. The color was described as a brilliant, clear, pale gold. They said that the surface was made of what appeared to be a very brilliant, clear substance, very much like glass. After remaining stationary for a while it then turned and went away at a very fast rate of speed. A well defined leading edge and trailing edge was observed. The surface area was less intense, the trailing edge was more brilliant with the appearance of the brilliant star, Sirius. The lighting at 14 minutes duration ended when a bank of clouds moved in and obscured the object. The estimated size was that of a small pea at arms length. 
The course was from NW to SE, Altitude 50 degrees. Time 1:58 AM to 2:12 AM. Duration 14 minutes. Wind WSW - 7 knots.
Substantiation: During VHF I - had a AP rating as a pilot. 
With AT - Commercial pilot with Good-Year Tyre Company.

Mr. Shull: Backpacks and transistors seem.