There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing handwritten text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output the text found in the document:

This was a lighted strip running along the length of the object. The strip was a sort of reddish-orange light and didn't flash. The flashing lights started at about 2 o'clock and went completely around the object. The 2 of us were about 125 yards from this object at the time. These lights flashed around like some of the particles you see when you have a static electricity charge built up in your body. The object then started moving slowly to the right, and we saw -- I don't know what it was.

As it moved, it seemed much larger. It had a definite shape - a long oval or cigar shape, and the lights ran around the whole length of it. If it had been any kind of airplane, I never saw any wings or tail. 

The lights on the strip and the flashing lights were all bright and steady. There was no blinking or flickering. The lights were around the whole circumference of the object. We watched it move slowly to the right, then it stopped and hovered, and was motionless for a few minutes. Then it began moving slowly again to the left, and we kept watching it until it went out of sight behind some trees. We never saw any wings or tail, and never saw any kind of control surfaces.

It was quite large - about the size of a four-engine airplane, though not as high. At first I thought it might be a helicopter, but there was no sound at all, and no rotor blades. It just floated along silently. When it stopped and hovered, it seemed to be at an altitude of about 1000 feet. I would judge the speed when it was moving to be around 200 to 300 mph. It was a clear night, no clouds, and we had a good view of the object. 

I am quite certain that this was not any kind of conventional aircraft. The lights and general appearance ruled that out completely. I felt that what we saw was something highly unusual and not of this world. However, we're afraid to report it.