The image does not contain a photograph. This appears to be a typed document with text describing an incident related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
21 July 1965
Mount Airy, North Carolina

On the basis of reports sightings of "unidentified flying objects" gathered and evaluated, the following case is presented:

An NC 747 Fairchild cargo plane, registered N37568, piloted by Captain Douglas Parker, co-piloted by First Officer F.M. Lowry, was flying from Washington, D.C. to Atlanta, Georgia at 10,000 feet altitude over Virginia on July 21, 1965. The plane had just passed over the Shenandoah National Park area west of Charlottesville, Virginia when the pilots sighted an unidentified object bright enough to be seen against the bright daylight sky. The object was described as round or circular in shape, metallic in appearance, and giving off what appeared to be a bright glare or reflection of sunlight. It was observed for about 15 seconds at a distance estimated to be 10-15 miles. The object appeared to be stationary and remained at about the same altitude as the DC-747 cargo plane.

The pilots informed the CAA (civil Aeronautics Authority) air traffic control at Washington National Airport of their sighting, and a CAA controller confirmed the presence of the unidentified object on radar. The CAA controller said the object was stationary and at the same altitude as the aircraft.

The pilots stated that the object was estimated to be about 30-40 feet in diameter. It appeared to be metallic and was reflecting bright sunlight. The pilots were definite in their opinion that the object was not an aircraft, balloon, or other known object. They indicated that the object was at their 10 o'clock position and appeared to be hovering or stationary. After about 15 seconds the object seemed to accelerate at a high rate of speed and disappeared from view. No sound was heard by the pilots.

The CAA control tower radar confirmed the presence of the unidentified object and said it was stationary at the same altitude as the aircraft. However, the object disappeared from radar at the same time the pilots lost sight of it.

A preliminary investigation by the Air Force Adjutant General's Office, who obtained the information from the CAA, did not reveal any known aircraft, balloon, or other explainable object which could have accounted for the sighting.