There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document titled "THE AUGUST WAVE" which describes a UFO sighting incident.

THE AUGUST WAVE

No date. Informati on received through Air Force channels. 
SOURCE: USAF.

Editor's note: The following is a summary of information presented to this office by an officer of the U.S. Air Force, relative to reports of public safety concern arising from several sightings of unidentified flying objects in the Carson City, Nevada area:

It was last again and was observed that the objects had the ability to hover and then dart through the air it tremendous speed. One object was estimated to have covered a distance of 3,500 feet in about 2 seconds. No other discernable features of these objects have been detected nor is there any other information available as to their nature or origin. 

The Air Force base, Oklahoma, has been informed. This was the first of sightings which occurred in the area and was reported Sunday, August 21, 1955, about 8:00 P.M. when a motorist and his passenger returning to Carson City from Reno, Nevada, observed three bright objects about 30 feet in diameter, hovering over an area about 10 miles south of Carson City. The objects appeared to be under intelligent control and at times seemed to hover motionless, then dart about at tremendous speed. This was witnessed by several other persons in the area and reported to local police and the U.S. Air Force.

On Monday, August 22, 1955, between 9:00 and 10:00 A.M., a State Highway Patrol Officer, while on his regular patrol near Carson City, observed a similar object hovering in the sky at an altitude of about 5,000 feet. He was able to keep the object under observation for about 10 minutes. He reported that while the object appeared to be metal it did not reflect light. It gave the appearance of a flat, circular object about 30 feet in diameter. It made no noise and there was no visible means of propulsion. At one point, the object appeared to shoot a beam of light toward the ground, then resumed its hovering. The officer could not hear any sounds from the object. The object then accelerated and disappeared from sight at a tremendous speed. The officer reported this sighting to his superiors.

On Tuesday, August 23, 1955, about 7:30 A.M., a resident of Carson City reported seeing an object similar to those previously described hovering over the city. He was able to observe it for about 45 minutes. Other persons in the area also reported seeing the object.

Other sightings have been made and reported to the U.S. Air Force and local authorities. Newspapers, radio and television stations have carried extensive coverage of these incidents.

It was stated that the information presented here was taken from the files of the U.S. Air Force and that the Air Force has had the matter under investigation. No further details are available at this time. The sources contacted have advised that they are continuing their investigation and will make further details available if and when they are developed.