The image contains a photograph that is described as a "Rare Saucer Photograph". The caption below the image states that "The picture above is believed to be the first night color photograph of an unidentified flying object, photographed on Aug. 2 when a number of flying objects were reported over Oklahoma skies. Alan, his father, and neighbors all saw the one captured on film."

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

REPORT THE OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA, VOL. 2, NO. 44, OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA 73116, 7430 S.E. 15th
DENNIS WATSON, a student at Central State, expected the woman to look relieved when he returned her purse which she had left in a laundromat. Looking for her purse, he was surprised when he handed it over to find that instead she seemed quite upset.
LORNA McKEMIE tells about the significant last gasp of Utah, that proclaims "The Book of Mormon and That is All." 
READER calls in to tell about the night lights. This young man was going home from school the other day and suddenly became aware of lights at his own tail lights. Turning, he saw his battery down hunting at his own tail lights.
The young man came home from school the other day and suddenly became aware of lights at his own tail lights. Turning, he saw his battery down hunting at his own tail lights. That afternoon the scene was illumined, and that did it, the principles of the thing, not the genius, he was just determined to get to the bottom of it.
THE GUY ACROSS the desk said, "You have to go way back for this one, do you remember during the home oil season the old woman on the TV, the one with the handout?" "Yes," said the other, "lean that, this is the New Dealer's" murmured the old man (anxiously).
Rare Saucer Photograph
The picture above is believed to be the first night color photograph of an unidentified flying object, photographed on Aug. 2 when a number of flying objects were reported over Oklahoma skies. Alan, his father, and neighbors all saw the one captured on film.