The image does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. 

Transcribing the text from the document:

From launch is hover position approximately 5-8 seconds. This bright orange, saucer-shaped, smaller object now hovers approximately 1/2 mile away. It is emitting a sound similar to a rocket (a rear) as opposed to a jet or whine, continuously. Upon putting the field glasses on same, the orange solid mass with naked eyes appeared as a circular orange mass with rapidly oscillating vertical electrical waves; three or four multi-colored.

This orange mass filled up most of the outer lenses of the glasses thus its assumed short distance away (C/S to 1 mile?).

At this time I awoke my wife who confirmed the above through the glasses. While we were observing the above, the following was also observed at water level approximately 1/2 mile to the right of the arm of land (north) as seen on slide #12.

Directly west of the Resort where we were staying and just south of a red marker buoy presumable from the Escanaba area there appeared a large, bright orange mass shaped somewhat like a figure of 8. This area is estimated on slide #18. You will note there are no islands in the area, no arm of land and Escanaba is approximately 48 miles Northwest. During all this, I attempted with #12 and #13 (slides) to capture all on film. Though framed appear blank, at least through hand viewer and slide projector. Perhaps specialized equipment at your disposal can see something on these or #13 and #14 which came back unmounted. #13 and #14 do have silhouettes visible at an angle to the eye with daylight and magnifying glass although nothing shows on the projector. These slides could prove the best results of this sighting.

At approximately 0300 I called the Coast Guard Station on Plum Island and reported some detail of the sighting to the Petty Officer on duty, assumedly while the foregoing was still in progress. He checked the radar scope while I waited at the phone and reported nothing, and said than that he would enter our conversation in the log book. After my call, I no longer could see anything further (about 10-15 minutes later, and it was getting light so I retired.