The image contains a typed document from the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) regarding an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) report. The document does not contain any photographs, only text.

OCR output:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA (NICAP) 1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W. Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

1. Name of witness F. J. Ryan, Mass. Education U.S. NAVY
2. Date of Observation AUGUST 15, 1955 Time 12:55 AM E.S.T. Time Zone EDT
3. How long did you see the object? 2 minutes
4. Please describe the object and its motion. Bright light, Daylight, nighttime, what, etc. One bright white light, brighter than any star or moon, traveling in a straight line, no visible means of propulsion.
5. What were the actions and behavior of the object? Straight, level flight, no changes in speed or direction.
6. How did you come to see the object? (Routine activities, where were you, etc.) On watch on USS Okanogan stationed at Naval Base.
7. Please give your opinion as to what you saw, indicating if possible, whether it was a star, planet, airplane, balloon, etc., and give a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of motion and other significant details. To the best of my knowledge, it did not appear to be a star, planet, airplane, or satellite. I have never seen any craft with characteristics similar to this before. It was the brightest and most clearly defined white light I have ever seen in the sky.

Was the object lighted? YES
Larger than a star or planet? YES
Smaller than an airplane? YES
At a constant altitude? YES
Did it change direction? NO
Did it increase in speed? NO
Did it oscillate or wobble? NO
Any unusual color? BRIGHT WHITE
Could you see any shape or outline? NO, just a bright white light.
Any sounds? NO
Open windows, windshield, storm window, screaming, etc.? NO
How did it disappear? Just Faded Out, no abrupt change.

To the best of my knowledge, this object was not of earthly origin. I have no idea what it was, but it was clearly an artificial flying object of some kind. I would appreciate any information you can provide as to what this might have been.