The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from a meeting of the NCAR Panel on Scientific Use of Balloons, held on 16-17 September 1964. The document discusses various topics, including the attendees of the meeting, the agenda items, and the NCAR's plans for a shelter program.

NGAR Panel on Scientific Use of Balloons 
Minutes
16-17 September 1964

The meeting was called to order at 1:00 p.m. on 16 September 1964 
with the following members present: James Angell, Allen Hynek, Urner 
Liddell and Edward Ney. Present from NCAR were: Thomas Gill, Robert 
Burkholder, Vincent Lally, Alvin Morris, Daniel Rex, Walter Roberts, Stanley 
Sutterfield, Samuel Solot and John Sparkman.

Mr. Morris indicated that Dr. Beyer, John Strong and Verner Suomi 
were unable to attend. Dr. Suomi is assuming new duties at the 
Weather Bureau and was unable to get away. Dr. Strong is ill; Dr. Meyer 
was unable to receive a prior commitment. Since a new Department of 
Meteorology representative has not yet been named, the DOD advisors were 
not invited.

Dr. Rex asked the Panel's reaction to the new schedule of the 
meeting--starting at noon on one day and ending at noon the following 
day. There was general agreement that the new schedule was excellent.

Chairman Ney then called the Panel's attention to Agenda Item 1 - 
Approval of Minutes of 19 May 1964. The Panel deferred 
action on this matter until the members could study the minutes more 
carefully since some of them had been present at the last meeting.

Discussion of Agenda Item 2 - The Palestine Clam-Shelter Building - 
was initiated by Dr. Rex who commented that an inflation shelter has 
been on the Panel's agenda and in NCAR's plans for the past two years. The 
Panel made suggestions and taken more of progress in the past. We 
now believe that we have a practical and effective shelter plan and a 
feasible estimate of the cost. NCAR management has approved this plan 
for construction, but we wish to have Panel endorsement of the plan 
before seeking NSF approval.

Dr. Rex had written letters to Dr. Alvin Powell and Dr. Martin 
Schwarzschild requesting their individual opinions as to the advisability 
of the construction, but we have not yet received their responses (attached 
as Appendix A) were distributed to the Panel members.

Dr. Roberts then pointed out that the inflation shelter had been 
deleted from the fiscal 1966 budget request with the understanding that 
it should be re-inserted in the budgets supplemental request. The 
shelter has further stated that he felt that the NCAR staff had
done an excellent job in the evaluation of the capabilities and usefulness 
of the shelter. Although the staff and Dr. Roberts are completely 
convinced that the shelter will be a substantial asset to the ballooning 
program, Dr. Roberts felt the need of a firmer endorsement from the 
Panel that the inflation shelter should be a positive goal for NCAR 
before proceeding further.