The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, discussing technical details related to emulsion measurements and a proposed program for investigating high-energy gamma-ray physics in the upper atmosphere.

The text in the document is as follows:

efficient to build a special one-dimensional measuring device for this particular job. The emulsion measurement would require equipment designed to position and orient the emulsion so that the desired track is in the field of the measuring microscope and roughly along the optic axis. The desired track would appear as a wigging spot when the microscope scanned through the emulsion depth. Once a track was identified by this technique, the precise position would be determined with respect to a 1 mm grid printed on the emulsion, as is standard practice in emulsion work.

In summary, except for emulsions, the techniques of measurement are quite conventional. The emulsion measurements would differ in that somewhat specialized equipment would be required, and the measurements would be done as the last step in the analysis of events when the particle orbit and the need for the emulsion measurement was established from a preliminary analysis of the other information. Emulsion techniques are not new to the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory. There is presently a technical staff of about 15 persons at Berkeley who scan and measure nuclear emulsions, and a program is already underway to develop automatic equipment for measurement of emulsions.

V. Conclusions
There are reasonable technical grounds for believing that meaningful and precise high-energy gamma-physics experiments in the energy range 100-1,000 BeV and beyond can be performed in the upper atmosphere. The feasibility of these experiments depends on a number of techniques and recent technological developments discussed in this proposal. The cost of the proposed developmental and experimental program (see Appendix I) is small in comparison to other proposed methods of investigation in this energy range, though the comparison must be made with the exploratory nature of the experiments in mind.