The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Major Quintanilla
5 June 1965

Elk Grove Village, February 8, 1965

dashed to the bedroom to get her husband and hauled him out to look. They both went to the window to look. At that time the object was definitely gone.

I questioned her closely on the edges of the object and she maintained that the ovals of light had definite points and were not fuzzy. She drew them for the cameras many times and the best description I can give there is that they were simply two ellipses of rather low eccentricity.

The filming of this whole episode took place about 7:00 p.m. until 1:00 a.m. It is ridiculous the lengths to which these documentary people will do to secure good footage. They first had her tell her story to the cameras and the mike. The story as much as I could ascertain it given a shouting session was something about seeing something outside and this object being very bright and staying there for a while and she saw and there was no point in hiding it. She said she was conscious of the fact that her husband's position, and that of her children in school, might be jeopardized by unsavory talk, but that she felt that she must report it. The NICAP people is a harassment and she had a year of two of trouble before this, but not a terribly good reporter. She decides on the things she is sure of and then sticks with them.

After the filming at the dining room table, with all the lights going full blast I was struck to the significance of the fact that their instructions for the silent cameras then they had her change clothes and re-enact the mystery scene in the window, looking, running to get her husband and pulling him out of bed. (They did not come to the window in his pajamas and robe. In her desire to be extremely gratifying, the young lady demonstrated that her husband doesn't wear pajamas, but night clothes) As you can see, it was a rather jolly Larsen, who is President of the Chicago chapter and another man whose name temporarily escapes me, though I can get it maintained an amicable dialogue with her. In any event, they seemed a cut above the average NICAP members, who they thought I was asleep. I might as well tell that now.

Along about midnight, I was getting rather tired and since I had a nine o'clock class the next morning, I excused myself and lay down on a couch. I did sleep some, but awoke to the progress of her car down the street, etc.