The image contains no photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

ORANGE COUNTY POST
Republican Roundup At Orange Inn; Vs. Charles Brooks Lauded By Monroe Republican Committee
The Town of Monroe Republican Committee held its annual organizational meeting September 18. Charles Brooks, chairman, stated to the committee that what he would like is a candidate of the Republican Party in the ensuing election. He submitted the name of Alex M. Smith, Jr. as Chairman, and Mr. Smith was unanimously elected to that post of Executive Committee Member. 
On motion of John Glazier, it was unanimously resolved as follows:
WHEREAS, Charles Brooks has faithfully served the Republican Party in the Town of Monroe, he one of the few who for forty years, the Town of Monroe Republican Committee faithfully acknowledged the past successes and sacrifices of Charles Brooks, and does hereon go on record in resolutions of thanks for the past efforts of Mr. Brooks and does further respectfully request that he continue to devote his talents and energies to the interests of the government and the community,
Obituaries
Paul Stewart Dey, the infant son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Dey of Ash town, died on September 24. The infant was hospitalized 13 days in St. Luke's Hospital on September 11.
Miss Elizabeth Bowen, a lifelong resident of Monroe died on September 28, in Goshen Hospital at the age of 93 years. She was the daughter of the late David and Mary Bowen. Miss Bowen lived in Monroe 92 years.
Mrs. LaFarge, Mrs. Lufiens Named to Grange Offices
Chester Grange were also elected last week. They were: Chester LaFarge, Master; Mrs. Agnes Lufiens, Overseer; Mrs. Esther King, Treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel McMahon, Secretary. Harriet LaFarge and Walter Durland were elected to the Executive Committee.
Random Opens Campaign
James P. Laddin, Jr., Republican candidate for Supervisor of the Town of Monroe, formerly served as a Chairman of the Republican party in that town, proposes that the Town of Monroe should produce 2,000 more voting strength, and in order to accomplish this, he would provide 1,000 parcels of land, house trailer sites he said, for the following reasons:
1. In order to gain equitable assessments.
2. To improve schools and increase industrial growth.
3. To increase ratables for the town. He said, that 2,000 more voters would be much more preferable to the town and county than land subdivisions and more houses.