The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR Text Output:

OBJECTS appeared at elevations from the horizon ranging from 0° to
90° and at various azimuths through all four quadrants. No discernible
pattern can be found in appearance from analysis of data collected, as
the objects were reported sometimes hovering, sometimes climbing, 
sometimes descending. Reported speeds ranged from stationary or hovering
to extremely high speeds which included "hovering" up and down movement, 
sudden changes in direction, instantaneous stops, and possible disappearance. In one case, the 
object moved across the sky at high speed then stopped and remained
in position for several minutes. No clear pattern of location, heights,
speeds, maneuvering, etc. could be determined. Terrain obscurance
by fading out, usually quite suddenly encountered, caused some objects
to become invisible only to reappear at other locations. Some were visible 
only momentarily, as short as 1/5 to as long as several hours. All observations were ground visual; most often with
the aid of 7x50 binoculars.

4. Time and Date of Sightings: All reported observations occurred 
during hours of darkness (9:00pm to 4:00am) indicating similar
recurring patterns within the following similar
periods of the following two nights, with the most prominent sightings
being after midnight.

5. Location of Observers: In most cases, observers were located at 
various locations in the eastern portion located near the border of
Colorado. In a few instances, observers were moving security guards
driving between locations in the area. Several mobile observations
from automobiles and the inclusion of radar sightings were reported
by the USAF.

6. Identification of Observers: Most observers were young (18-
21 years of age) combat defense force airmen on duty in Minuteman
missile areas near Cheyenne, Wyoming, who were made prime witnesses.
Considered to be eligible and intelligent, only a few have had aircraft experience and few,
if any, had prior exposure to or background in astronomy or space
science. Personnel of the Sioux Army Depot near Sidney, Nebraska also are included among those who made
the sightings.

7. Weather and Winds Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings: 
Observers reported dry, cool, (AVI) conditions through-
out all these periods. Temperature gradient and winds aloft (based on
12000' soundings).