The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report detailing various UFO sightings and observations.

22 Jul 65 At approximately 2230 - 2300 hours this date many reports received from individuals also News Media concerning UFOs. The Weather Bureau, FAA, Alleghany Observatory and the Planetarium of the objects sighted were over the Pittsburgh, PA area.

23 Jul 65 Several reports received from residents of the Pittsburgh area concerning sightings of oranged shaped objects in various directions. 

27 Jul 65 Several reports received from local residents. Orange shaped objects sighted 2130 - 2200 hours. Observers noted back and forth motion, also reports of cigar shaped objects, some rapid speeds.

1 Aug 65 Several reports received of bright objects in the sky stated silvery shaped, small, oval and round. Other described objects resembling a satellite.

3 Aug 65 Report received of high pitched whine heard 0335 hours, individual saw nothing.

4 Aug 65 Report received of haze in the sky 2410 hours, football in shape, no sound, about size of north star over horizon.

7 Aug 65 Report received, red object sighted revolving as it brightened & dimmed, moving at a fast rate of speed.

11 Aug 65 Report received, round shaped bright orange object fast rate of speed, made a whistling sound, also another report of flying saucers, further investigation revealed report unreliable.

SUMMARY: The inspecting officer has observed nothing to date. The preceding entries show concerns to correspond and correlate. Publicity recently given UFOs. We feel has stimulated telephone and personal calls on our office. We try to gather as much information as possible to present to Project Blue Book. Later states, no releases by this organization concerning UFOs this pack has been received. Names, addresses and phone numbers of reporting UFOs are kept on file. The inspecting officer SAFOD has been contacted and the current status has been presented. ACFOH informed to contact this organization when UFOs are sighted.