The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Considering the apparent moment of the camera, one would expect the object to be blurred in the photograph, unless the source was graded. There is little indication of camera motion.

INVESTIGATIVE ACTION: (During period 20 Aug - 19 Sep 65)
When the object was first sighted, the witnesses cut the first two frames, which apparently had apparently been exposed to sunlight. This action showed that the sight frames matched, that they were in apparent normal. There was one frame which duplicated the last two frames. These evidence was not saved.
All the investigative related to this case was negative. The print has not been "dodged", as the negative can be printed without any difficulty. The three large prints that are now available have not been explained. They appear identical to those which could appear on a print which had been made from an unexposed negative.

Neither the negative nor the print took normal. However, no positive proof of the cause of the UFO image and other marks could be found. It was thought to be noticeably than the original. Over 1.5 times the original area.

Microscopic (300x) photographs of the negative did not reveal any evidence of a composite picture, double exposure, etc. Three labeled.

Four additional plates (also examined) of the UFO negative were made under various lighting conditions. The plates appear uniformly dark and turned to a UFO record.

One logical explanation was developed to explain how the photograph of the negative was done. When developing the negative, a drop of developer could have caused localized uneven wiping. This would have produced a faint, uniform image. This sequence could have been developed, fixed, and washed as the negative could have been developed. This sequence would have produced a slightly darker than normal negative. Once the negative was fixed and washed, the steps could be reproduced to produce the UFO effect in this manner.