The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page of text from a Project Blue Book report.

Man Injured . . .
(Continued from page 3)
well as a general anger. This general type of reaction has been before when Flynn could have inflicted these injuries on himself. It is unlikely that he would go to such length in order to promote a space ship story. It would not be logical for him to injure himself in this fashion.
The injury to his eye and forehead are consistent with experience as to body contact, and this is the only logical solution: that Flynn did indeed encounter a sighting in which he was slightly injured.
Assuming the above, we are faced with the question: who or what inflicted this injury? Were the injuries friendly, or were they meant to be hostile? However, there is a possibility that this could be explained as an unfriendly act on the part of Flynn, and this might be so. However, we cannot get too far off the track, and there is no reason to suspect that this was an unfriendly act to protect him from further contact. Synthesis of intent or the second makes no difference in the interpretation of the evidence. However, both alternatives fit the reasonable searching approach to the problem. The evidence of contacts (not to be confused with the type of contacts) in inaccurate and unreliable reports. Personal experiences of space flights are claimed, and especially those which lead to the injury of an individual. Hundreds of space flights have been made and interim circling the earth in addition to landing satellites, and much of this work is possible high and out of sight, and we should not expect these days, and protect it from the onslaught of scientific injury and explain that these vehicles are at least reasonably identified, the object is photographed, it is highly unusual for anyone that is involved, and the object is photographed, it is highly unusual for anyone that is involved, and the object is photographed, it is highly unusual for anyone that is involved, and the object is photographed, it is highly unusual for anyone that is involved, and the object is photographed, it is highly unusual for anyone that is involved, and the object is photographed, it is highly unusual for anyone that is involved, and the object is photographed, it is highly unusual for any-thing to fly around in our atmosphere, out of reach, and this is what is done to their visible sighting. However, a possible sighting somewhere in the area could indicate some scientific research--we just do not know. We do plan that they will land, and some may not; however, we must not ignore our sources in these cases. Obviously, they are capable of coming and going with our notice. They are not an accident or a prank, but we must not ignore our sources in these cases. Obviously, they are capable of coming and going with our notice. They are not an accident or a prank, but we must not ignore our sources in these cases. Obviously, they are capable of coming and going with our notice. They are not an accident or a prank, but we must not ignore our sources. We must attempt to be objective in our approach to the general public--but they will be more joy in the interest of scientific explanation than in demonstrating the immediate significance of "sightings" as evidence--whether it is possible or not.