The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned document titled "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO) INFORMATION SHEET".

Text extracted from the document:

Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in regard to the observance of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If persons refuse
2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.
3. a. Name: Phone # Occupation: Traffic for A Alanta,Georgia
b. Shape of Object: Life Saver or Egg c. Color: Green
d. Size (compared to dime, quarter/baseball, basketball, or larger item): 
e. Formation of 4 or more objects in group: Yes f. Number of Objects: 4
g. Unusual Features of object: Still like a star
h. Was there a trail, smoke trail, or exhaust? No i. Any Sound: No
j. What called attention to the observance: What caught my eye was 3 were 30' the other 3 were 135' 
k. What single elevation was the object on first observance: Winnings 60s other 3 were 135'
1. What angle elevation was the object when disappeared: Winning one went out instantly, other 3 went straight up
m. What was the flight path of object (to north 20 south, to west, etc.): Winning one went straight up, other 3 went straight up
n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.): Winning one went out instantly, other 3 went straight up
o. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.): 15 min
p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescope, binoculars, etc.): Naked eye
q. Time and date of sighting: 11:53pm 8-7-65
r. Light conditions (night, dusk, daylight): Nighttime
s. Geographical position of object: (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, direction according to compass): South of Pasadena, due east
t. Distance/ elevation from observer (estimated): 30' for winning one 135' for other 3
u. Temperatures of day (80°, 90°, etc.): 83°
v. Other information not covered: Giving signals (Flashing red, blue, & green lights)
5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observance of the object.