The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text document describing a UFO sighting report.

NO CASE:
SOURCES:

Information Only
Flying Saucer Review
NOV-DEC 65

15 AUG 65
Windmore Green, England

Windmore Green, Appleby, near Carlisle, Cumberland. On 15 August at about 4 a.m. a strange object was seen passing over. Mrs Lorna Ellwood, who resides about 15 miles north of Appleby, states that the object was spherical in shape, emitting a bright light, and that it was travelling very fast in a westerly direction. She described it as a very strange "washing-beam" in appearance. The incident was mentioned to the local police who considered it "worth investigating," but they apparently did not visit the spot or take any official notice of the report. Later in the day Mrs. Ellwood was again watching the object, which seemed to be hovering in the sky near her home. Her daughter also saw it. Then again we have a report from the Isle of Man.

On the night of 16 August at about 10 p.m. Miss Mary Young, a resident of Douglas, saw an object which appeared to be a large balloon or an airship passing over the middle of the island from north to south. She watched it for about 3/4 hour as it drifted southwards. It appeared to be elongated in shape and to have a number of lights. Some of the lights were pulsating. 
I know about the Longshaws, and this incident but the details I gave were wrong. Firstly, it was Mrs. Lorna Ellwood who saw the object, not Miss Eltwood. Secondly, the object was seen over Windmore Green, not Appleby. The police were informed but did not visit the spot or take any official notice of the report. Mrs. Ellwood saw the object again later in the day, as did her daughter. The report from the Isle of Man was on the night of 16 August, not 15 August. The witness there was Miss Mary Young, not Mrs. Young. The object was described as being elongated in shape and having a number of pulsating lights. It drifted southwards over the middle of the island for about 3/4 hour.