There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

UFO SIGHTING, MIDDLETOWN, OHIO DEC 10 1965

RE: USAF RADYCC (CB-POINT)

Subject has requested an evaluation of her observation which occurred on 4 November 1965. This is to suggest that BAYOU RELAY this information to her.

The results of our investigation into the sighting on the night of 4 November indicate that the initial phase and possibly some of the subsequent actions of the sighting were substantiated by our own observations. On 4 November 1965 at approximately 7:30 p.m., your daughter observed an object in the sky to the Northeast and the landing runway was on an azimuth of 055 degrees. When we arrived on the scene, bright lights were inspected on the aircraft which were operating at the time, as well as the bright running lights at the local airport.

Although there is a discrepancy of about five minutes in the reported time of the sighting and landing of the aircraft, it is reasonable to assume that this small difference in time would not eliminate this as the cause of the report. Since you were parked on the highway waiting for your daughter at 6:20 and did not observe the object, this tends to indicate that the aircraft at this time was far enough away from the location to prevent it from being easily seen.

The aircraft at this time was far enough away from the strobe and beacon lights to make the smaller lights appear to be hovering and stationary. At this time your car was moved to a point near the runway to observe the aircraft as it turned and flew toward the Northeast. The illumination of the banks and flashing beacons would give an indication of "sparks and flashing" which you compared to a "distinctive maneuver".

There is one point of discrepancy here in the direction reported by you as North. The aircraft was approaching from the Northeast and disappearing to the Northeast, which was not the direction of the indicated track.