There does not appear to be a photograph or image in this document. The image provided is a scanned page of text that appears to be a written report or document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

Special Incident Report 35-6m
Investigation - Ft, Knox, Kentucky
Seri no. 64-2207
Date: Jan 8, 1965

Mr. G2-3 contacted me on Jan 5, 1965 and advised that on Dec 26, 1964 a military policeman stationed at Ft, Knox, Kentucky had observed a strange light or object in the sky at approximately 2250 hours. The military policeman had reported his observation to his superior officer and a report was forwarded to the commanding general of Ft. Knox.
The military policeman stated that while on patrol he observed what appeared to be a very bright light in the sky to the north of his position. He stated that the light was stationary for some period of time and then began to move rapidly to the east and then to the west, making several changes in direction at high speed. The military policeman reported that the light was observed for a period of approximately 10-15 minutes and that it was brighter than any star or planet he had ever observed. He further stated that the light did not resemble any conventional aircraft with which he was familiar.
The commanding general of Ft. Knox requested an investigation of this incident and a copy of the report was forwarded to the Air Force.
I was directed to contact the military policeman who made the original observation and to obtain a detailed statement from him concerning the incident. I was also instructed to contact the commanding general of Ft. Knox and obtain any additional information he might have concerning the incident.
On Jan 6, 1965 I contacted the military policeman who had reported the observation. He reiterated the details of his original report and stated that he was certain that the light he observed was not any type of conventional aircraft. He stated that the light moved in a very erratic manner and at extremely high speeds, far in excess of any aircraft with which he was familiar.
I then contacted the commanding general of Ft. Knox and he advised me that he was very interested in this incident and requested that I forward a copy of my report to him as soon as possible. He stated that he would appreciate any additional information I could provide concerning the nature of the object observed.
This report is being forwarded for your information and further processing.