The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text output from the document:

22 Jul 65 At approximately 2030 - 2100 hours this date many alleged sightings of unidentified flying objects have been received from individuals also down to the Pittsburgh area.  The observations, other reports and investigations conclude therefore that the main reason for the sightings was consistent with the summer phenomenon when many light object are seen due to the conditions.  The observations and investigations conducted. The observations and investigations conducted.  The observations and investigations conducted.

25 Jul 65 Several reports received from residents of the Pittsburgh General Distribution center that observe a 'strange object' in the sky in various directions.

27 Jul 65 Several reports received from local residents.  Orange light sighted 2130 and 2300 hours.  Sphere type object seen dark and light sometimes hovering.  Object checked further, unidentified. 

1 Aug 65 Several reports received.  Silver sphere object sighted, small, oval, windows seen.  Further questioning revealed report unreliable.

2 Aug 65 Report received of high altitude object white, round, size of football in shape, no sound, about size of north star.  

7 Aug 65 Report received, red object sighted traveling at a fast rate for a short time then disappeared. Further investigation revealed mirage.

11 Aug 65 Report received, round shaped bright orange object maneuvering, could explain away as aircraft maneuvering, object moving at a fast rate of speed. Further investigation revealed mirage.

SUMMARY: The inspecting officer has observed nothing to date. All physical sightings of an unrelated observation have been investigated and in most cases have been explained in the natural or known phenomena, because of the number of reports. Form have been reproduced for further information to the information of the public. SAPOI has been contacted and the current report submitted. No further action required. The observatory has been contacted and informed to continue to assist in investigating all other similar reports.