There is no photograph or image present in this document. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing only text.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) Output:

Ramona, san diego co., california 92065
December 29, 1965

Major Hector Quintanill is, Jr.
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Honorable Sir:
Your indulgence, please.

MY husband, Mr. -- an avid reader of Popular Science, for the first time heard of the "Unidentified Flying Objects" and read with great interest your "Condon Report".

He mentioned to me that there were many new episodes which intrigued me. Into writing this letter, I have read and read open-end encounters of yours and how it was "covered up" by the one photographed by the TV newsman was on August 12, 1965.

Our cat "Cleo", usually perches herself on our rooftop, and I went out to get her. I was astonished at the sky, the clouds were the most beautiful blue blue, with many peculiar formations. Suddenly, from the corner of my eye, in the immediate Hill beautiful blue blue, with many peculiar formations. Suddenly, from the corner of my eye, in the immediate field of my vision, I saw an object no more than thirty feet in diameter, silvery with an appear-ance of metal structure, with no lights, no vapor trail, no sound, emerging from a cloud of white, and accelerating from a slow speed to a very high speed and disappearing into another cloud. Soon after this object disappeared, the sky became clear of unusual cloud configurations. Secondly, from the southwest, since the power line towers at the corner hide any distant view, I like to observe the sky. On this particular evening, I observed a perfectly straight line of light, silver in color, perhaps thirty feet long, moving at a high rate of speed from the southwest to the northeast, until it disappeared. This occurred on September 3, 1965.

I am quite aware no one would believe me, and it appears to have been one of those temporary hallucinations, but remember, I did not seek these events; they came to me. I realize that people in this community, too, today most peoples remain within and in fact, I too, may have missed all of those who have It not been my wish to find these clear signs. Thank you very much for your indulgence and the more you know. Seasons greetings and success in 1966.

Sincerely yours,
[signature redacted]