The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an "Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) Information Sheet" that is filled out with various details about a reported UFO sighting.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO) INFORMATION SHEET
1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in reports to the Observations Center, called the Air Force Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) Information Center.
2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.
3.a.Name: Mrs. * Age: 70 Occupation: Housewife
Phone: Address: Houston, Texas
b. Shape of Object: Oblong, rectangular, like "saucer, baseball, basketball, or large arrow" Color: White
c. Size (Compared to known object): Size: saucer, baseball, basketball, or large arrow e. Number of Objects: 4
f. Formation, if more than one: See above g. Unusual Features of object: Came quickly, no vapor trail, no exhaust 
h. Was object: still, hovering, or moving slowly Slow, no vapor or exhaust Any Sound: No
i. What called attention to the observer?, Lights on object attracted attention, sitting on porch watching the sky.
j. What angle and elevation was the object when observed?: First seen very high, then started descending, went out of sight.
k. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared?: First seen very high, then started descending, went out of sight.
l. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, towards or away)?: Came from east, moved west, then out of sight.
m. How did the object disappear?: Instantly, to the north, no direction, etc. Went out of sight.
n. How long was the object visible?: (5 min., 1 hour, etc.) 3-5 minutes
o. How was the object observed: (naked eye, telescope, binoculars, etc.) Naked eye
p. Time and date of sighting: 7:55 PM 9-7-65
q. Light conditions (night, day, dusk)? Evening, dark
r. Geographical position of observer: (Where in Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.) South of Houston, near Pasadena
s. Weather (clear, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.): Clear
t. Temperatures of day (80°, 90°, etc.): Around 80°
u. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above:
5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observation of the object.