There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

At 1600 hours, 3 Mar 65, USAF(UFO) received a call from Mr. Porter, Base Information Officer, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio. The caller stated that a Mrs. Dayton (Dayton, Ohio) phone number censored, had called him and reported seeing a UFO. 

According to Mrs. Dayton, this occurred about 1545 hours, 3 Mar 65. When she came over the knoll on her farm, she observed an object in the field approximately 1/4 mile away. She said it hovered about 10 feet above the ground and looked like it was coming out of the ground. It was disc-shaped, about the size of a small car, and had a reddish glow around it. She also said it had 4 or 5 appendages hanging down from the bottom. The object remained in view for about 30 seconds and then suddenly disappeared. She didn't believe that she had seen anything. Her son came in again and said he saw the same thing. She appeared to be a normal, rational person and was not afraid people would think she was crazy. She appeared to be a calm, middle-aged housewife.

On 3 March 1965, Sgt Moody called Mrs. Dayton at her home. Mrs. Dayton stated that about 1545 hours, 3 Mar 65, while she was hanging clothes on her line, she observed a brightly lighted object in her field. The object was round or disc-shaped, about the size of a small car, and had a reddish or orange glow around it. It hovered about 10 feet above the ground for about 30 seconds and then suddenly disappeared. The lights did not go off when it disappeared, looked like it was simply going towards the horizon. At first thought it was an aircraft, however it hovered in place without any noise. The lights went out all of a sudden, not just dimming. One bright light was seen about the same time as the object appeared. Mrs. Dayton said her son also saw the object but did not come outside with her. She was not excited or nervous when she called and said she had not been drinking. She was just puzzled by what she had seen. It was a clear day and the object was about 1/4 mile away. 

Mrs. Dayton stated that these 3 boys say it, including her son, around 0800 from the Dayton-Patterson area. They said the object came up off the ground and then went overhead at a high rate of speed. At one time it was stationary, then it shot off at a high rate. The boys observed the UFO for a short time, probably less than a minute. The description matched that of what Mrs. Dayton had observed.

Mrs. Dayton's husband, Mr. Dayton, got on the phone. He wanted to tell us that anybody on a wild goose chase. His wife was excited when he came home from work and so was he. At first he thought it was an aircraft or something of that sort. He was informed that we would callback at 1900 hours to talk to them again.