There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As per your request, I will act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

Athenes, Ohio 
September 27, 1965

Maj. Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Chief, Project Blue Book
FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Dear Maj. Quintanilla,

Thank you very much for your letter of July 28, concerning the object seen in the Athens area on July 12. Although you probably considered the case closed by now, I have thought it might be of use to you in future sightings.

Were a following balloons found? It does sound credible that two 250-300 feet high radar targets--this object was obvious metallic--could be this "first" in an area so saturated with radar equipment.

Two further developments regarding the July 12 sighting which may be of interest to you:

1) A freelance photographer and former magazine editor--Ireno pts that he observed what was apparently the same object almost over Yellow Springs at about 8:30 p.m. At this time it appeared to be manuvering in a slow, erratic motion, so after watching it for approximately 10 minutes he went to his studio to get a telephoto lens with which to photograph it. However, when he returned to the area, the object had disappeared from sight.

2) Still puzzled by the fact that I had been working out-of-doors for some time prior to our original sighting of the object--in an area so close to where it was seen--I checked with the dispatchers of the local Ohio Highway Patrol, Athens County Sheriffs, and Athens Police Dept. Although they could not confirm definitely that they had observed the object, they stated that it was under investigation and they considered it under observation.

I estimated that it should have taken approximately 2 hours to move from the eastern horizon to the point of Athens where we first observed it.

From the telephone logs of these law enforcement agencies, however, I found that the initial calls to all three agencies had come in within 10 minutes of each other, at approximately 7:40-7:50 p.m.--and from then on they were swamped. Yet there were no apparent changes in weather conditions, light, etc. which could have accounted for the sighting being so concentrated.

Do you have any further questions on the rush of sightings in this area in early August?

Sincerely yours,