The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, consisting of a form with various questions and answers.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 CONNECTICUT AVENUE N.W.
WASHINGTON 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP (as is regularly done).

1. Name - LINDA GILLESPIE
Address - 223 BROADWAY
Raynham, MASSACHUSETTS  
Telephone - 822-2111

2. Date of Observation NOV. 15, 1965

3. Locality of Observation NORTON, MASSACHUSETTS

4. How long did you see the object? APPROX. 6 MINUTES

5. Please describe the object(s) and its/their actions. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, transparent, disk-like, spherical, etc. There was a mist like light that grew brighter and would fade out. It appeared to be circular or oval shaped.

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and its position. The moon 

7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? The moon

8. Were there more than one object? NO If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of travel, etc.

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it (were they) revolving, etc. It appeared circular or oval shaped, a mist like light that grew brighter and would fade out.

10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? YES, very bright

11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. About the size and brightness of a small aircraft light

12. Did the object(s)  a. Appear to stand still at any time? NO
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? NO
c. Break up into parts or explode? NO
d. Give off smoke? NO
e. Leave any visible trail? NO
f. Drop anything? NO
g. Change brightness? NO

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate, giving distance, size, etc. if possible. NO  

14. Was there any wind? NO If so, please give direction and speed.

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpane, storm window, screening?

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? YES What kind? HUMMING SOUND, VERY FAINT

17. Please tell if the object(s) was/were - a. Fuzzy or blurred.
b. Like a bright star.
c. Simply outlined.

Object was sharply outlined