The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, featuring text that describes various UFO sightings and related information.

Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star?
By Jim Jackson and Ivy Cofey

The official air force explanation of the sightings was that they were caused by air-force activity, such as jets, weather balloons, etc., and that they were not extraordinary in any way. However, we are told that the witnesses in this case were some of the personnel at the Stead Air Force Base, near Reno, Nevada, and that their sightings were not limited to the official air force explanations. In fact, they claimed to have seen strange objects maneuvered in various ways which defied the explanation given. The sightings were not confined to the Stead AFB, but extended to nearby areas and neighboring states.

Though the air force tries to explain the objects as being manifestations of normal air force activities, the people who saw them insist that they were of an extraordinary nature. And, as Maj. Monndhall, USAF, states, "the witnesses in this case were very reliable people" and their sightings deserved a closer study.

The sightings in the sky were continuing. The object or objects were reported a number of times during a period covering several months. They were described as glowing brightly and as having a pulsating motion. They were seen by a number of people at various locations, including near Durant, Oklahoma, and into neighboring states.

It is claimed that the objects varied in size, apparently merging into the clouds at time. Sometimes they appeared to change colors, sparkling in the sky.

The announcement from the air force was that the sightings were merely weather balloons and nothing more extraordinary. However, the witnesses insisted that they could not have been weather balloons, as the motions and maneuvers were quite unusual. The objects were said to be large and to have lights that pulsated and changed colors, unlike weather balloons.

The report states that Harry H., an aircraft mechanic at Stead AFB, saw three of the objects and described them as round, glowing and hovering. They made a vertical takeoff and then moved out of sight rapidly. 

Another witness, Ed Charles Dellufai, of the Lackland AFB, Texas, said that while he was driving on the highway in Nevada, he saw a large glowing object which slowed down and then shot off to the north and then it stopped. Dellufai said that the object was 100 to 150 feet in diameter and had a row of white lights around it.

It was reported that there were other sightings, and the objects varied in size. Some of them were as large as Platter-shaped and had a glowing base. Some were said to be like an ice-cream cone with a glowing stem. The objects were also reported to have sound which was described as a roaring or a humming sound.

The air force continued to insist that these sightings were ordinary air force activities and nothing more. However, the people who saw them insisted that what they saw could not be explained away so easily and that the air force was not telling the whole truth.