The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The text on the page appears to be a letter describing an electronic engineer's sighting of an unknown object with several details about its appearance, speed, and maneuverability.

The text is as follows:

Headquarters USAF
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sirs:

I am an electronic engineer presently employed with North A. in Downey, California. I am working on Project Apollo and am very familiar with the propulsion of large ballistic missiles. I have seen many firings of large ballistic missiles and I have seen satellite devices and instruments. 

On November 7, 1965, while hunting in a remote area in New Mexico, Chula Vista, California, I observed what appeared to be four ballistic missiles in flight. The speed of this object was incredibley fast and I have never seen the likes of it. The details are as follows:

Time of sighting: 2215 local time May 7 th, 1965. 
Position of object at time of sighting: 090 degrees azimuth, 15 degrees elevation.
Source of object: 372 degrees (north 8 degrees east).
Length of sighting: 7-8 minutes.
Color: Brilliant and oscillating in color (white, blue, green and orange).
Shape of object: Seemed to be disc shaped but irregular to be contain.  
Sound: Very slow at first for about three minutes, bu then a high pitched sound similar to keening or whisleing for about 4 minutes.
Speed: Very slow at first, increased to a speed that was up due to the fact that it became difficult to follow with the eyesight. It appeared to climb to the southeast, degrees to 230 degrees in the four minutes.
Sky conditions: 10 scattered at 3,000 feet.

General: I have seen the planets Jupiter and Saturn, and I have no idea of its altitude even though its shape was not like your average aircraft. I have no idea of its altitude even thought its shape was not like your average aircraft. 

I hope this information helps you. It may be an explainable routine thing that is known. But at least it is an intriguing sighting.

Very Respects,