The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Services investigators. The results of our evaluation of your information will be published for public information after all the information has been fully studied. The form should be filled out as completely as possible so that all pertinent facts may be included in the published report.

1. Name: [REDACTED]
   Address: [REDACTED]
   Telephone: [REDACTED]
2. Place of Employment: [REDACTED]
   Occupation: [REDACTED]
   Special Training: Military Service
3. Date of Observation: 9/3/65
   Approximate local time: 11:35 PM
4. How long did you see the object? Hours 1 Minutes 30 Seconds
5. Please describe what you saw, in as much detail as possible. Be specific as to size, color, brightness, speed of movement, and any other details you recall. Include any sounds you may have heard: Large, round, bright light, silently moved overhead in a low, level flight, then made a sharp turn to the right and accelerated rapidly out of sight.
6. Position of the sun or moon in relation to the object and to you: Cannot recall
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? Yes, full moon visible
8. Were there more than one object? If so, how many, and draw a sketch. No
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. See #5
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? Yes
11. If so, compare the brightness with the sun, moon, headlights, etc. Brighter than full moon
12. Did the object(s) seem to be solid, outlined by a fuzzy glow, or what? Defined, outlined edge
13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in back of, or behind, anything? If so, please elaborate giving details and timings. No
14. Please sketch the object(s) showing outline, color, and any special features. No sketch
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, window-glass, etc.? No
16. Did the object(s) have any sound? No
17. Please tell if the object(s):
  a. Hovered
  b. Moved slowly
  c. Moved rapidly
  d. Zigzagged
  e. Moved in a straight line
  f. Suddenly appeared and disappeared
  g. Changed brightness
  h. Sharply outlined