ADJUTANT UFO Report, Bethel, Vermont, January 4, 1965 (continued)

Page A. Whereby, Bethel Chairman of Board of Selectmen
believes Report and Reasonable, Monday p.m. - 4:30 PM:

"...L was reluctance to make comment until I read...
until I read. Report in the paper. I know the 1960
observation. At 95 of Snow Lobo the two of them
made sightings at Highsmith Lumber and town warehouse."

"I have travel two route every day. About a mile march
clear, one particularly 1950 observation..."

"The two Killings appeared to some dangerous in
bright...O-shaped, and is very startled to be
...of the Residents stated to do about the at baseball.
There I made to...or a boy full of strange..."

"The any type of frozen bullet Since you spoke I read some
afternoon things until to the point of another. They
are reading. Albermcm they disappeared from
the Sulpher Dumped the southern Villages."

"My believed it. I dont use to three hundred feet and
use to several feet above to...or open"

"Sir...I don't feel the girls in visibility very
bad. I from believe had General! the I believe that
...be bad object could eventually be investigated..."

REMARKS FULL DISCUSSION ANALYSIS OF UFO EXPLANATION:

CIVILIAN SCIENCE CORPS

Elevation = 5/8        Feedback Report: Background Major from
Elevation = 6/4        Orientation: 22:00 AM on Monday AM

AT 9:00 PM:        1) Feedback Point just above or below anyway, N. Reading:
                   2) Had, all advanced climbed UFOs making out of the
                      North and South elevation over the flaming
                   3) Stringer 2-8 SW/3-east sighted at time Karl and
                      did not [illegible] 3.5 min and sightings are
                      [illegible] directions of small motion in leg 6:15.
                      [illegible] observed 3 UFOs do formed movement:

Other space [illegible] to with ant reference:

Star: During the ride of a baseball and a Norther; an amp's length.
"..." normal to two objects this length - 5 in a foot

Description: Domed, sharply defined, white a glowing amber.
[illegible] through top opening, no window small. Burned for many minutes.
Shape: All over - no change in distribution or noted in heavy movement.

Launched: several hundred feet Estimated: Velocity UFOs the field:

[Text becomes increasingly illegible toward bottom of page]