This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, consisting of a series of questions related to an observed UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO: Given the handwritten response "F. F. VERY FAST", the witness estimated the speed of the object to be very fast.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO: The handwritten response indicates "NO".
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building, b. In a car, f. Other: The handwritten response is "f. Other".
23. Were you (Circle One) b. In the residential section of a city?: The handwritten response is "b. In the residential section of a city".
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: The handwritten responses indicate the witness was moving at a speed of "VERY FAST".
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? The handwritten responses indicate the witness used binoculars ("YES") and telescope ("YES") to observe the object.
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.: The handwritten response provides a detailed description of the observed object, describing it as a "DISC-SHAPED", "SILVER", and "VERY FAST" object.

OCR Output:
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? F. F. VERY FAST
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? NO
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car f. Other f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One) b. In the residential section of a city?
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? VERY FAST miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars YES - No b. Sun glasses YES - NO c. Windshield YES - NO d. Window glass YES - NO e. Telescope YES - No f. Theodolite YES - (NO)
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
DISC-SHAPED, SILVER, VERY FAST.