There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR Output:

Of your observation, the jet is making a direct approach toward the air field. At this point you decided to move your car, and the aircraft continued its approach following the road descending for a landing. At this time, the wings and tail lights were clearly defined and the spread of the aircraft could have been observed to be gaining speed. This would constitute the third phase of your sighting consisting of the chase of the object down the road as its constant with your observation of the Aireco jet.

The fourth phase consists of the lights appearing on just above the terrain in the direction when you first sited the aircraft lights on the runway (invisible from that location) as some ground lights on the opposite side of the river. The final phase of your sighting consisting of the lights rising and moving off to the Northwest cannot be explained. the aircraft had landed I have asked you to be watchful for this portion of your sighting. A check was made with the local radar station and no unidentified targets were observed on the night of 1 November. Contact was made with all known military agencies operating helicopters near Middletown, OHIO, and none were in the area at the time of your observation. The brilliant lights as described by you were not observed by other agencies or other aircraft during their approach to the airport. This particular sighting since 1800 EST has no operating control tower. The pilot in his approach to the airport must have observed the other aircraft in his approach but was preoccupied with his landing. Witnesses have reported to us they are familiar with the local landmarks and ground lights adjacent to the air field. No unusual lights were observed. No additional witnesses have reported anything unusual which we can correlate with your sighting.

Our evaluation of your observation is consistent with the above interpretation of the sequence of events associated with your report and the landing of the Gulfstream 377-A. This case will be carried as two separate objects. The first evaluated as an aircraft, and the second disappearing to the Northwest remains unsolved. The