The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UFO Case: Mr. — cont.
 p. 2
or that sparkled white, like something that was turning around. She was inconsistent in that she said at first they thought it might be something very high catching the sunlight or the sun one hour before dark, and on the other hand she said there was an overcast. Mr. — also watched the north-going light with an opera glass but could see no more than he saw at first.

Both she and her husband like to fish at night and are familiar with the way stars look to them in which planes go across the sky. They stated the usual thing we get in these reports "They never saw anything like it" but they would like the Air Force to tell them what it was they saw.

When she awakened her husband she said, "Get up and watch these lights." Never saw any shape, only a light, no sound, and I questioned her closely on solids in this neighborhood. At this home she says there were no soldiers nor lights seen, no visible object except this light. Both objects never paused in the same space, only the lights were seen at the same speed.

This remains an unknown unless we can show that at that precise time one of the satellites was going on a north-south passage, which is a usual rendezvous purely an illusion. We need further information on the actual object cover and on the satellite schedule. Balloons are ruled out, and I rather think helicopters are, but not necessarily. If helicopters, then their action would have to be such as to make the object lights seem to disappear and reappear in a trajectory was always a straight line, there being no sway or intermittent motion except the time when they apparently stopped. I think sending a 1(i) would now do very little good since I think I have squeezed out all the information I'm at least, now got. Now that I think of it, I guess the original report said that some stars were visible. The moon was at first quarter and so had set long before. Suggest we get the weather records, and I can further drop her a note and ask her specifically if she saw stars.