There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES / NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? about 1,500 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES / NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 6,000 feet to 7,500

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In an open area
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side? 
d. In a park or recreation area? 
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 Where direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES / NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle applicable)
a. Telescope    Yes / No
b. Sun glasses    Yes / No
c. Windshield    Yes / No
d. Window glass    Yes / No
e. Binoculars    Yes / No
f. Telescope    Yes / No 
g. Theodolite    Yes / No
h. Other    Yes / No

26. In order that you can give a clear picture as to the possible nature of what you saw, please, in your own words, describe as clearly and in detail as possible what the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The object had a glowing yellowish light with wings on each side that covered the whole object. It gave the appearance of a large, bright orange/yellowish colored object the shape of an elongated diamond or triangle. (My objective opinion: The description suggests a possible meteor/fireball, though more context would be needed to confirm this.)