This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that provides information about UFO sightings reported in Chile and Argentina.

UFO INVESTIGATOR

Chile, Argentina Confirm UFO Films

In official public statements, authorities in Chile and Argentina have solidly confirmed clear UFO color pictures taken at their Antarctic scientific stations. Adding to earlier press stories, the authorities of these Argentine and Chilean claims detail further that these strange aerial objects were photographed over a period of many months at several of their Antarctic stations.

Daniel Perisse, C.O., confirmed by radio in the Antarctic, U that these large (50-70 feet in diameter) UFO sighted by many observers through binoculars. The unknown object caused strong interference with their scientific instruments to such an extent that all ordinary photography had to be terminated in the area. Other pictures were taken through a theodolite by a member of a visiting group from the Chilean Antarctic expedition. The Chilean Minister of Defense at Santiago added new information relayed by CAR. Mario Juan Barrera, C.O. of the Chilean Navy. On July 15-18, they had encountered a group of five bright, shiny lens-shaped objects which were watched for a considerable time by all air. During this July 15 sighting, the strange objects had caused strong radio interference, temporarily blacking out their attempts to report the UFO to nearby stations.

Two bright disk-shaped objects which were photographed over Buenos Aires on the night of July 16 were seen by many witnesses. A glowing UFO photographed near Sherman, Texas, August 2, 1964, was acknowledged by a newspaper photographer as having been the UFO. (This film supports the Air Force explanation of the Cisco Grove, Aug. 6, 1964 case seen over Texas.)

Last May, air-to-ground pictures, taken by highway accident investigator near Santa Ana on August 3 in Orange County, California, were given to the NICAP. A similar air-to-air picture, taken by Arjan Adema, winner of the 1963-64 Menchenhaus award, was presented by the Inter-American Photographic Society recently in Buenos Aires, Argentina. It shows an unidentified object high in the sky over Chili, and photographed by a news photographer of the Santiago Mercurio.