The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs). The document appears to be related to an incident that occurred at Edwards Air Force Base, California on October 8, 1965.

The document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a written report or narrative describing the incident.

OCR output:

Regarding the aircraft. Passes were made through the area at 15,000, 19,000 and 20,000 ft. The only thing out of the ordinary observed was a reflection of some kind that looked like a flashing light. The observers could not determine the exact nature of the object or the source of the reflections. He felt that these were reflections from something other than the aircraft.

During the period of the sightings, there was no air traffic nor were there balloon releases that might have been mistaken for the objects.

COMMENTS:

It was approximately 10:00p.m. (2300 EDT) when I arrived at Edwards base Operations. The activity level had subsided by what they said was the departure of 15 aircraft. They were all going to different airfields and were not involved with any special exercises or flights. The observers could not provide any additional details that I may add flashing lights. The objects looked like reflections but did not seem to flicker. I certainly saw no distinct intermittent lights as described. The shape of the objects observed was not clear, and there was no additional information as to what they had seen earlier.

There are two portions of the taped conversation which necessitate elaborate expansion. The first is three comments made directly in the body of the report. These specifically state that nothing more was seen or heard from the objects after the period under discussion, and that they appeared only briefly during that time. No visual or instrument contact was made with the objects, and the observation was only visual.

The second portion deals with an oral clarification made by the same individual who provided the initial report. In this he stated that, although this was the only Balloon release during the period involved, it may be a significant clue, since Balloon releases are not commonly observed overhead at such airfields and at that time of night. More detailed investigation of Balloon releases in the area would be indicated.