Mr. Walter Webb                          -2-                          8 January 1965


The flight path of the three sightings appeared to be fixed inasmuch as the third sighting was through the top of the car windshield at which point the car appeared to be "almost underneath" the flight path.

Both agree that two cars passed them in the opposite direction within a couple of minutes of the sightings. Col. Edward Fecalis having followed a car ahead of him for some distance, and noted that this car eventually left Route 12 in the town of Randolph. This car contained four men but as of writing no other reports of sightings have been received. It might be possible to locate these men in Randolph if, as it appears, they were en-route to work in a local mill.

In the event you wish to make further contact, the addresses of the observers is:
                    Dr. Richard S. Woodruff, State Psychologist
                    University of Vermont, Burlington, Vermont
                    
                    Cpl. Ronald Woodward, Assistant Superintendent
                    Vermont State Police Annex
                    Bailey Avenue Extension
                    Montpelier, Vermont

The only explanation occurring to me is the possibility of an Air Force tanker and refueling operation which may have been in progress, but this does not explain the rapid flight of the glowing object. During such refueling, the tankers on clear nights are lighted internally for easy identification. These operations usually originate from the Portsmouth, New York, Air Force Base. I have not checked as to whether a refueling operation might have occurred in the area at that time.

                                                Very truly yours,

                                                [handwritten signature]
                                                
                                                Commissioner

ERM/ach
Enc.
cc:   Richard Hall
      Dr. R. Woodruff
      Cpl. Woodward