There is no photograph present in the image. The image contains text from an advisory panel meeting on the scientific use of balloons held on 15 November 1965. The text covers the agenda for the meeting, including minutes of the previous meeting, actions on prior panel recommendations, the annual report, a review of facility activity, ballooning requirements, and azimuth stabilization and startracker requirements.

ADVISORY PANEL ON THE SCIENTIFIC USE OF BALLOONS
MEETING -- 15 NOVEMBER 1965

AGENDA

1. Minutes of the meeting of 16-17 September 1964. 
A copy of the minutes of the meeting of 16-17 September 1964 is enclosed. Appendix A. Acceptance of the minutes with any necessary corrections is requested.

2. Actions on prior Panel recommendations -- Alvin L. Morris 
A summary of prior Panel recommendations and the action taken on each will be given orally at the meeting. This is to be given principally for information but the Panel is invited to offer comments.

3. Annual Report -- Alvin L. Morris
A copy of the Annual Report is enclosed, Appendix B and forward to the Director of NCAR with Panel comments and criticisms.

4. Review of Facility activity in the current calendar year -- Alvin L. Morris
A resume of the activity of the Facility during the current fiscal year will be given orally to bring the Panel up-to-date. Key staff members will be available to answer questions, and Panel comments are invited.

5. Ballooning requirements -- Thomas W. Bilhorn
Requirements for scientific ballooning appear to be changing. The Panel is asked to review the evidence of this change, to be presented orally by Mr. Bilhorn, and to comment on our interpretation of the evidence. The future course will be determined by Panel discussion and the results stated and implied requirements; therefore it is important that our interpretation be well founded and intelligent.

6. Azimuth stabilization and startracker requirements -- Jack M. Angvine
Several users or potential users of NCAR ballooning services are mentioned.