The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing a specialized type of paper with unique properties.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
United States Air Force

produce papers of very special properties. Some of these were imported into this country for use in lens paper and stencil tissue.

It would be difficult to identify these fibers more specifically. We could perhaps attempt to determine their identification somewhat by a microscopic examination. But we would be reluctant to undertake this unless it would be worthwhile from your standpoint. The information you could be made but we do not believe they would serve any useful purpose.

The above comments imply that there is no reason to believe that this product came from outer space. We know you are also interested in determining its possible origin and technical specifications. This product is apparently related to this specialized segment of the paper industry. The sample submitted corresponds to the files we have in the Institute of Paper Chemistry, Appleton, Wisconsin. The sample is similar to some grades of lens paper (see sample of Eastman Kodak lens paper attached) and is used for stencil preparation. Because of its uniform, non-directional formation, we suspect that the sample is a synthetic, man-made product (perhaps rayon). Classifying this sample as of their own manufacture of other sources would require more basic research.

If you contact the following companies:

John A. Manning Paper Co., Inc., P. O. Box 328, Troy, New York
C. H. Dexter & Sons, Inc., 100 Canal St., Windsor Locks, Conn.
(G. F. Knight)
Crocker-Fiske Co., Middletown, Ohio

The following companies produce similar papers and might produce this grade: 
additional information might be obtained from the companies listed:

Easton-Dikeman Co., Mt. Holly Springs, Pennsylvania 
(E. P. Olmstead)
Eastman per Operations Packaging Div., Olin Industries, 
Eastman Forest, Kingsport, Tenn.
Peter J. Schweitzer Division of Kimberly-Clark Corporation,
Schoolhouse Ave., Old Tarrytown, New York
Stevens Paper Mills, Inc., Holyoke, Mass.