The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

3. Motion: One girl couldn't describe motion while one (Miss Williams, see report) decided the object moved toward the moon and disappeared.
4. Observation: Neither girl could say either when they became aware of noise, or why the noise was identified as emanating from the object. Verbal reports varied between a jet at great height and a fly caught in a window.
5. Description: The girls stated the object appeared to be one bright light and the moon was above it and to the right of the object. One girl froze the moon above and to the right of the object. (See report)
B. Related Information
1. The father of Miss Guest informed me that although a confirmed non-believer of himself, he was sure that his daughter had seen something, and was definitely "slightly upset" by the experience.
2. As the experience tended to elimiate supernatural bodies, I have taken the only probable "phenomenon", and reduced its position relative to the moon and planets to the position at the time and date of the observation. I used Boston as an approximate locale, since I know the latitude and longitude, and the variance between Boston and Raynham is minor.
Azimuth Apparent Position: 11/13/65 11:30 P.M.
Moon Ascension 6 hr. 43 min.
Declination 0° 29' 03" min.
Jupiter Ascension 6 hr. 02 min.
Declination -8° 19' 
Reduction to local meridian places the moon approximately 45° above the Eastern horizon, and Jupiter approximately to the right and slightly above the moon.
Conclusion: Allowing for the variances noted above regarding size, position, motion, etc. and taking the father's statement into consideration, I have concluded that the girls did in fact see an unknown object, and that it was probably the planet Jupiter.
A combination of the lateness of the hour, the remote and unfamiliar location, lack of knowledge of astronomical phenomena coupled with the recent exposure and contents of the Hill case could trigger the imagination to this extent.

Jd j. O'Neal
Massachusetts Investigating Subcommittee