This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NO CASE.
SOURCE: 

"Spokesman for the C.S.I.R. to comment that it appears could not have been propelled by con- trolled agencies. 
"Long after the object had vanished the far on the horizon, the flames kept burning. The flames kept to a short distance above the surface of the earth and resembled a child's toy top and a farm wagon, which was continuously associated with flying saucers. I have thoroughly investigated the case, but cannot find any reasonable explanation to account for what was seen and observed, but after this I shall be the first to admit that such things are real. The object left no trace and there was no sign of heat. They saw no sign of life, however, nor was there any sound." 

"The constables state emphatically that the object was silent and without motion. They say it was distinctly visible in the light. They say that when daylight appeared, the "strange machine" had disappeared without a trace. They saw no smoke or flame.

"The people of Corpus Christi are greatly puzzled by this latest incident, which they say is clearly unusual. It does not indicate that something unusual has happened and that the rumors of unidentified flying objects stirring alarms and causing commotion as to be expected as the flames had died out shortly after the object had disappeared and the sky was clear." 

Both constables stated emphatically that the object was "buckled." Both constables stated emphatically that the machine came to rest in the field and they saw no signs of it having taken off. 

In a patch where the flames coming from the object were clearly visible, they found no trace of burning, and the surface was badly scorched. A large black patch, perhaps 6 ft. in diameter, was left on the ground. There were no indications of any landing gear or landing gear marks, no disturbance of the ground inside the white line in the middle of the patch.

In the patch where the flames coming from the object were clearly visible, they found no trace of burning, and the surface was badly scorched. A large black patch, perhaps 6 ft. in diameter, was left on the ground.

There were no indications of any landing gear or landing gear marks, no disturbance of the ground inside the white line in the middle of the patch.

At the scene of the incident, the constables and the Fire Depart-ment, spent over 2 hours searching the area. They found nothing, no trace, no evidence whatsoever.

The report states that the Police Department, including the Sheriff's Office, have had numerous reports of "Flying Saucers" in that general vicinity over a period of several years, but this was the first time an actual landing had been reported and confirmed by the authorities.