This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in reporting an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses to give answers to 3a, do not complete report.

2. Complete information sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.

3. a. Name: [redacted]
b. Phone: [redacted]
c. Address: [redacted]
d. Size (compare to dime, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger item): 5 service/supply units - 5 1/3x5m Number of objects: 5
e. Formation, if more than one: formation of object 2.10
f. Duration of sighting: 10-15 minutes
g. Unusual color of objects: white
h. Was there a tail, vapor trail, or exhaust? Yes
i. What called attention to the observation: witness saw thing
j. What angle and elevation was the object on first observation: over 40 degrees elevation 
l. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared: over 40 degrees elevation
m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and speed: to north 50-60 mph
n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to directions, etc.): object descended, disappeared behind trees
o. Was the object visible more than once (describe): visible for entire 10-15 minutes
p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescopes, binoculars, etc.): naked eye
q. Time and date of sighting: 8:30 pm, 7-26-65
r. Light conditions (day, dusk, dark, etc.): dark
s. Geographical position of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, direction etc.): north of Houston, south of Pasadena
t. Weather (clear day, hazy, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.): partly cloudy
u. Temperature of day (80°, 90°, etc.): around 80°
v. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above: none

7. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observance of the object.