The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report with a form filled out by a witness.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The object did not disappear, it appeard to shrink.
15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? Yes
16. Did the object move in front of something or any time, particularly a cloud? No
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - The sound was a slight hissing sound, b. Color - The object was grey
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? The object would have covered about 1/4 to 1/3 the length of the match head.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protruding parts, etc., and particularly where the object was in relation to the drawing to show the direction it was moving.

Transcribed text:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It appeared to shrink. 
15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - The sound was a slight hissing sound, b. Color - The object was grey.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About 1/4 to 1/3 the length of the match head.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protruding parts, etc., and particularly where the object was in relation to the drawing to show the direction it was moving. [A sketch of an oblong/lozenge-shaped object is provided.]