The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

Page 4

15 to 18 in diameter, maybe four to five inches thick. The object was metallic, and giving off a bright or glow in the middle. It had a dim spot on it and it might have been a wing or something.

The thing went across the sky. It came from the south and moved fast, going to the northeast. "Those things are bound to be alarmed just like we are, and they have got some intelligence in the way they maneuver." 

During the first week of August, 1954, a resident of Redlands, West Australia, reported Cows being frightened by a bright object low in the sky. It flew silently and gave off a glow like the moon. The object dived sharply, then climbed rapidly out of sight near Carnarvon when a flying object passed over their headlights and brakes. Mr. Kubo saw the object again over Carnarvon that same night.

"It was rocking gently," Dr. Kubo said later. "And again, I call it rocking, because I am trying to describe the motion as nearly as I can."

By Koula said she was thrown from the back seat, bucked up. She passed out for a few minutes, she said, and when she came to, the object had gone.

Dr. Kubo said the evidence was that those who had the encounter did not feel the object had been man-made. For, after the UFO had left the scene, their car would not start up right away. They say that their whole car was "lit up like a Christmas tree," and that the car radio wits "absolutely no good." The car was a modern one and in perfect working order,

But Dr. Kubo claimed he could not be sure of. Just what it was. There were too many unanswered questions. "If, he said, "this was a real UFO, then there is enough more evidence to prove their existence. But the questions are still there, and there is not enough to say positively what it was."

The recent NICAP poll (still being analyzed) shows that 95% of the members of the public who have seen UFOS feel that the objects are not of this world. They don't believe they are any kind of planes or satellites or anything like that. The poll also shows that most people will be alarmed by sudden close encounters with UFOS.

Most of us will agree that fear of the unknown is far worse than fear of the known. If it is recognized that there are different kinds of UFOS, and those that are non-hostile, the most stupid policy one could devise, would be to increase fear, rather than to increase knowledge.

These incredible machines and landings will keep happening around the country, or maneuvers at low altitudes over a number of cities. People would be alarmed. Millions of people would be observing, and they are bound to spread the news. They have got to be given some assurance that the authorities are doing everything possible to find out what's going on, and prepare people, as calmly as possible, for further landings and close observations, before some incident causes a national catastrophe.

Members' opinions and suggestions for solving this problem will be very much appreciated.