The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned page from a document that describes a "Flying Saucer From Mars Discovered" and provides details about the investigation and characteristics of the object, such as its size, speed, and ability to hover.

Text from the document:

President. Philosophy Instructor, University of Pittsburgh, Bradford Campus. Three years physics training at MIT.
in Philosophy, NIAAA staff member during summer of 1966. published account of Fayette County (April 17, 1966) UFO/police "chase"; has given 120 talks.
Opthalmic Technician with Drs. Linn, Linn etc. and Sharrer. Former MP with U.S. Marine Corps. Made pictures of buried retina of UFO victims, who suffered eye damage. Expects more Institute people who are ready to handle on-going UFO sightings reported to energetic service (telephone number 391-2766).
FLYING SAUCER FROM MARS DISCOVERED
An on-the-spot Institute Investigation recently verified the existence of a "Flying Saucer From Mars," which has accounted for many UFO sightings in the Pittsburgh area. The object is a Citabria Champion advertising plane flown by Fred Eller, Connellsville Airport, and bears the above quoted inscription with the qualification "may" in small letters after "Mars." Mr. Eller owns AAA Sky Ads, Inc.
The wingspan of the Citabria ("airbadie" spelled backwards) is 36-1/2 feet. It usually flies at an altitude of about 1,000 feet, around 70 mph, and can stay aloft over five hours. Mounted below the wings is a framework of struts to which are soldered 7 rows of 36 GM-1 bulbs, the size of a flashlight bulb. A heavy tape with holes punched in it is laid out in a certain sequence across the bulbs, to shield light up in a certain sequence, to make the passage move across the lights. An air siren mounted below the plane is sometimes used to attract attention.
In a strong heading, at an airspeed of 30 mph, the Citabria can appear to be standing still. Seen on edge, its lights, moving from one side to another, can give the appearance of a flickering object with a row of lights around the rim. The engine of the plane is inaudible at a distance from which the moving lights can be easily seen; thus, many people report seeing a silent, disc-shaped object with rotating rim-covered lights. When the plane is flying directly toward or away from the observer, especially in a misty atmosphere, its appearance can be quite eerie. It can, as several reports have stated, definitely not resemble any conventional aircraft.