The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing an observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) that occurred in Tinley Park, Illinois on August 4, 1965.

TINLEY PARK, ILLINOIS
4 AUGUST 1965

The observers were viewing the stars through a telescope when the object came into view shortly after midnight. According to the observers, all of a sudden the object appeared to move like a lightning bug would, and moved southwest at an angular rate of 2-4 degrees per second. Its color was white, like a star, for the major portion of its journey, turning to a faint red after approximately 10 seconds. The object disappeared suddenly after approximately 16-17 seconds total duration. According to one witness the object turned south (according to his report) and north (according to his drawing). At first, one observer stated that the object turned 45 degrees, but he later changed his estimate to 10 degrees. The other observer did not mention any turns other than a slight zig-zag motion. No sound was heard and no trail or exhaust was observed.

One possibility is that of an airplane suddenly turning on its landing lights. This would be the wrong direction for O'Hare International, but it might have been in the landing pattern. However, if this was the case, why should it suddenly change color to red and then go so very shortly after.

The possibility of a satellite is ruled out because the direction of flight is opposite that of a satellite. The duration is a little long for a meteor. However, by according to the angular rate, what we see there still is the possibility that it could have been a meteor and that the observer overestimated the time; however, no trail was reported.

There is no indication or evidence that this sighting was an extraterrestrial vehicle or that it posed a threat to our national security. The case is carried as unidentified since it is not presently explainable in terms of a meteor, or any other plausible explanation.