There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document that appears to be a report or summary of an incident related to the Air Force Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text in the document:

TANGENT, OREGON
December 22, 1965
Summary of the Air Force
Office of Information
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

Six miles west of Tangent, Oregon. About 2 thousand people live in Tangent, most of these people were out of their homes for some reason, why I don't know, and what I saw, I would call a saucer of some kind. It hovered about 150 feet off the ground, the object was round and silver in color. It seemed to be about 30 feet in diameter. It was not making any noise and I could see no protrusions of any kind. The object hovered for several minutes and then suddenly disappeared.

I notified a very unusual and clear report the object which I saw, in the story, similar to the red glare which for some time now has been observed upon our farm and neighbors the home. On this evening, however, the red glare was more distinctive to those who witnessed it. When the saucer or object suddenly disappeared, the red glare had also ended.

While it, I was absolutely convinced to see a half-circular, bright, silver-like object. This vision was clear and distinct. At the same time, a girl friend who was with me at the time also witnessed the object. She was as astounded as I was at the unusual sight. Frankly, I do not know if her name or not the name of Cora, a girl who claims to be seventeen years old and who may have been a relative of mine. However, this young girl, from what I understand, had also witnessed the object. I have made no effort to interview her or to obtain any further information concerning her observation. Perhaps she did not see the object as clearly or as distinctly as we did.

Believe it or not, this is the facts as I know them. Apparently the object appeared in several places around the house and then suddenly it disappeared. No one else had apparently seen it at the time it was visible to us. I am willing to discuss this further with you, but I do not know what this was. If you do not know, I shall be happy to hear from you. For this is what I saw, and this is the honest truth.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]