The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire or survey format.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No ? Rapid speed, as compared to known objects
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outside d. At sea e. Other ______
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 21.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. Southeast f. Southwest g. West 24.2 Approximately how many miles per hour? 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle One) a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other _____
26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed. A series of objects which merged into a disc-shaped object

The text from the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO ? Rapid speed, as compared to known objects
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outside d. At sea e. Other ______
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 21.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. Southeast f. Southwest g. West 24.2 Approximately how many miles per hour? 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle One) a. Eyeglasses YES NO b. Sun glasses YES NO c. Windshield YES NO d. Window glass YES NO e. Binoculars YES NO f. Telescope YES NO g. Theodolite YES NO h. Other _____
26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed. A series of objects which merged into a disc-shaped object