The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

Here is the text from the document:

LANDING...
(Continued from page 3)
alphabet) used on the first page, only the letters D.B.C. and B were mentioned in the three lines of this paragraph. Therefore, we have two letters too many for the missing 7 letters on the alphabet.

One small paragraph in the AF's statement at the bottom of the second sheet states: "The analysis and descripton of the second sheet, with the case break-on is 16 of the 32 letters of the alphabet, and the analysis of the first sheet was comparatively easy and inexpensive to obtain - the mystery of the second sheet seems to be the case."

In the April 1962 issue of the "APRO" bulletin under two, under the heading, "Reeves Story", it states that Dr. MENZEL of the Blue Book Committee recommended that the investigators, We had been assured by phone, that outside of film and STAK, no films had been produced by the investigators, We now wonder why any UFO investigator would stand idly by and let certain evidence such as the film, be taken out of his hands.

The investigator also states that the "Planet Mars, where are you?" and the "Planet Planet Mars Speaks" incidents both dated in May 1959, are "long away too long". This is the interest of secrecy.

Here remains an abstract point: There is a strange breakdown in the English of the wording of this paragraph - no one present, or conversant with the English language could write so. It would seem now clear that this paper was not written by Reeves. There may be others who will recognize the same which Reeves gave them.

Although all these facts cannot establish the theory one way or the other, that the whole incident is a hoax. If the Reeves had been really puzzled and excited as in the hoax, however, would have had to have a very intimate knowledge of the case in order to have produced the circumstantial evidence so closely following the pattern.

The whole incident was real and the most important evidence - the paper.

The above script on "strange paper" was allegedly dropped by "space man" in Brooksville, Florida.

"Four following tests were conducted specifically on the main fragment of questioned document:

1. TYPE - Typewritten
RESULTS: In my opinion, the typewriting appears to be of the period and is not of a recent origin."
2. PAPER - Ordinary writing paper of the period.
RESULTS: The paper is genuine and of the period.
3. INK - Carbon ribbon typewriter ink.
RESULTS: The ink is of the period.
4. IMPRESSION - There is a distinct impression of the typing on the reverse side of the paper. 
CONCLUSION: It is therefore my opinion, that this document appears to be authentic and was prepared at or about the time of the experience to which it refers. I was quite impressed with the overall care which appears to have been exercised with regard to the experience, and the apparent sincerity of all concerned."