The image contains a newspaper clipping with a headline that reads "U.S. to Equip Korean Unity in Troop Deal". The article discusses a deal between the U.S. and South Korea to equip Korean troops. There is no photograph visible in this image.

The text of the document is as follows:

THE SENTINEL, Harrisburg, Pa., Friday, August 6, 1965

U.S. to Equip Korean Unity in Troop Deal
MOSCOW (AP) - The Soviet Union demanded Sunday that the United States withdraw all its troops from Vietnam.
The demand was made in a statement issued by the official Soviet news agency Tass. It said the U.S. troop buildup in Vietnam was a violation of the 1954 Geneva accords on Vietnam and constituted "aggression against the Vietnamese people."
The statement said the U.S. action in Vietnam was designed "to prolong the war and to increase the sufferings of the Vietnamese people." It warned that the Soviet Union would support the Vietnamese people's fight against "imperialist aggression."
The troop increase was in response to Hanoi's refusal to curb its support of the South Vietnamese Communist-led guerrillas, the Tass statement said.
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Pentagon announced Friday the United States and South Korea have reached agreement for the U.S. to equip more South Korean troops to fight in Vietnam.
The announcement said Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara and South Korean Defense Minister Kim Sung-eun reached the agreement after a meeting Friday.
The U.S. will provide the necessary weapons, equipment and other support to enable South Korea to send additional combat-ready units to Vietnam, the announcement said.
So far, South Korea has sent about 30,000 troops to Vietnam. The new units to be equipped would increase the South Korean force there.
The announcement said the U.S. decision to help equip more Korean troops was in response to a request from the Republic of Korea, reflecting the close unity with all free world allies in the struggle against Communist aggression.
The additional units South Korea sends to Vietnam will help bring the total U.S. and allied forces up to about 500,000 men, the announcement said.