There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document from the Project Blue Book archives, dated October 14, 1965, addressed to the "Chief, Office of Investigation, Department of the Air Force, The Pentagon, Washington 25, D.C." The text describes a visual observation of an unusual phenomenon in the sky over Huntsville, Alabama.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
October 14, 1965
Chief, Office of Investigation, Department of the Air Force,
The Pentagon, Washington 25, D.C.
Dear Sir:
A recent experience of mine produced a phenomenon of vision that seemed quite unusual, and I am writing you to make you aware of what, to me, at least, is a new facet of visual observation.
On the night of September 21, 1965, I was experiencing a particularly clear day here in Huntsville. The sky was cloudless and of a particularly intense blue. Suddenly, while studying the sky, I observed a visual phenomenon of definite characteristics. The inevitable trace of haze between my home and Monte Sano, several miles away.
I trained in the antiaircraft artillery before and during World War II, and became addicted to visually fixing on any "flying object" such as we have some traffic in the air here, and what I assume to be "the Redstone Arsenal airships," sometimes daily. We all have the experience of aircraft engines seeming to produce craft-like forms in the clear sky, especially as the sun reflects off their metallic surfaces.
Also, I have had continuing interests in optics and acoustics, and think of these attempts for a quick fix and identification as problems in these fields.
On this time mentioned, the sky was of a high-doming jet-calm into being at about forty-five degrees elevation, due south. I attempted to sense some changing in relative motion, look shaped at the pile-up in haze visually. This often falls with jets which seem brighter than they can be seen, here.
The significant thing is, that I did indeed see, visually on a moving point that had rather extraordinary characteristics. I saw what is best described as smiling down and reascension, moving straight with the identical limits similar to that of an illuminated object. It came from a low-white light, rather than as an illuminated object. It seemed to cross from about ten degrees below the zenith due North of here within five to ten seconds. There was no sound, but the apparition altitude and the seemingly high speed seemed normal. At that distance, no sound could be heard.
Ajax missiles, white at White Sands Proving Ground, and have some fair resemblance to the signal of high flying aircraft. I would say this event led the appearance and direction of its sound by something like forty degrees or more.
Sincerely yours,