The image contains two photographs. The first photograph shows two unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the sky. The objects are described as "FLYING SAUCERS SEEN OVER CITY" and it states that they were spotted yesterday over the River Plate in Argentina and Uruguay.

The second photograph appears to show a fireball or flare over Michigan.

The image also contains a newspaper article titled "Mystery Flying Objects Reported" which discusses reports of unusual objects in the sky from Argentina and Chile.

OCR output:
STRANGE OBJECTS IN SKY
Mystery Flying
Objects Reported

BUENOS AIRES (UPI) - An early type of unidentified flying objects were sighted in the sky over the River Plate here and again in neighboring Uruguay, an Argentine navy spokesman said today.

The observations were in line with a number of similar sightings over the past week in various parts of South America.

The Argentine navy spokesman said the objects were observed last night and early this morning "coming and going from various directions across the river." He said they were described as bright, cigar-shaped objects which seemed to have a small, reddish tail.

The objects were observed from both the Argentine and Uruguayan sides of the River Plate, he stated. They were reported to be traveling at "tremendous speed" at an estimated height of 3,000 feet. The deputy commander of the Argentine navy's Rio de la Plata command said the observations were being investigated.

FLYING SAUCERS
SEEN OVER CITY
(...) reported yesterday over the River Plate, Argentina and Uruguay.

CHILEAN REPORT, TOO 
Argentines See Queer
Flying Objects in Sky

BUENOS AIRES (UPI) - A number of unidentified flying objects have now been observed in the skies over Buenos Aires and elsewhere in Argentina, and also in Chile, it was reported here today.

The latest sightings, according to accounts reaching here, occurred over the last few days. 

The objects were described as flying at high speed and apparently controlled, and sometimes appearing as a heavy dazzling light.

Officials said that the observations were being carefully studied to try to determine the nature and origin of the flying objects. However, it was admitted that no satisfactory explanation had yet been found.

One unconfirmed report said that the objects were observed to change direction suddenly and with great speed, an action which caused difficulty in tracking them with instruments.

Scientific circles here appeared to be puzzled by the numerous reports of similar unidentified flying objects coming in from various parts of the country as well as from Chile.

The sightings, they stated, seemed to be increasing, though they continued to lack a satisfactory explanation. (...) similar to that of a jet airplane, but much faster.

Fireball Flares
Over Michigan