The image appears to contain a sketch or illustration depicting a close encounter with a purported UFO. The sketch shows a figure that appears to be a human, along with some sort of hovering or flying object. The text below the sketch seems to be handwritten notes or observations regarding the incident.

FLORIDA LANDING CALLED HOAX BY AIR FORCE; A well-publicized
landing near Brooksville, Florida, last March 2nd, is apparently a hoax
according to investigators. The reports were investigated in
detail by Reeves, and evidence collected seemed to prove that the
entire incident was staged- an additional investigation.

The landing was investigated thoroughly by Reeves, Who
claims to have witnessed the entire incident. The incident occurred
when Reeves first spotted it. He had worked his way to within 100 feet of the object when a considerable landing gear structure descending to the ground. The object was less than 15 feet away.
Reeves said that the object was an aluminum shell, approximatly 20 feet in diameter, and appeared to have a dark tan flesh. He
had spotted another crafts structure a short distance away, and
pointed at their direction, standing silently staring at Reeves for awhile, and then appeared to go inside the object. After a short period, the craft took off rapidly and was out of sight in a few seconds.
The creature stared silently starting at Reeves for awhile, and then appeared to go inside the object. A few seconds later, just after the camera flashed a second time, the craft rose rapidly with a whining sound, to an estinated 70-80 feet, hovered momentarily, and then shot out of sight in a few seconds. According to Reeves account, The apparatus, some blades on the top, and also a structure at the bottom, looked like landing gear, according to Reeves, although this may have been some othermechanism, was observed as the craft rose. It was stated that the spaceman headed back toward his craft, he had dropped two small objects or samples which Reeves picked up. These were eventually given to the Air Force for analysis, although nothing was said or unusual about the papers, and some mysterious writing thereon was reportedly examined but nothing verified.

The Air Force also stated that various flaws were found in Reeves' story, and the whole incident was considered extremely doubtful, and was supposedly caused by the intentional actions of the witness to have been staged as a hoax, as the type of landing gear- appeared to have been designed, and fabricated especially for the demonstration, and then carried to the site and then recovered when the 'performance' was over.