The image contains a photograph of what appears to be an aerial view or map. The photograph is not very clear, but it seems to depict some landmarks or terrain. There is no further description or identification of any individuals in the image.

The extracted text from the document is as follows:

Air Intelligence Staff's Plagued by 'Objects' for 20 Years

She was picked up by ambulance
at Norman, Okla. from Presbyterian Hospital. She had witnessed the crash and had noticed 2 craft hovering overhead at 10:00 p.m.

We conducted a personal interview with the witness (M) at 1:15 p.m. on Monday, August 9, 1965. (M) stated that she first observed 2 peculiar aircraft hovering over the site about 10:00 p.m. on Sunday evening, August 8, 1965. Shortly thereafter, she heard a loud explosion and saw flames coming from the ground. She immediately called the Sheriff's Office and local civil defense authorities.

An Oklahoma City Television Crew arrived on the scene shortly afterwards and began taking pictures and filming the crash area. They too, observed the 2 overhead craft. (M) stated that when the ambulance arrived to remove the injured, she noticed the 2 craft suddenly accelerate skywards at a very high rate of speed. The colors of the craft were green, or blue-green, the colors were alternated and were arranged in a distinct pattern.

(M) further stated that the object overhead appeared to be about 30 to 40 feet in diameter, and the other a bit smaller. No engine noises were heard from either craft, and they appeared to be completely silent in their operation. Also, (M) stated that the overhead craft were equipped with a red flashing light, blinking on and off at a rather fast rate. This was the only external lighting observed on the craft.

After the ambulance had left the scene, (M) went over the area and located two small pieces of the wreckage. She collected these and turned them over to the Sheriff's Office. These were in turn given to me for further examination. To date, the analysis of these samples has proved inconclusive.

The investigation is continuing, and any further information on this incident will be forwarded.