There appears to be no photograph present in this image. The image contains text from an old Project Blue Book report.

22 Jul 65 - Approximately 2230 hours this date, many calls were received at various police departments and the local civil defense headquarters, several being directed to the nearby Greater Pittsburgh Airport. The caller described bright lights seen over the area. The Allegheny Observatory and Buhl Planetarium were also contacted as the caller described that the objects sighted were over their general vicinity.

25 Jul 65 - Several reports received from residents of the Pittsburgh area, concerning observations of various directions.

27 Jul 65 - Several reports received from local "witnesses" stating objects appearing triangular or diamond shaped were observed. Most reports indicated these objects were silently hovering and in some cases also reports of cigar shaped objects were reported this date.

1 Aug 65 - Several reports received. Silver spheres object sighted, four could not be identified of size approximately 2 to 3 feet in diameter.

3 Aug 65 - Report received of high pitched whine heard 0335 hours. However, individual saw nothing.

4 Aug 65 - Report received of red haze in the sky 2300 hours. Object sighted reported hovering slowly, no sound was heard, and various directions.

7 Aug 65 - Report received, red object sighted hovering as it traveled. Object brighter in the center, moving as a fast pace of speed.

11 Aug 65 - One individual claimed to have sighted bright orange object moving at a fast rate of speed, made a whistling sound, came down low and flew over tree tops. Also a separate report of circular shaped object which hovered and then accelerated and took off out of sight rapidly.

SUMMARY: The inspecting officer has observed nothing to date. All reports received continue to be of questionable nature, lacking physical evidence and positive factors. Reliability recently given UFO's we feel has diminished. Telephone reports and actual sightings claim duration over a few seconds, other factors which are clouded by the excitement of the moment have been unsuccessful in proving the credibility of UFO activity in this area. This lack has been consistent with reports across the nation. No tangible evidence to substantiate sightings or observations has been received. Names, addresses and phone numbers of observers are obtained enabling follow up by the Air Force, however, installations in the area, Allegheny Observatory, Buhl Planetarium and others contacted do not contain this information.