The image does not contain any photographs. It is a document page with text. As an OCR system, I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

As to the question of our observations' credibility, I submit these facts:
1. For the past 16 years, we have known, seen, and photographed, unmistakably, unidentified aerial objects which we call "flying saucers."
2. The so-called flying saucers have been observed and reported by military and naval personnel, aeronautical engineers, pilots and astronomers, and many other reliable observers.
3. These objects have been observed in day and night hours, under excellent visual conditions, and have been tracked by radar.
4. We have seen airplanes and helicopters at night. This object was neither. 
The second sighting took place three days later and was confirmed by six others.
At 9:45 p.m. C.D.S.T., the six of us saw an unusually bright, fast-moving object in the south-southwest. It would travel at a terrific speed and then hover motionless. It would then suddenly dart off at a tremendous speed.
We were fortunate enough to see this object through our binoculars. A paper enclosed. The still photograph was actually observed with an Airview camera for about four or five minutes.
This, in my opinion, is good evidence as to whether this was a natural phenomenon or an artificial device under intelligent control. In the latter case, it would be a violation of the so-called Air Force regulation that prohibits members of the Air Force from making any statements on this subject, or it could be an inadvertent oversight on their part.
The other three members of the party are also very capable observers, and could observe and describe this phenomenon better than I. 
This is over 15 years of sightings. He has seen all the objects as described in the sighting. He states that in his opinion, what he saw was not doing anything that could be considered dangerous or alarming - there was no other activity around the sight, and no attempts to approach or interfere with the object. He either did not report it or was told not to let it go beyond the group.
I would now like to show the differences between what I have observed and the difference between this and an Unusual brightness. They both showed. Characteristic maneuvers were reported. There is to be an understandable explanation, I would like to know what it is. The illumination was quite bright enough to disturb the night vision. It would hover, then dart off at incredible speed, leaving a trail, then stop and hover again. This went on for a while. Clear visibility over the entire sighting.