The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report describing the sighting of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) near Laredo, Texas on September 9, 1965.

Transcription of the text in the document:

LAREDO, TEXAS
September 9, 1965.

From 6:17 PM to 4:32 AM on this date, a total of 7 objects, 4 or 5 of which seemed to be hovering and then moving off in various directions, were observed by our investigators and our maid, all with us. The objects had been out and she and our maid saw them all with us. 

No sound whatsoever was heard by any of us , and I specifically noted that the objects did not make the slightest hissing, roaring or other sound. 

These objects were apparently shaped like an elongated diamond, with amber colored lights on the right and blue on the left. At a long distance they seemed to be hovering and then having climbed to the roof of my house, they seemed to move almost horizontally for about a mile and then suddenly, in about three seconds, they disappeared at a terrific speed, with every brilliant pulsation. In other words, there was about a 1/2 second interval between the minor red pulsations.

The objects seemed to be performing maneuvers, apparently with every facility, since they could take any course at their will. 

Four of the objects came from the North-about 20 degrees-and just hovered for a few seconds and then appeared to move for a considerable distance before descending, again just hovering, and then taking off rapidly to the South.

One of the objects seemed to be sighted only with amber lights and the other had a combination of amber and blue lights. This object was sighted longest and appeared to maneuver, moving rapidly from the South.

#2 Altitude seemed to be very different for all of these objects, from #2 and #3 came overhead over very long distances, and as before they seemed in formation. But their individual altitudes seemed very different, so much so, that one wondered what it was, since the object was banking, hovering and maneuvering, and it was not a conventional aircraft but obviously a self-propelled craft since it acted like a ball of light,moving across the sky.

Observations: The most interesting item is that the lights on this sighting do not seem like polarized light, on an ordinary aircraft. They seem more like polarized light, and their behavior of violently pulsating, diminishing and reappearing, would indicate that there is something perhaps unusual or odd about these lights themselves. Personally, I have seen many types of aircraft illght but I have never seen anything like this, and my home is about 14 miles South of the Laredo AFB, so I have seen many types of aircraft in the vicinity of my home.

Report #3.