The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page of text from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Superconductor, Nb3Sn, many useful coils have been wound. These operate basically, utilizing the effect that, at sufficiently low temperatures and below a critical value of applied magnetic field, high-field superconductors have essentially small dc electrical current densities. (-10^3 A cm-2). Though the application of this effect has been far less direct than this simple statement would imply, the physics of high-field superconductors is now essentially understood, at least in phenomenological terms, and there are in fact six firms engaged in the commercial production of small research magnets up to 80 KG.
An early attempt to account for the discouraging critical current degradation observed in superconducting magnets was made by Montgomery(18) and by Chandrasekhar and Hulm(19) who introduced the idea that the degradation was dependent on the size of the magnet. This idea reached the status of a theoretical model by Smith and Rosenbaum(20), but has been discredited in experiments of Coffin and Gauther(20) and, indeed, by the general experience of workers in the field. The most outstanding testimony to its inapplicability is provided by Koli(21), at Lockheed/Palo Alto, who has wound large-diameter hoop coils as part of an Air Force sponsored feasibility study to provide electron shielding for the Agena vehicle. His largest coil is six feet in diameter, has 33 lb. of 10 mil 3NbZr windings, and performs comparably with small coils (field at origin, Bo = 800 G, field at windings, Bg = 20 KG, critical current, Ic = 18.5 A).
Large values of integrated field are required to resolve the range of momenta under study in this experiment. Inasmuch as the necessary counting rates dictate the use of a large aperture, the field strengths needed are low. Superconducting magnets producing relatively uniform fields are planned.
There are four reasons for this design:
(1) An important benefit of field uniformity in a large-gap magnet is...