There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

UFO Information, Exeter, New Hampshire 

RADE (CASE)
ACTL: MAJOR BURNSIDE

1. References your request for information on the Exeter, 
New Hampshire UFO sighting occurring 3 September 1965. A summary 
of the case is as follows:

2. The sighting was made on the morning of 3 September 1965. 
Police authorities in Exeter, New Hampshire following wide spread publicity in the 
local newspapers regarding the New Hampshire UFO reports. A copy of the 
Exeter Police Department log covering the period from 6 and 7 September are included 
in the case file. Information to the initial report regarding description 
of the object, number of witnesses, and other pertinent data are contained 
in a summary evaluation of the sighting. The general description 
of the sighting indicates that numerous observers at various locations in 
the Exeter area observed a brightly lighted object or objects which they 
termed as "UFOs". On 3 September, an investigation 
was conducted to obtain a specific account of those events. Interviews 
conducted indicate that an 8th Air Force operation "Big Blast" was conducted in 
the Pease APB/Seacoast area and 3-17 aircraft from Pease AFB were 
involved. The Operations officer from Pease AFB and Patrolman Bertrand and Hunt 
and others from the Hig 8th Air Force indicated that this was a scheduled training 
mission and that the "bright objects" observed were normal aircraft lights at 
local time. The major portion of the sighting occurred sub-
sequent to the cease fire. Analysis of the Saturday Review of 
24 February 1966 issue, further stimulated public interest in this incident.
Under closer examination with project consultants, it was evident that there 
was a telephone call made to J.L. Shake, Director AF Scientific Advisory
Board, concerning the annual observation over Exeter and also to determine if 
astra-red photography was being conducted in the vicinity. Project consultants 
stated in the interview that two previous occasions on 14 February 1966 indicated
periodic of the unidentified flying object report. His statement 
regarding night photography is inconclusive. Copies are included.