The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY) 
SOURCES: SAUCER NEWS, Sept 63

LITTLE MEN LAND IN FORMOSA, ARGENTINA: According to a newspaper in Mistiones, Argentina, called "La Provincia", on February 21 of this year, at 9 p.m., in the Indian village of Chocon, Formosa, three small "figures" emerged from a craft and approached the little school located there, which has no electricity. A number of persons, some of whom were teachers at the school, saw these small figures, who then saw the crafts, which took off again, departing with great speed, leaving a bluish-green trail. The figures were about 3 feet tall, and walked in an extremely slow and deliberate manner. Some of the witnesses went up to them, and one of the little figures put out a hand, which emanated some sort, of light. The witnesses did not touch the figures, who quickly returned to their craft, which hovered over the place where about fifty Indians had gathered, some of whom rode on horseback to this landing place, but made no move to intervene.
After remaining visible for about three minutes, the craft, which had the appearance of a dome, took off in a slanting position and disappeared rapidly, according to the newspaper, and we have no further information.

SOURCES: SAUCER NEWS, Sept 63 
February Argentina
ONE-EYED GIANTS LAND IN ARGENTINA: A rather wild story from the town of Chocon, province of Formosa. According to local witnesses, during February of this year, a small UFO landed in a field on the outskirts of the town, and several small beings emerged. They were about 3 feet tall, had only one eye, and had an apparatus on their backs. The article states that these creatures went into one of the nearby houses, and tried to kidnap the inhabitants, but were chased away. It also says that this happened for the second time, the farmers opened fire on the intruders. They found to their dismay that the creatures were physically resistant, and apparently could not be harmed by their rifles. After this exchange, the visitors have come down with a strange skin disease, which looks like tiny reddish spots, and are said to move around in a hesitating manner of some kind.