The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document titled "Flying Saucer Review" dated November 9, 1965 and it contains text that appears to be an article titled "The Great American and Mexican Blackouts" written by Gordon Creighton.

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 65

The Great American and Mexican Blackouts
By Gordon Creighton

AT approximately 5.18 p.m. on November 9, an area of 80,000 square miles extending from Boston to Buffalo and up into the Canadian Provinces, was blacked out. Other major cities affected included Rochester, Syracuse, Buffalo, and Toronto. In some areas the blackout, which in some areas lasted for as much as 13 hours, upper New York State and in the heart of the populous Northeast region. According to reports, the scientists present included Dr. William Beattie, a research director at Walter Reed Army Hospital and consultant to the U.S. National Aeronautical Federation and the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics. Dr. James Shiner, Assistant to the director of Bio-Technology and Human Research at the U.S.A.F. Walter Reed Army Hospital, and myself, Jeane Dixon was more knowledgeable than anyone else in the room.

The U.S. Air Force has pointed out that the Northeast's huge CAUSE of the trouble came exactly five years after the biggest blackout in history occurred on November 9, 1965, when 30 million people were blacked out in the most heavily populated, most power-dependent region. In the blackout several central eastern power grids, affecting millions of people, had suddenly shuddered. At the Rochester Gas and Electric Corporation, on the shore of Lake Ontario, the area was blacked out within minutes. The power failure affected areas of New York, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Canada, marking Robert Moses Niagara Power Plant - biggest in the hemisphere - as the center of disturbance. The blackout origin, the scientists present there, indicated clearly on graphs and reports, was a power surge that had started at Niagara and was unquestionably manmade. There were more "quickly lines" than an earthquake had ever showed.

An American generosity pun amicable: At Consolidated Edison's Waring Center on West 16 Manhattan, this meter recorded 320,000 kilowatts. At 5.18 the flux soared, and within minutes 30 million people were blacked out.

The U.S. Air Force offered an explanation (the London Evening Standard had carried a report about the same time from New York) that scientists were convinced the big blackout of November 11, 1965 concluded that the breakdown was "due to the phemonenon" known as "power surge" or "overload". The scientists present included Dr. William Beattie, a research director at Walter Reed Army Hospital and consultant to the U.S. National Aeronautical Federation and the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics. Dr. James Shiner, Assistant to the director of Bio-Technology and Human Research at the U.S.A.F. Walter Reed Army Hospital, and myself, Jeane Dixon was more knowledgeable than anyone else in the room.

To conclude, I refer readers to the vitally important material published in the Flying Saucer Review of September-October 1965 concerning the earlier power failures.