There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University, dated May 26, 1965. The text of the document is as follows:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY 
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

May 26, 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
USAF 9194
PID Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

I would like to report on my telephonic investigation of the Mt. Airy, Maryland case of March 5, 1965. I had a long telephone conversation with the father and with the sons in question, and with the daughter and son-in-law of the family. It seems that they can't pick any holes in their story. They were followed by strange light parallel to state highway 40, which is about a quarter of a mile away and which has quite a bit of traffic on it. The seventeen-year-old son was with the father when it happened and they stopped along the road to look at the light, which seemed to be quite near. There is some possibility that the event might have an explanation in terms of the radiation from jets or some such manner, but I am not too sure. The lights seemed to be quite bright and to have quite an intensity.

Mr. Brown is an instrument maker at the Bureau of Standards, but also does a good bit of amateur astronomy.

The outstanding things in his mind were the very slow speed (as if attached to a balloon), the floating sensation, and the extreme closeness of the lights, one of which was so bright that it simulated the sunlight and pinpoints could be clearly seen on its surface. These lights appeared to be under intelligent control and to be maneuverable. 

Mr. Brown felt, as I did, that it was just something I couldn't understand, a bit different and a bit strange. He doesn't believe that he nor his sons would shorten his reaction time. I checked him about his reaction and he seems to still be very puzzled and has been kidded a bit about it. Someone gave him a book on air craft contaminants, but he sone read that through and felt it didn't pertain to this case. I gave him some issues of Flying Saucers - whatever, but lights appeared to be attached to something, the whole thing could be explained if we could establish the presence of a large glider headed for Camp David; however, no green or white lights, only red, and speed seemed too slow.

Sincerely,