The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or letter regarding a Project Blue Book case investigation.

September 7, 1965

Project Blue Book 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

About two years ago I bought a book by Donald Keyhoe, which dealt with reported UFO sightings. I have never seen a saucer in fact, but, in 1959, on a clear night, I had an experience which I thought should be called to your attention. 

I was sitting outside when I happened to notice a very brilliant object in the sky. It was about the size of a silver dollar, but appeared to have light rays or a light beam coming from it. Naturally, at first, I thought it might be a shooting star, but then I noticed that it was not falling, but rather, was stationary. Suddenly, it accelerated and moved across the sky at a rapid rate, then stopped and hovered again. This happened several times, and each time it stopped, the light rays or beam seemed to diminish, and when it accelerated, the light seemed to brighten.

This was not the first of such objects I have seen following objects as I said, I have been a skepic. Now, however, I have seen this object which I cannot describe scientifically, as I am not an expert, but I can say that it was more into than ever a learning that I can about them. However, I am quite certain that there is no much publicity. I cannot be made public.

It was sitting outside that I was sitting outside when it happened. It was a very clear night, and I could see that it was not a star, nor any known aircraft. It seemed to be guided intelligently. As it accelerated, the light seemed to brighten and when it stopped, the light diminished. I was not the only one who saw this. A neighbor who was outside at the time also saw it. We both watched it for some time.

This was not the first time I've seen objects in the sky which I could not identify as any conventional aircraft. I have seen strange lights in the past, but this one was different. It seemed to be guided intelligently and the light characteristics were not those of any known aircraft. I felt I should report this to your agency, even though I am a skeptic about these things, as I realize this case may be of interest to you. 

I hope you will understand my reluctance to have my name used publicly. It appeared to be just a point of light or a blue light. Sometimes it seemed to be surrounded by a sort of blue halo or glow. At no time did I see any conventional shape, such as a saucer or cigar. It was simply a bright light, intelligently maneuvering.

Thank you for your attention to this matter. I trust you will treat this case with the consideration and discretion it deserves.

Sincerely,