The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document describing an incident that occurred on May 7, 1965 in Oxford, Michigan.

UFO Report
This is a report on the Marlin Marshall case sof Oxford, Michigan, the sighting of 7 May 65.
I called Mr._ on November 29th, slightly a bit late after the 7th of May. Mr.___ conducted a very intelligent conversation over the telephone, was circumspect in his answers and well above average in intelligence and articulation. He came a 42-acre farm but does not farm it since he is a supervisor at the Pontiac Motor Works. He is transforming his farm into a sort of wildlife refuse. I am sending him a Form 164 because he and his son are going to re-enact the crime at their earliest opportunity. We want to get the actual trajectory of the bright light before the son called his father's attention to it. The son is twelve years old.
The son, daughter, and father were out birdwatching, coming back from a walk through their woods. Mr.____ had a pair of 6 x 30 binoculars in his hand and when his son said "Look at that bright light up there. It looks like a headlight." It was virtually overhead, so the father lay down on the ground and looked directly up at the light with his binoculars. It was then fairly stationary, because he said he didn't have to move his binoculars very much to keep the object in view. Yet, the son seems to indicate that the object had moved from a matter of less than a minute having come in from the west southwest, making a half-circle to practically west, and back to overhead.
I began by asking whether he had had any further thoughts about his sighting and he said that yes, he thought he had solved it, because not too long after the sighting he read in the Pontiac paper that they had been firing multiple-explosive released satellite from Vandenburg and he thought he had witnessed such a "separation of the altogether five objects" that he saw. However, this is out of the question, since neither Vandenburg nor Kennedy had such a launching at that time.