The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the page is titled "Our Intelligence Staffs Plug".

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

Our Intelligence Staffs Plug
(Editor's Note: John Conden Currey, who prepared the following report, had a distinguished background in aviation and World War II.)

The recent rush of reports on unidentified flying objects has brought about renewed interest in the activities of our intelligence staffs for nearly two decades. During World War II, such reports came in from Sweden, or from underground sources near the Battle Zone. Correlated with reconnaissance photos and other intelligence, they gave us early data on test flights of the V-1 and V-2 weapons, and on certain other experimental devices which did not get into production for Nazi war machine.

After the war, reports of "flying saucers" over Scandinavia were at first regarded as evidence the Russians had developed certain new projects for their and were developing certain Nazi projects further. Soon these reports spread to the United States. Roswell, Las Alamos, El Paso, and Oak Ridge. Nervous officials admitted these sensitive sites were too important to admit any possible reconnaissance to go undetected.

So the air intelligence crews were ordered to correlate and analyze the reports. One of the first officers assisted with this unwelcome chore was Major Robert B. Smith, USAF, who has just completed a duty as director of intelligence of SAC and more recently with the Pentagon this month, as successor to Colonel Bolender, USAF. He was then a Lieutenant Colonel, his promotion coming after those seeking to explain away the sightings decided to accept as valid. a relatively small number of cases in which the object was tracked on radar or visually observed in the performance of flight characteristics beyond our known capabilities. So the Air Intelligence crews were ordered to correlate and analyze the reports.