The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, with a detailed written description of an observed aerial phenomenon.

UNCLASSIFIED

Appeared to have an elevation of between 9,000 and 10,000 and estimated to be coming to an altitude of 900 to 1,000 feet. The object was observed to demonstrate characteristics consistent with the visual sightings, Those were reported to be spherical or round in shape, having a bright light or light green colored glow. All were able to show contacts in the area under consideration. The duration of more or less solid contact was from 5 to 15 minutes.

The direction of motion observed was variable, some practically stationary, some moving at a high rate of speed, and in different directions. Some were observed to ascend rapidly, others to descend rapidly, and generally no discernible pattern of motion was detected. The duration of most sightings was from 5 to 15 minutes, a few longer.

The objects were observed to ascend and descend rapidly at times in straight lines, also to make very sharp turns and maneuvers not conductive to known aircraft. The objects were under very close observation but it was not possible to gain access to take photographs or make other observations that would positively identify these phenomena.

(a) The objects appeared uniformly gray or dark in color, and were seen to leave trails or exhaust that appeared whitish in color, which disappeared rapidly, evidencing considerable speed. The size from a distance appeared to vary from objects smaller than a star to objects easily as large as a small aircraft.

(b) Three of the objects held visually just generally passed over the area surveyed, were observed for a short time and disappeared. Some stayed and persisted, looking like all the other objects observed.

The first observation took place at 0535 (0135 GMT). The four most persistent objects maneuvered around and were observed until dawn although they ceased activity after two hours. The other objects came and went, some as they had been observed, in a period of 30 minutes.