The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document discussing the measurement of residual radioactivity. The text discusses the possibility of nuclear propulsion being used in a "vehicle" and the nature of the soil being considered "this type of Florida soil." The text also mentions various measurements and radiation levels. There is a summary at the end discussing the observation of undisturbed loose litter in the area and the technical staff involved.

The text in the document is as follows:

MEASUREMENT OF RESIDUAL RADIOACTIVITY

It has been postulated in previous reports of UFO sightings that the form of nuclear propulsion might be used in such a vehicle. 

the nature of the soil was considered "this type of Florida soil." It generally contains calcium, magnesium and iron impurities. This suggests the possibility that the radioactive elements titanium, thorium, and uranium may have been present and responsible for the gamma-emitting isotopes of silicon and gold detected.

The gamma-emission isotopes of oxygen have maximum half-lives of 7 minutes. However, the two isotopes, Ca 47 (half-life-4.5 days) and Fe 59 (half-life-45 days), however, were possibleE3 emission sources for detection if a very sensitive scintillation counter is used.

As mentioned before, a scintillation survey was made over the area on the following day. The level higher than the normal background count, plus instrument "dark current", being 4 to 5 times normal, on a 0.025 MR/hr scale. The background (plus dark current) readings ranged from 0.004 to 0.010 MR/hr.  

If a nuclear propulsion jet stream had impinged on the calcareous sand, the residual radioactivity would still be detectable. The sensitivity of the Precision Life Scintillator would have detected any changes did not confirm this fact.

SUMMARY
The observation of undisturbed loose litter in the area, irregularly spaced on the ground, indicate a possible sighting on the basis of actual or measurable evidence.

C.W. BEMISS
Pan American World Airways
Technical Staff
Patrick AFB, Florida