The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper clipping showing a news article with a large headline that reads "First Night Color Shot Captures Flying Saucer".

Text OCR output:

THE OKLAHOMA JOURNAL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1943

First Night Color Shot Captures Flying Saucer

Alan Smith, 14, and his sister, Sheryl Rolf, 12, stand in the back yard of their Tulsa home where they witnessed the flying saucer, according to their story. The saucer appeared about 8:15 pm, they said. The story was published in the Oklahoma Journal Publishing Co. Copyright 1943.

They Saw The 'Saucer'

Alan Smith, 14, and his sister, Sheryl Rolf, 18, stand in the back yard of their Tulsa home where they witnessed the flying saucer, according to their story. The saucer appeared about 8:15 pm, they said. The story was published in the Oklahoma Journal Publishing Co. Copyright 1943.

Letter

Dear Letters Editor
I want to congratulate Hayden Strayhorn, director of the Police Relations Division, for his fine work in helping to capture one of the "dangerous" and troublesome criminals in Oklahoma City. This man, who has been terrorizing Oklahoma City and surrounding areas, has finally been captured, thanks to the diligent efforts of Mr. Strayhorn and his Staff. On August 30, 1965 this man, Leroy Skaggs, was arrested, and Sheriff Jim Jones stated that the arrest was definitely a result of the information received from Mr. Strayhorn's office. 
I want to commend Mr. Strayhorn for the outstanding work he and his staff are doing to help law enforcement agencies in the state of Oklahoma. More power to him!
Dr. Joe Merrifield
Oklahoma City

Life Beat
DAILY RACES
Bowie
SPORTS DESK
The Cleveland Indians are a different ball club when you watch them from the pressbox, according to Chuck Heaton, the Plain Dealer sports columnist. The Indians are a strange mixture of power and poise, he says. Their veteran stars - Rocky Colavito, Woodie Held, Vic Davalillo and others - are easily offended and resent any criticism, according to Heaton. But the youngsters like Max Alvis, Don Demeter and Sonny Siebert take the rough going in stride.

Jail By
CHARLES M. BARRICKLOW

BALTIMORE, Md. - John H. Presnell, 19-year-old youth paralyzed from the waist down, has been found guilty of first degree murder and sentenced to life imprisonment. He propped himself upright in his wheelchair to hear the verdict read in Criminal Court. 
Presnell was convicted of killing a 60-year-old woman in a holdup last month. He was apprehended within minutes after the crime, still in his wheelchair.
The judge commented grimly that he could not overlook the fact that the defendant was armed and dangerous despite his physical handicap. Presnell had entered a plea of innocent by reason of insanity. The jury deliberated only 90 minutes before returning the verdict.

Nix Hearing
for
Gary C. Todd
Gary C. Todd, 22, of Jenks, Okla., pleaded innocent to a charge of first degree murder during his arraignment Wednesday before Judge Spencer Parsons. The judge set an October 19 deadline for filing of psychiatric reports in the case. Todd is charged with the slaying of his uncle, Edwin R. Todd, 46, during a quarrel July 26 at the uncle's home in Jenks.
An application for a psychiatric examination was filed by Sylvan Radin, Todd's court-appointed attorney.