The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not contain any photographs. It is simply text describing various UFO sightings.

Now it's Saucers
By the Squadron 

Identification from officials at Bunker Air Force Base. They placed launced with large-size weather balloons. The information until they were confirmed to actually be saucers Monday, he said it definitely was not there Sunday. 

The citizens reported seeing objects were sighted and descending just north and northeast of Bonner Springs. 

... Maybe Mars has an AAOCC plant there, too, a resident commented. The sight of two saucers flying past seemed to startle first group of two witnesses.

They would go down and then back up and manuever as so forth. They said they were in formation. They were described as silvery in color and a great height.

Deputy James Simms spotted the weached some object with a reddish light on top and a white light underneath. He couldn't see the shape of it, he said, "but I could see it shut twisting a circle of lights. It looked like a large, half-circular group of lights."

Park said he called his wife over when he had the object. It appeared to him to be about the size of a half-dollar at arm's length. It hovered for a while, then accelerated several hundred miles an hour. 

The Daily Oklahoman carried a brief report of two unidentified flying objects seen over Oklahoma City. The Oklahoma State Highway patrol reported a large portion of the state patrolmen and sheriffs had reports of the sightings. 

One youth reported seeing an object rise either from Lake Hefner or its shoreline. Another reported seeing two objects rise from his backyard and shooting straight up out of sight. It was seen about 10:15 PM 5-16-64 SW 43. He said the objects flashed red lights and dashed swiftly high in the sky.  

A resident of El Reno okla. reported a strange orange object that looked like a ball of fire coming down in the west at 9:15 p.m. He watched it for about five minutes and saw it make a sudden burst of speed and disappear.

Another resident saw a bright blue object "which suddenly flashed upwards into the sky from the west" at about 8:30 p.m.