The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reported UFO sightings. The text in the document is as follows:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

NARRATIVE REPORT AND ASSESSMENT

UFO, 3 AUGUST 1965, SANTA ANA, CALIFORNIA

1. The following is based upon investigation conducted personally by the Investigating Officer from our commands and various witnesses obtained from civilian complainants, and is a summary of the details obtained:

At approximately 1330 hours on 3 August 1965, the UFO was described as hovering over La Mirada and Cerritos, California. This UFO was sighted by numerous individuals, and was observed by these individuals to be a large, ovated-shaped object, metallic in appearance, that hovered in the sky for several minutes. The UFO was then observed to make a rapid departure to the southeast, at a high rate of speed. Several civilian witnesses had attempted to use their radios to alert the Air Force, and others had immediately notified the Orange County Sheriff's Office, who in turn notified the appropriate Air Force agency. An immediate on-scene investigation was instituted, and the following details were obtained:

The UFO was described as being approximately 50-60 feet in diameter, metallic in appearance, and was observed to hover in the sky for several minutes before making a rapid departure to the southeast. Several civilian witnesses were interviewed, and sketches were obtained depicting the object as observed. The exact altitude, as estimated by the witnesses, varied from 500-1000 feet. It was further established that the object made no noise, and emitted no visible exhaust or contrails. The object was observed by numerous individuals to be a solid, metallic, ovated-shaped craft, and its rapid departure was observed by all witnesses.

Marine Corps Investigators estimate that the sighting of the UFO as described by the various witnesses would tend to indicate a highly advanced and sophisticated aerial vehicle, the performance characteristics of which are beyond the capabilities of any known aircraft.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY