The image contains a newspaper article with the headline "Sunday's Saucer Was Blimp; What Was Last Night's?". The article describes a reported UFO sighting on Sunday night, where the object was later determined to have been a blimp. The article also mentions another reported UFO sighting the previous night, the details of which are not yet known.

Text Output:
LEBANON, PA., THURSDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 23, 1965
Another UFO Sighting
Sunday's Saucer Was Blimp; What Was Last Night's?
Those unidentified flying objects (UFOs) sighted in the downtown area Sunday evening apparently were nothing more than a blimp, it was learned today.
A blimp, flying at a low altitude, was sighted by numerous persons in the Lebanon area Sunday night. In fact, it was so low that it seemed to be just a few hundred feet off the ground.
None of these UFOs were known to be aircraft, according to Air Force officials. They viewed the object through powerful telescopes, and it appeared to be a blimp.
This blimp, on duty Sunday night, told the Lebanon Daily News that Sunday night's sighting was a false alarm. Meanwhile, about 20 people saw another UFO the night before, but its identity remains unknown.
Larry Ives, 201 N. Penn Ave., Palmyra, who spotted the blimp Sunday night, told The Lebanon Daily News that he had studied the object through binoculars and definitely identified it as a blimp.
The two persons who were driving in a car on North Ninth Street, seen the blimp seem to move slowly toward the ground, but Ives said it actually appeared to be coming nearer the ground on a field in South Annville.
The Harrisburg airport reports that the blimp was passing through this area about 9:30 Sunday night, so this apparently solves the mystery of Sunday's "unidentified flying object."
But what about Friday night's sighting? That still remains a mystery, with no explanation given so far. Airport officials said they knew of no aircraft or other objects being in the skies over Lebanon at that time.
"I don't know what it was," said one man who spotted the thing Friday night. "It was big and bright green and white lights twinkling on it."