There is no photograph present in this document. The document appears to be a technical report discussing the weight reduction that results from the lowering of the field at the windings and the subsequent relaxation of the motor force. It discusses various consequences of lowering the winding field, such as operating the superconductor well below the high-field region, minimizing the effect of relative displacement of components, reducing computational errors, and handling the magnets during flight. The report also mentions the use of liquid nitrogen and a "thermally-activated, superconducting or 'persistent' switch" to energize the magnets.

Text extracted from the document:

the weight reduction that results from the lowering of the field at the windings and the subsequent relaxation of the motor force. If we consider two simple examples of magnet producing the same field, Ba, at the origin, a current loop and a uniform-field sphere, then the conductor mass required for the sphere is 1.18 that for the loop, but the mass needed to constrain the windings is reduced by a factor of Bae/Ba, where Ba is the field at the surface of the windings of the loop. In the coils under consideration this involves combined conductor and constraint reductions of about 45%.

(2) A second, equally important consequence of lowering the winding field is that one operates the superconductor well below the so-called highfield region where its useful application is just emerging. Therefore, we have the comfort of not having to hinge the success of the experiment on the development of 100 kg techniques.

(3) The use of uniform fields tends to minimize the effect of relative displacement of components in the system and reduces errors.

(4) The uniformity also reduces the computation and errors in the data reduction by increasing the order of the corrections which must be applied. In operation, the two magnets will first be precooled with liquid nitrogen and then, if practicable, with liquid hydrogen (the enthalpy to be removed is 102 MJ). Liquid helium will then be introduced and, when cold, the magnets will be energized. Before the flight begins they will be shorted with a thermally-activated, superconducting or "persistent" switch. It will probably be necessary to de-energize the magnets before the vehicle returns to earth and, in any case, one will have to provide a means for protecting the magnets and equipment affected by their field in the event superconductivity is destroyed and a magnet "quenches". Before discussing the dissipation of the stored field energy of a large, superconducting magnet, let us get a feeling ...