There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON UFO SIGHTING
0900, 16 Sep 1965
Talked with Mrs. -, by phone on this date. She stated that when she was going outside the house to hang the wash she looked up in the sky and saw a large bright object, stationary, emitting a reddish-orange glow in diameter, approximately 70-80 feet in diameter, over her house. It blended in with the sky. She could not tell exactly how high it was but stated that it seemed to be at an altitude to helicopter that was up there. She stated it was disc-shaped and associated with the object and it was definitely not any type of aircraft which she has ever seen. She stated she watched this object for some time and it took off in what seemed to her like a jumping motion, traveling at a very fast speed. There was a possibility of windows where the two circles converged. And that there was something sticking out under the object, which looked like an antenna. There were times when there were some clouds in the sky. The object appeared to go straight up for a short while and then disappeared. 
Mrs. - attempted to call one of her neighbors to show it to her but by the time she got the neighbor out the object had disappeared. She has no idea how long this sighting lasted this time.
Mrs. - saw a similar object 12 years ago (approximately 12 May 1953) when she was living in another house not too far from her present address.
I asked Mrs. - if she could draw a picture of the object and send it to me but she stated she was not very good at drawing pictures and could not give a detailed description of the object. And when she had tried to draw it at the time she said it did not satisfy her as to what she had observed. She stated that both she and her husband observed numerous peculiar lights in the sky over their house also during the past several years (10 years) which have puzzled them. 
INVESTIGATION:
Mrs. -'s residence is located in the extreme northwest section of Houston and is not too many homes around where she lives. A check with the local ACIC station indicates that there are no aircraft or balloon traffic in the area at the reported sighting time. Although I cannot come up with any explanation for this sighting, I do not plan to investigate any further unless directed by your office.

LAURENCE R. LEACH, JR. MAJOR, USAF
Assistant Director of Operations
Directorate of Operations