The image does not contain any photographs, only text describing the "Warminster Phenomena" incident. Here is the text that I was able to extract from the image using optical character recognition:

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: AFRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

The Warminster Phenomena:
The town of Warminster, England, is a small town in the West Country. It has been the scene of some strange occurrences in the vicinity of several large defense and/or military installations. Since Christmas Day, 1964, there has been a good deal of talk of "mysterious noises" in that town, and at first glance it would seem that many UFO's are involved in these happenings. 

Mr. Arthur Shuttlewood, variously described as an editor and reporter, has noted some of the strange goings-on. To wit:

As of 8:15 a.m. on Christmas Day, Mrs. Hump, a widow, was walking to early morning service at Christ Church when she became aware of a strange droning sound above her, accompanied by a high-pitched whine.

Suddenly, she was quite inexplicably, "swept off her feet" and thrown to the ground in shock, screaming for help, and finally others heard her and rushed to her assistance. No harm was done, but she was very shaken. She was helped to a seat. She sat through the remainder of the service "jelly-legged".

At exactly the same time that Mrs. Rye first heard "the thing", (dubbed by Shuttlewood), Head Postmaster Roger Flump and his wife were awakened in their home by the loud, peculiar noises coming from their roof. Rump said, "The ceiling shook. It was just as though 5,000 bees were swarming on it."

Uses on our roof were being rattled and picked up by some terrific force. Then a frantic scrambling sound as if three large birds or small animals were tearing hungrily over the roof. This impressed Mr. and Mrs. Rump throughout the experience, a most unnerving droning and strange "crackler tones behind it." The noises lasted a total of only about a 
"Three minutes prior to the experience of the Rumps and Mrs. Rye, a woman who requested her name withheld was awakened by the barking and whimpering of a dog outside in the field a quarter mile distant. At 8:12 a.m. everything became quiet again. They sent their daughter Josie out to see what was wrong, and in the garden her 12-year-old found the animal cowering in a corner of a low-roofed greenhouse. Josie could see nothing wrong. Joel, the dog, spoke to him and started back into the house. The door slammed behind him.

Before Josie reached the door, there came a "weird, crackling" and a high-pitched sound, and she was "battered down" by some unseen force. "I felt what I thought was an ice-cold tongue wipe the back of my neck", she reported. "My head was jerked forward and down. I struggled and screamed and managed to make a dive for the house and the door seemed to break the hold the thing" had on her.

In one of the same articles with the foregoing information, Shuttlewood notes that Rev. Thomas P. Graham, the vicar of St. Giles' Church, and his wife Patricia and their three children, D., 11, P., 6, and B., 5, all saw a "brightly glowing, cigar-shaped object which remained in the high sky over Warminster for 20 minutes", Shuttlewood projected to mention a date or time.

Because of the proximity of the military and governmental installations, it was suggested by some in the Warminster area that the strange phenomena was the result of new devices being tested in the area. However, authorities representing these installations stated that there had been no current testing of any aircraft or other military or scientific objects.

Dr. Gordon C. Pollard, a botanist, zoologist, and biologist, is one of the residents of Warminster who thinks the strange phenomena are not to be lightly brushed aside. He told Shuttlewood of a flock of pigeons killed suddenly - and mysteriously - in flight, with no explanation. He examined them soon after they fell, and each bird showed no sign of injury or vigor mortis.

(See Warminister, page 8)