There is no photograph present in this document. The document appears to be a scanned page from a Flying Saucer Review publication, containing text discussing sightings of unidentified flying objects.

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

From the Journal of Copenhagen: "On November 8, while flying over Jarrow, a peculiar flying object was seen by several people in the area, which made a roaring noise and terrified the locals, according to reports."

There follows a description of the sighting, including details that the object "was not an airplane" and that "no civil aircraft were in the area at the time."

The text then discusses another sighting from Inverness Road, Jarrow, where an object described as "The Thing" was seen on several occasions, with witnesses reporting the object was "about 30 feet in diameter."

The document then shifts to a discussion of a Sandown sighting in England on 3 Nov 65, describing an incident where a couple saw an unidentified object hovering above them while walking.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

Jarrow deltavolants? 
From The Journal of Copenhagen: November 8 edition, we learn how "On November 8, while flying over Jarrow, a peculiar flying object was seen by several people in the area, which made a roaring noise and terrified the locals, according to reports."

The thing was not a plane, because some of my friends saw it over Jarrow. A few minutes later it disappeared.
"The wire not aeroplane, because
of one of my friends told that no civil aircraft were in the area at the time."

Inverness Road, Jarrow, reported more strange objects like a flashlight "The Thing", was seen on sight occasions. Mother complained because it frightened her children.
"About thirty feet wide was of a pnosphorus nature and lit up the nearby bushes, occasionally it shot off at a terrific pace upwards and disappeared." The owner of The Jarrow Trades Hall mentioned it several times.
(Credit: Harry Leary, Heaton)

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
3 Nov 65
England

Sandown sighting
The S. of p. H. Cooper, of Sandown, I.O.W. gave the following account: "An addition to the recent reports of sightings, unidentified objects in the sky. On November 3, at 5.45 p.m., my wife and I were walking down the cliff from the direction of Seaview, when they saw an object, which had a silver centre surrounded by a halo of light. It was traveling at a fantastic speed towards the sea, making no perceptible noise. After reaching the sea, it made a 90 degree turn and shot upwards at a terrific pace upwards and disappeared. The object appeared to be of a phosphorous nature and was quite bright, so much so that we could not have been a firework or anything normal."