Major Quintanilla
3 June 1965
Page 2
Elk Grove Village, February 8, 1965

dashed to the bedroom to get her husband and hauled him out to look.
They both went to the window to look. At that time the object was
definitely gone.

I questioned her closely on the edges of the object and she maintained
that the ovals of light had a definite periphery and were not fuzzy.
She drew them for the cameras many times and the best description I can
give here is that they were simply two ellipses at right angles to each
other, two ellipses of rather low eccentricity.

The filming of this whole episode took from about 7:00 p.m. until
1:00 a.m. It is ridiculous the lengths to which these documentary people
will go. They will do a scene over and over again, aiming for perfection. They first had her tell her story to the camera and the mike.
The story is much as I have given it above. She spoke also of not being
afraid of the ridicule of neighbors. She saw what she saw and there
was no point in hiding it. She said she was conscious of the fact that
her husband's position, and that of her children in school, might be
jeopardized by unsavory talk, but that she felt that she must report it.
The girl herself is a highschool graduate and then had a year or two. I
believe, of interior decorating. I would judge her a positive reporter
but not a terribly good reporter. She decides on the things she is sure
of and then sticks with them.

After the filming at the dining room table, with all the lights going
full blast for fully half an hour or more, they had her draw pictures
for the silent cameras. Then they had her change clothes and re-enact
the wintery scene of her coming in, running to the window, looking,
running to get her husband and pulling him out of bed. (They did not
show that portion; they showed merely his running out of the bedroom
to the window in his bajamas and robe. In her desire to be extremely
accurate, the young lady remarked that her husband doesn't wear pajamas,
but the NBC people said they had to take some liberties in the name of
decency and he wore pajamas!) As you can see, it was a rather jolly
evening and I forget to mention that two NICAP members were present,
Larsen, who is President of the Chicago chapter and another man whose
name temporarily escapes me, though I can get it. I maintained amicable
relations with them, but in no sense coming to grips with them. In
any event, they seemed a cut above the average NICAP members, or at
least did seem so until I overheard them talking in the kitchen when
they thought I was asleep. I might as well tell that now.

Along about midnight, I was getting rather tired and since I had a nine
o'clock class the next morning, I excused myself and lay down on a couch
in the living room while the NBC cameramen went outside to film the
progress of her car down the street, etc. I did sleep some, but awoke