NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue N.W.
North 7-9434
Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional
questions to which answers are wanted for full evaluation by NICAP.
After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly
issued magazine or in special publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional space,
please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name Ronald J. Moorward
Place of Employment Vermont Dept. Public Safety
Address Dept. Public Safety
Vermont State Police
Brattleboro, Vermont 05302
Occupation Assistant Superintendent,
Bureau of Identification
Education
Special training Advanced Subjects-Police Science
Military Service Army
Telephone 223-5211 Ext. 53

2. Date of Observation 4 January 1965
Time 1700 PM EST Time Zone

3. Locality of Observation Route 12 Travelling North between Bethel and Randolph

4. How long did you see the object? Hours Minutes 2 Seconds

5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky: i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dark, etc.

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you.

7. If dawn or night, twilight, or dusk, were the stars or moon visible? NO

8. In what direction did the object move? If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating
direction of movement, if any. West to East

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light? was it revolving,
etc.? Please use additional sheets of paper, if necessary. Appeared round, bright red in color; not unlike
neon sign or signs; accompanying craft. Larger and travelling at greater rate of speed.

10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? YES

11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. resembled a very bright red automotive
tail light.

12. Did the object(s) — (Please elaborate, if you can give details.)

a. Appear to stand still at any time? NO
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? maintained even speed
c. Break up into parts or explode? NO
d. Give off smoke? NO
e. Leave any visible trail? NO
f. Drop anything? NO
g. Change brightness? NO
h. Change shape? NO
i. Change color? NO

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible.
NO

14. Was there any wind? If so, please give direction and speed.

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windshape, storm window, screening,
also? What?

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? None heard What kind? How loud?

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) —
a. Fuzzy or blurred,
b. Like a bright star,
c. Sharply outlined.