The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned page of text from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text:

U.S.Air Force, Chief of Staff
Dept. of Defense
Pentagon,
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

I have never believed in the reports of flying saucers nor of other unidentified Flying Objects, claimed sighted by various people at different times and in different localities. The supposition that these objects were piloted by little green men from outer space, in my mind has always been absurd.

On August 11th past-at about 7:25 P.M. I was sitting on my back porch watching birds flying around, when two gleaning silver objects came slowly over the tops of my trees. I have extremely good eyesight and am not an excitable person and I certainly was not frightened for a second for seeing them.

These objects were flying quite low, made absolutely no noise, no smoke and were not gliding. They dipped back into position, as though pulled by a string. They were flying from north to south following the shadow silvers. I watched them until they became two little black specks in the distance.

They were not round-they were not flat as saucers.
The sky was bright and clear and I got a good thorough look at them. They were not optical illusions-not mirages and not jittery from some of own distortions. They were completely real.

Could they not have been two high powered, remote controlled camera's launched from a ship? No one in authority will listen to my description of them. I have been "ridiculed" unmercifully for making an honest sighting. Well-I know better-I saw them. They do exist! 

The government is spending millions of dollars, trying to hit men on the moon before the Russians do-while the Russians could be spending their money taking pictures of our entire country. If there was nothing in the skies, then stations in the directions they are going. when these things are sighted, then perhaps explanations could be given when sightings happen.

Sincerely,