The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a detailed description of an alleged UFO incident that occurred on March 2, 1965 in Brooksville, Florida. There is no photograph included on this particular page.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

THE FLORIDA "LANDING" INCIDENT 
on the 2nd. of March 1965, 62-year-old John Reeves of West Waleska Springs, Fla., was in his office with his secretary when, according to his report, he looked out the window and saw a shiny "craft" hovering just above the trees about a quarter of a mile away. It was accompanied by a robot-like creature and its space ship or the "craft" was turning and rolling. As Reeves watched, the object descended to about 1.25 miles and hovered for about two seconds. He was walking about 1 1/2 miles from his home when he first noticed the object. It was an unusual looking object and approached in a circuitous route and came down very fast from the object. The object carried the robot-like creature and the object were moving in a very deliberate manner. The robot-like creature appeared to be only about three feet in distance from the "craft". A spaced-suited figure which came out of the brush and approached the object had traversed about half the distance between its original position and the craft. Shortly after, the figure retreated back into the brush.
Mr. Reeves, stopped, pulled a revolver, took a careful aim, pulled the trigger, and a "plunger type sound" came out of the object. The object flashed, "like lightning at night", according to Reeves, whereupon Mr. Reeves turned and ran for home.
The object turned and headed straight up rapidly, going out of sight in about five seconds. Reeves ran as fast as he could to get home. His daughter was frightened and excited, but Mr. Reeves quieted her and she refused to go with him investigating further.
The "robot" or other creature flashed again. Then the creature turned and walked back into the "craft" and it started to rise with a curious, weaving motion into the sky at high speed and disappeared.

IMPORTANT NOTICE:
Effective March 1, 1965 APRO's new address will be 3910 E. Kleindale Rd., Tucson, Arizona. All future communications should be addressed to that location.

After the craft left, Reeves walked over to the place where it had set down and found the landing gear had been, and two circular impressions about 30 inches in diameter which had been made. He picked up a small hard black object and took them home with him. He also noted an abundance of strange-looking markings, prints, footprints and shape of UFO).
The "robot" described by Mr. Reeves was about 3 feet tall.