The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TDEW/UFO
Conclusion of Brooksville, Fla, 2 Mar 65 Sighting

30 MAR 65

Rd 12AP-4-CC (Mrs Hunt)
3-B D G 20330

We have completed the evaluation of the alleged landing of a "flying saucer" at Brooksville, Fla, 2 March 1965. The findings of this evaluation are as follows:
However, it would be extremely difficult for us to prove that he observed what he claims he saw. The individual who reported this incident has a history of ANTI AIRCRAFT ARTILLERY service. In my opinion, this bears repeating on his when the National Wire Services picked-up the story. (story cannot be substantiated.)

As the information, submitted to project Blue Book by Air Force Inspector R M Olsson, IDWT USAF, Range, does not corroborate Mr. story of an alleged landing of a "flying saucer" at Brooksville, Fla, 2 March 1965. The findings of the investigator are that remains to be verified and the facts of the sighting, which are extremely difficult to substantiate.

(1) Tbe vehicle traveled straight up at 2,000 miles per hour and it was out of sight in 10 seconds. It is estimated the object stood still approximately 20 to 25 seconds and then departed at a greatly increased speed.
(2) The blast-off, from a vehicle taking-off at these speeds would have exposed the witness to an extremely high velocity wind force and severe heat radiation, which was not mentioned.
(3) Mr. drawing of the saucer shows four static poles (landing gear) and the saucer was apparently caused by the landing gear, but what he described as soil impressions, impressions, and hole samplings were the following: Holes were 8 - 11 inches in diameter and 12-20 inches deep. What he called impressions were round holes 8 to 12 inches in diameter and 12-20 inches deep. (See Attachment #1)
The heading, which were supposedly caused by the landing gear, showed the object traveled 136 degrees magnetic north. (See Attachment #1)