There does not appear to be a photograph present in this scanned document page. The image is a typed text titled "AIR FORCE INVESTIGATION RESULTS" that describes various sightings and investigations related to Project Blue Book.

AIR FORCE INVESTIGATION
RESULTS
According to information received from Projjbct Blue Book Headquarter - 
on 27th September 1965, the following results were reported.

There have been released by Station WWW again "Air Force Investigation reports which were previously withheld from the public. These reports cover incidents that occurred on August 10, 16, and September 5, 1965 in Oklahoma.

The September issue of the UFO page 120 in the Air Force Regulation 200-2 clearly stated that the Oklahoma incidents were being "Investigated and Evaluated."

The Wynnewood, Oklahoma sightings were on August 10, 1965. Three witnesses, two Oklahoma State Highway Patrolmen and one private citizen, stated that a large luminous object was observed. The radar returns that were picked up at Tinker AFB, Ft. Worth showed that the object was tracked to a range of 20 miles to the south. 

The object was tracked by Tinker AFB radar at a range of 20 miles south of Oklahoma City. The radar returns show that the object was picked up at Tinker AFB, Ft. Worth and that no unusual returns were recorded at that time.

All other returns from the Oklahoma City area were identified as normal aircraft.

The radar returns from the 7150th Air Division, Oklahoma City, on August 16, 1965 were in the range of 20 miles to the south. The object was tracked to a range of 20 miles. The objective was tracked to a range of 20 miles.

The majority of the visual reports were to the effect that the object was first seen in the northwest, moved to the southwest, and was last seen in the southeast. 

As stated by Major Quintanilla, release on the cause of the initial reports published in the September issue of the UFO page 120 in the Air Force Regulation 200-2 was a malfunction. This situation was multiple image sightings. Colorado and Nebraska area on the night of the 16th of July.

The incident at Wynnewood was under investigation by the Air Force and during this period we had no knowledge of reports from the Oklahoma area.

As you may know, telephone Wright-Patterson AFB on the morning of August 20th of the release that a full report was delayed for several days. As soon as the Air Force investigation results were made known, this information was released.