There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page of text from an old UFO report document.

bushes there. So I see he got up againnnn aaaaa and took another, he took anotherpicture of me. So then he turned around and went back to the camp us up in this bushes up this there up space up flying saucer and then he uh got inside then I noticed that the uh the the blade the the uh this the a stair, this uh this was round steps,they went inside uh uh a of a cylinder like. must of men about ground chin uh maybe it is 16 says 18 inches in diameter. But the steps, they seemed to go inside and in as aa sea they were going up one at a time, went inside this here, this chamber-like you know, and so after they uh were all is there, then this uh the chamber it was up inside the inside the inside this ship, so that when the ship started to uh those there blades they started to uh started to move move something like a a venetian blind you know. You know how a venetian blind opens? This is how these blades moved. And so then after a while this uh this rim started to uh going around and uh made a whistling sound and made a little thunder like and it then it seemed like it seemed right near uh then it was going very fast then. When it stood right there, these here, these here uh blades here uh like little that was on the landing gear, they seemed to come up, up under the ship and they went right inside, right inside the ship. Then, then she took off. In second that thing was goneIn thought it went straight up, right straight up in the air it went. And then I uh went down and looked, and I found some very, some kind of writing material with very queer writings on it. But some of fellows that were joking about it looked like looked like looked like chinese writing you know, but it wasn't that tough. But it was a very queer writing. On very thin, I don't know what kind of stuff what stuff this was kind of looked to looked to me more like a kleenex than, very thin, it was made of some kind of fabric, some kind of fabric.