The image does not contain any visible photograph. The document appears to be a report from Project Blue Book, describing an incident involving a near-collision of a Chilean plane with a UFO on the night of September 6th, 1965. The report details that the UFO was sighted at a distance, and the incident resulted in a collision course. However, the UFO soon disappeared, and the Chilean plane was able to continue its flight without further incident. The report states that the unidentified object was soon lost from sight, and that there was no such plane - the unidentified object soon closed up and disappeared under the craft. Overall, the document appears to be a written report from Project Blue Book, describing this UFO incident, without any accompanying photographs.

Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol 13, # 1, March 66

NEAR-COLLISION OF A CHILEAN PLANE WITH A UFO

On the night of September 6th, an airplane of the Chilean National Airlines spent two anxious min utes in a near-collision with an unidentified flying object while en route from Antofagasta to Santiago.

The pilot reported that he first saw the UFO at a distance. It appeared to be traveling at a high rate of speed and on a collision course. He took evasive action but the UFO passed within a few hundred yards of his plane. The encounter lasted only a few seconds.

After the incident the pilot reported that he had requested Santiago to contact the control tower at Rio Hondo to check on any other air traffic in the vicinity. He was told there was no other traffic. The UFO disappeared from view immediately after the near-miss.

It was reported that there was no physical damage to the Chilean plane. The unidentified object soon closed up and disappeared under the plane when it was in a higher altitude, and the pilot continued on his way without further incident. For fear of panic, however, the UFO was not sighted in full by the passengers although they sensed "something unusual" was going on. The details of the incident were reportedly released subsequent to an urgent meeting of the directors of the Chilean National Airlines after the return of the plane to Santiago.