The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which describes an incident that occurred in Middletown, Ohio on 4 November 1965.

The text of the document is as follows:

MIDDLETOWN, OHIO
4 NOVEMBER 1965

At 1845, 4 November 1965, observer and her three children were driving along the road when one of the children noticed a bright light, about the size of a grapefruit, in comparison to a star. It was in the northeast, and the light was seen to go up and out. An object gave off a close, bright light, appeared to be a delta-wing type craft, and was sighted out from the lights one at a time. The object just sat, white glow, and appeared as though it might have been large, round, red glow. After approximately five minutes the object took off to the northwest and disappeared in less than two minutes.

COMMENTS
The initial phase and possibly some of the subsequent portions of the sighting are attributed to the Aearo Firstream 43-A which landed at approximately 1830 hours local approach to Middletown was from the northeast. However, there is a discrepancy of approximately five minutes in the reported time of the sightings and landings of the Aearo. It is desirable to assume that this small difference in time would not eliminate this as a cause of the report. Other aspects indicate that the Aearo has already landed with its landing lights on and that the object sited subsequently was a different vehicle. 

The dull, deep red glow is attributed to the aircraft lights on the runway (invisible from that location) or some ground lights on the opposite side of the river. The final phase of the sightings consisting of lights rising and moving off to the northwest cannot be explained in terms of this aircraft. At present there appears to be no better explanation than some unknown craft in the area at the time. A check was made with the airport authorities and the Air Force, but no other aircraft or other aircraft were identified in the Middletown area at the time of the observation.

As such, the case will be carried as two separate observations. The first evaluated as an aircraft, and the second disappearing to the northwest remains unidentified.