There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

"Apparent burning on ground 40-45 ft. diameter. Some small trees in the affected area were charred and burned from the ground up 3-4 ft. Grass, weeds, and leaves in this area were also burned but the area outside the main burned area showed no effects of heat or fire.

Time: 10:15 to 10:30 PM, CST.
Date: August 1, 1965
Place: Bunkie, Louisiana

Weather: Clear night, no wind.

Witnesses: Mr. and Mrs. Boudreaux, Bunkie, Louisiana.

Statement: At approximately 10:15 PM on the night of August 1, 1965, my wife and I were outside our home in Bunkie, Louisiana, when we noticed a bright light in the northern sky. This light seemed to be hovering and pulsating. It was a very bright, whitish-blue light. After observing it for several minutes, the light suddenly came down very rapidly and hovered over a field about 40-45 feet in diameter near our home. We could then see that the ground in this circular area was glowing and appeared to be on fire. Small trees in the affected area were charred and burning from the ground up about 3-4 feet. The grass, weeds, and leaves in this circular area were also burned, but the area outside the main burned spot showed no signs of heat or fire.

The light hovered over this area for 10-15 minutes, then suddenly shot up into the sky and disappeared. We immediately went to the area to investigate and found that the ground was still hot to the touch. There was a slight odor of something burned. The next day, we went back to the area and found that the ground was still warm and the burned vegetation was still smoldering. A few days later, the burned area began to grow new grass and vegetation, but a clearly defined circular area could still be seen.

We have no explanation for what we saw that night. It was not an aircraft, and we have never seen anything like it before. The whole incident was most unusual and quite frightening at the time."