There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document or report about proton-proton interactions in the energy range above 100 BeV (Billion electron volts). The text describes an experiment and its physical arrangement, but does not contain any visual imagery.

The text output from the OCR system is as follows:

of proton-proton interactions in the energy range above 100 BeV.

In concept this experiment is a return to a rich and abandoned lode 
with the new tools of the past decade. These new developments offer a refinement in precision in comparison to traditional cosmic-ray experiments which 
will make possible more detailed studies in and beyond the energy range now
planned for exploitation with accelerators to be built in the next decade. In 
this context the experiment can reveal the gross features of the high-energy
physics of the immediate future and, at the same time, perhaps provide helpful 
guideline to the design of the machines being planned. In a broader context
the realization of this experiment will form a basis of technique and experience
for the further practicable exploration into regions of even higher energy.

The initial cost (see Appendix I) of the proposed program is small in 
comparison to that of the currently-known method of artificially producing high-
energy-proton beams or, even, of studying proton-proton interactions at very 
high energies with storage rings. (2) Its projected operating costs, in terms
of "dollars per event measured", are of the same order as those of present
practice at lower energies.

III. Physical Description of the Experiment

Before discussing what kinds of experiment might be done at high 
altitudes, let us first examine, in a general way, the proposed arrangement
of the experiment, and then take stock of what is available in the upper atmos-
phere for an experiment.

A. Experimental Arrangement

A system which fulfills the criteria of the previous section is 
shown schematically in Figure 1. It may be divided functionally into two parts. 
The "beam" portion utilizes the Cerenkov threshold effect in gas at 
low pressure to detect the passage of a proton of energy greater than 100 BeV.