The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DETACHMENT 4 (PACIFIC OFFICE)
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

4 MAY 1965

THRU: Hq FSTC (TDEW)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

TO: Hq FSTD (TDEW)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

1. (S) Reference is made to UFO Report dated 10 April 1965, concerning an incident observed 10 April 1965 at Misawa AB, Japan, by GCA radar and an individual who observed the incidents.

2. (S) The objects were observed on both GPN-18 (S-band) and FPS-6 (C-band) GCA radars when the objects were in position to be observed. The radar returns appeared to be caused by definite targets rather than main lobe clutter. At times, the targets seemed unlikely to be real aircraft. The objects were electronically generated rather than being caused by weather phenomena. The targets remained stationary for long periods of time, up to 30 minutes, and then would accelerate to high speeds, reaching speeds in excess of 1,000 knots. Turns and maneuvers were abrupt and varied.

3. (U) According to the unidentified observer, the targets most often were irregular in shape, resembling saucers, and varied in size. Diameters were estimated to be from 30 to 50 feet. The targets did not always give identical radar returns from observation to observation, indicating that they may have varied in shape or their reflective qualities from one view to the next. The observed acceleration rates to high speeds, abrupt maneuvers, and disappearance at high altitudes were considered unusual. Atmospheric conditions during the entire period of observation were clear and no weather was present which could be attributed as the cause of the radar targets.

4. (U) The radar observations and visual sightings by the unidentified observer are not considered unusual; however, the high speed, abrupt maneuverability and disappearance at high altitudes are not typical of known aircraft. This incident indicates the possibility of some unusual aerial phenomenon in the area of Misawa AB, Japan on that date.

5. (U) Action to be taken: None. This report is forwarded for information purposes only.

UNCLASSIFIED