From opposite sides of the world come these very different tektites. At the left is a tektite, enlarged to twice its size, found by R. W. Wright of Magnolia, Texas. All pictures of individual tektites with this article are from the Smithsonian Institution, Washington, D.C.

Tektites and the Cyrillid Shower

JOHN A. O'KEEFE, Goddard Space Flight Center, National Aeronautics and Space Administration

THE LAUNCHING of more than 30 artificial earth satellites in the thirteen years since October 4, 1957, has given new impetus to the study of the oldest known instance of a natural satellite, or rather a group of natural satellites close to the earth. These were the Cyrillids, sometimes referred to as the Canadian fireball procession of February 9, 1913.

Many of that shower's phenomena are illuminated by physical and engineering studies, especially of satellite re-entry, that have been made in the last few years. This study of this shower also offers the possibility of explaining the origin of tektites, those strange and beautiful glass objects found in many parts of the world.

The Cyrillids aroused the attention of astronomers very soon after the event in 1913. According to Prof. C. A. Chant of the University of Toronto: "At about 9:05 on the evening in question there suddenly appeared in the northwestern sky a very red body which quickly grew larger as it came nearer, and which was then seen to be followed by a long tail. . . . In the streaming of the tail behind, as well as in the color, both of the head and the tail, it resembled a rocket; but, unlike the rocket, the body showed no indication of dropping in the earth. On the contrary it moved forward on a perfectly horizontal path with peculiar, majestic dignified

deliberation; and continuing in its course, with the head appearing so bright as an in the first case. They all seemed the same speed and were headed for the same point in the southeastern sky. . . .

"Before the astonishment aroused by this first meteor had subsided, other bodies were seen coming from the north west, emerging from precisely the same place as the first one. Onward they moved at the same deliberate pace, in

two or three or four, with tails streaming behind. Thereupon yet other tails for so bright as in the first case. They all seemed the same speed and were headed for the same point in the southwestern sky. . . .

"Several report that near the middle of the great procession was a fine large star without a tail, and that a similar body brought up the rear. Just as the bodies were vanishing,

As they passed over Toronto and in front of Omsk, the Cyrillids caught the practiced eye of an artist, Gustav Holm, and his wife. Now 94 years old, he was then an amateur astronomer and friend of C. A. Chant. His painting is courtesy "Varsity Graduate," University of Toronto.