F. DISTANCE: 1/8 - 1 mile estimated.

G. FLIGHT PATH: Each followed an identical Flight Path. Very unusual if they were meteors, especially meteors of this size which must be extremly rare. I do not think even large bolids are of this size.

Thus, you can see why a UFO Report was filed. In addition, if one takes into consideration the fact that both witnesses have probably seen many meteors before, yet did not even entertain the possibility and that similar sightings are being reported in the New England States at this time, he would at least be suspicious of the meteor answer.

I apologize for the length of this letter and do not expect an answer from your office is very busy at this time. I wonder if this sudden burst of UFO activity has anything to do with the close approach of Mars in March?

Enclosed are several newsclips for your information. I am enclosing a clipping from the Hartford Times which states that a local Planetarium was planning to interview them yesterday. Perhaps a full report will be at the listing. If so, a copy will be sent ATIC (ATN: Maj. Hector Quintanilla) from one of the two newspapers or a nationwide clipping service. I learn that he received a large envelop (9 x 12 size) full of UFO clippings last week. I learned from studying sightings as well. A Hawaiin who is studying the effects of electro-magnetic fields from high tension power line on electronic systems recently reported in this area of UFOs and in his spare time is working on some theories as to what kind of propulsion system would cause those side effects. I am sending a book borrowed in UFO reports. I have trained people some of whom have received "black market" information on UFOs. one of them has been contacted by many highly-technical men where I am employed and has received very favorable comments. NICAP may have its faults but you must admit it is doing a excellent job in spite of the lack of resources. Well, I've rambled on enough and will close now. Thank you again for your prompt response. I will be sending in some more reports soon, some of which are old but nevertheless interesting and may be of some statistical value.

Yours sincerely

Raymond E. Fowler
Chairman: Mass. NICAP Subcommittee

RBP/psf