There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text:

"DECLASSIFICATION OF THIS AIR FORCE DOCUMENT
IS PROHIBITED.

Gentlemen:

I have a very serious incident about one which I felt I should report to your organization.

On the evening of September 1st, 1955, my wife and I were outside enjoying the cool evening air and watching the sky for shooting stars. Shortly after 9:30 pm, we saw a very bright light moving across the sky from the east to the west. At first I thought it might be an aircraft, but shortly thereafter, the light grew dimmer and continued on its course. Shortly after that, we saw another bright light moving in the same direction as the first one. This light, however, appeared to be brighter and larger than the first one. It seemed to pulsate or grow dimmer and brighter as it moved across the sky. After a short while, this second light also grew dimmer and continued on its course.

The sky was very clear, with only a few scattered clouds here and there. There was no moon, but the stars were sparkling clear, although appearing to be rather small in the sky. The planet Venus was showing very brightly in the southwest as usual.

On the evening of September 1st, 1955, at approximately 9:30 pm, my wife and I were outside enjoying the cool evening air and watching the sky for shooting stars. Suddenly, we saw a very bright light moving across the sky from the east to the west. At first I thought it might be an aircraft, but shortly thereafter, the light grew dimmer and continued on its course. Shortly after that, we saw another bright light moving in the same direction as the first one. This light, however, appeared to be brighter and larger than the first one. It seemed to pulsate or grow dimmer and brighter as it moved across the sky. After a short while, this second light also grew dimmer and continued on its course.

The sky was very clear, with only a few scattered clouds here and there. There was no moon, but the stars were sparkling clear, although appearing to be rather small in the sky. The planet Venus was showing very brightly in the southwest as usual.

Very truly yours,"