The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting that occurred in Damon, Texas on September 3, 1965.

DAMON, TEXAS
3 SEPTEMBER 1965

TWO Deputy Sheriffs were driving south on Highway 36 from Damon, Texas. towards the horizon in the northeast, they sighted a bright purple light. The light was observed to move up and down and side to side. It appeared to remain stationary on the horizon about five to six miles away, and the northwest of their position was about 300 degrees. After a few minutes the light commenced to move horizontally, maintaining a more or less constant elevation. The light appeared to be accompanied by a smaller light, seemingly for purposes of guidance and control. 
The lights momentarily appeared to move in opposite directions before becoming stationary. The lights were observed to change in size, varying from a stellar magnitude of +1.2 to +3.5. The observers were unable to distinguish any other features other than the two bright lights. The car was stopped and the observers watched the object for several minutes. After a while the primary bright light on the left increased in size considerably and appeared to be approaching them. Highway 36 - the observers slowed down. and again the lights were viewed through the windshield as they approached. The lights appeared to move up and down, and sometimes a star-like effect could be seen at the far edge of the lights. The closest the object came to the observers was estimated to be at a rapid speed. The object then came up to the pasture next to the highway. The observers stated the object then appeared to take a course parallel to and about 150 feet above the ground, and then disappeared rapidly. 
After leaving the scene, the observers returned to the same area and again saw the bright purple lights on the horizon and the smaller blue light again appeared that of the larger purple light. After the file light moved to a position higher in the sky, the two lights moved in opposite directions and disappeared.
COMMENTS
At the time of the sighting Antares, with a stellar magnitude of +1.2, was
visible.