The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, describing various UFO sightings.

FLYING SAUCER INVESTIGATION COMMITTEE
Regular Meeting ---First Friday of each Month --- 8:30 P.M.
November 3, 1955 --- Central Y.M.C.A. on Center & Dodge Streets - Akron,O.

SIGHTINGS
Several sightings have been reported to the Committee during the month of October. Information is continuing to come in relation to the summer sightings, and the reports have continued into this fall season.

N.I.C.A.P.? investigators in the Pittsburgh,Pa. area have completed an investigation of U.F.O. sightings in that Corry,Pa.section, covering the past year. A few details on their findings will be discussed at the meeting. George could give us a picture of some of the findings.
It was also reported that several sightings of a red-orange colored object have been made by responsible observers in the Pittsburgh area. The object seems to slow down and move towards the trees over which it is observed. The trail was not visible by these observers. The sightings denies had been confirmed by independent photographers. The picture taken from an estimated one-fourth-mile distance.

Locally, a daylight sighting was made by two employees of Columbia Chemical of Barberton, Ohio (St. Rt.619), on October 8,1955. The time was 10:45 A.M. on Friday,the same day as the Corry,Pa. sighting. The day was clear and snid had observed traffic passing in the area at the time. The object hovered low over the field for several minutes before accelerating and disappearing in a westerly direction very rapidly.

A few moments later, as they crossed a part of the field, they pointed to a place considerably lower than the jet-trail and asked 'Remote what it was he seemed to notice some indication that it was the same object which had just passed. The sighting was described as oval-shaped and about 25 to 30 feet in diameter. It hovered over the field, then accelerated at an extremely high rate of speed to the north and approached until it took a secondary position at an elevation of 2 degrees and remained in that position for 12 seconds. It then charged again and became a long range object reporting from its observation to the northwest.

On August 11, 1953 at 6:50 P.M. Gary Tall reported seeing a clearly outlined round object he could not identify. It was a dull silver color. It came from the direction of the man-made moon only 3.5 degrees in elevation. It traveled at high speed for approximately 5 minutes then made a sharp turn of right angles to its original course. Its path was generally S.W. to N.E.

On July 10, 1955, at 2:00 P.M. Joseph Brakat was driving U.S. Route 21, near Chagrin Falls, Ohio when he saw what looked like a large silver football high in the sky. He stopped his car, got out, but there was nothing there to see. The incident was described as a bright mirror-like reflection seen for several seconds.

Cleveland,O.--Oct.9,1955--(1) 8:10 P.M.--Gold disk with rotating lights on edge, with a pulsating halo was reported to NICAP by Joseph Neumann under investigation.