The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MAY-JUNE, 1965
THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
PAGE 3

Man Injured...
(Continued from page 1)

He and comprised of pieces of material that had become imbedded in his back and shoulder, and caused some muscular and nerve damage. He had superficial burns on his face, neck, and arms, a dull yellow light, and the area under the wings was an orange-red color. There was an intense humming noise coming from the UFO.

Flynn was by this time about % mile from the object and estimated its height to be about 40 feet. As he approached it, he got within a few yards of the object and it began to oscillate slowly up and down. The dog he had ran on the buggy in a rage, approached the object and frantically ran around it, barking. The object then accelerated rapidly, raising his arm and waved. He got 50 feet from the object, raised his arm and waved. He got the object, raised his arm and waved. He got 50 feet into the lighted area, raised his left arm, and swung it over his head to try to touch the object, but it seemed he could not reach it.

There was a bright flash that filled the entire area from about 10 feet under the bottom of the object to the ground, and a burst of intense light issued from the object which Flynn felt burn his face and arms. He experienced an electrical shock and fell unconscious to the ground.

After 2 or 3 hours of unconsciousness, he awoke with a severe headache and sore throat. He was lying on the ground about the same distance he had been when the object had hovered. His buggy was still in the same position but the dog was gone. His watch, which had been running perfectly, had stopped. He got up and found no trace of the dog. The dog's howls were not heard again. The entire event seemed to have occurred within a symmetrical circle of burned and scorched grass around the object. The grass within the circle was burned at the ground and had a brownish appearance to about 1 foot high. Outside the circle, the grass was undamaged.

The next day, after 24 hours of unconsciousness, he had no memory of events, as he had no recollection of the incident. When his wife brought him food, Flynn drove his buggy back to his home and went to sleep. After 2 miles, he awoke to find that the buggy was off the road and in a cornfield. He drove to the home of a Seminole Indian named Henry Hayes on the reservation. Hayes examined his face and eyes and got some ointment to put on his forehead, where the skin was burned. Hayes said that Flynn must have been struck by lightning.

After 9 days, Flynn was still under a doctor's care, blind in his right eye.

DISCUSSION:
The first consideration in this case is, of course, the integrity of our witness, and unless definite proof can be adduced to the contrary, his story must be accepted as true.

The evidence indicates that Mr. Flynn for 20 years has been considered reliable and of excellent character, and the report of his experience seems to be completely free of embellishment and consistent with similar previous reports. There is, of course, the usual bewilderment and confusion experienced by the witness, and his statements indicate a complete lack of understanding of the phenomena he observed.

"I have known Mr. Flynn for 25 years and have always considered him a reliable and honest man," states Dr. Larson, the physician who examined him. "His story is not exaggerated and I can find no reason to doubt its essential truth."

Mr. Flynn was accompanied by his 7-year-old son, who saw the same object and corroborated his father's account. The boy was not injured. The physical examination of Mr. Flynn showed only the effects of the burns and the blinding of the right eye, but no other abnormalities. There were also fresh scuff marks on the soles of his shoes which may have been caused by the light from the object as he attempted to reach it.

"About the fourth day in the hospital, Mr. Flynn complained of hearing defects," states the report. "This cleared up in about 24 hours." When last seen about a year later, his vision in the right eye was still impaired, and he was again checked. No physical defects were found, and the impaired vision could not be satisfactorily explained.

The report concludes that "this was a genuine UFO sighting and it appears to be one of the better documented cases in Project Blue Book files. Mr. Flynn is still perplexed by the experience and has stated that he wishes he had never encountered the object."

After examining the physical evidence and the credibility of the witness, there seems little reason to doubt the essential truth of Mr. Flynn's account. While the explanation of the various medical terms may be somewhat confusing, the significance of the patina on the sole of the shoe and the impaired vision clearly indicate that Mr. Flynn was in close proximity to a powerful energy source. The fact that he was unconscious for several hours, that his watch stopped, and that the dog's howls were not heard again are all factors which point to the genuineness of his experience.