Meteors Due
To Shower
This Week

The Earth's best known meteor shower will occur here Tuesday through Saturday. The Perseid shower will reach its maximum display Thursday night, when scientists predict up to 40 meteors an hour.

Dr. Charles Malley, director of the Houston Museum of Natural Science, said the shower this year "will not be very easy to see because of a full moon." They will be seen as faint flashes of light at all.

He doubted the display—which he ruled out passage of the Earth through clouds of space dust—would add to the recent "flying saucer" reports.

"All I think of flying saucers is a newspaper story," he said.

---

HOUSTON CHRONICLE

DIAL TEXCHEM

IT'S SAUCER TIME AGAIN: "I understand there is a National Investigating Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP). How about joining it? Does it investigate unidentified flying objects?" asked reader Jr.

ANSWER: NICAP is headed by Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe. Keyhoe originally was a member of the Air Force's "Project Bluebook" which investigated reports of UFOs. He became disgruntled and said "The Air Force has a policy of only making statements about sightings that could be explained." The Air Force has an official regulation stating the unexplained sightings are not in its files. He resigned his commission and became part of NICAP. For more information, the address is NICAP, 1536 Connecticut Ave., N.E., Washington, D.C.

---

Texas

Meteorologist Claims
UFOs Just Reflections

DALLAS, Tex.(AP)—Dale Milford, radio and television meteorologist, said Wednesday he believes he has found the source of at least a large number of the unidentified flying objects—UFO's—.

reported in recent days. Milford, meteorologist for station KRLD, said he found confirmation of his theory to-day after an airplane flight in search of the phenomenon. His theory is that the UFO's are the reflection of light from a warmer layer of air between two cooler layers, called an inversion. The inversions can be seen by weather bureau radar.

Jo and Kent Bridie of the Dallas Morning News flew at 9,500 feet early Wednesday morning over a Dallas suburb, Richardson, to which they were guided by ground reports of flying objects and by the U.S. Weather Bureau.

Milford reported that he saw what could be called a "flying object." He said it was the reflection of a star.

The meteorologist said the object moved back and forth and changed direction horizontally. Milford said at one period the object, by reflection, remained stationary for two minutes.