The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a typed document that appears to be a report from the "Flying Saucer Investigating Committee" regarding several sightings reported during the month of October. The report mentions an investigation being conducted and provides details about the sightings, including the dates, locations, and descriptions of the observed objects.

FLYING SAUCER INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE
Regular Meeting ---First Friday of each Month --- 8:30 P.M.
November 5, 1965 --- General Y.M.C.A. on Center & Bowery Streets - AIRCO.

Several sightings have been reported to P.F.I.C. during the month of October. Information to them indicates that the winter sightings continued into the fall months.

Several reports have been completed on: investigations conducted by the county B.R.I.O.N. August gizH1965 - a good photo it shows a dark-like object with a flat dome on top and what seemed to be a row of lights underneath. The quality of the photo was poor and vague due to bad photographic conditions. The pictures were taken from an estimated one-quarter to one-half mile distance.

Legally, a daylight sighting was made by the employees of Columbia Chemical of East St. Louis Illinois on September 27, 1965. The day was clear and the object was said: Gerald Luers and Ernest Meovic were working outdoors in the yard. A second or two of quick maneuver on the part of the field,Luers noticed to a large brilliance or bright, chrome-like ball. It came out of nowhere to be described as "clearly outlined, very shiny, chrome-like ball". It came out of the clear sky, crossed overhead in an estimated 2 to 3 seconds and disappeared over the trees out of sight. No sound was heard and no trail was left behind. After it disappeared the men then saw a long narrow object dark in color, traveling very fast, coming from the general area where the first object disappeared. That fast moving object disappeared as soon as it was sighted. Both men was impressed that this was probably a good sighting and that what they saw was some unknown phenomena.

On July 31, 1965, about 9:52 p.m. (CST) Joseph Wallek, a clearly outlined round object the size of a basketball which had a brilliant bluish-white glow to it. This object was observed through binoculars and was estimated to be at an altitude of 1,000 to 1,500 feet and about 500 yards away. It hovered for about 15 seconds and then shot straight up at a high rate of speed and disappeared. Wallek stated that the object seemed to defy the laws of gravity.

Both men declared that if they were to have recorded a picture, an estimate as to the size of the objects would indicate they were at least 25-30 feet in diameter.

The objects intense brilliance did not change during its flight. No sound, trail etc was noted. Mr. Wallek insured the group that he had observed the object clearly and can swear to its strange appearance.