The image contains two photographs. The first photograph shows a white, disc-shaped object in the sky, and the second photograph shows a trail or "exhaust" behind the object. The text below the photographs discusses the authenticity of these UFO photographs and the process of evaluating them.

Following is the OCR text from the document:

New UFO Photos 27 Aug 65 Genuine
New photographs have been received by our agency, which contain what appear to be genuine UFO photographs. These UFO's were photographed at an Argentina location. They were certified genuine by three professional photographers who conduct extensive research in this field.
In the first, the bright spot at the left is the moon. The white disc-shaped object is believed to be a UFO. The trail behind it curves around and is believed to be a trail of the UFO.
In the second photo (same negative) the trail and "exhaust" are clearly visible.
Following is the detailed report secured by NICAP investigators:
(Continued on page 2, column 1)
UFO PHOTOS (Continued from page 1) 
The photographs were obtained by a professional photographer on assignment near La Plata, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. The photographer, who was skilled in analysis work, subjected the negatives to careful study and testing. He concluded that they showed a genuine UFO, and were not faked or retouched in any way.
Two other experienced photographers, working independently, examined the negatives and prints, and agreed that the photos were authentic. One of these was a news photographer from a Buenos Aires newspaper.
The NICAP investigators stated that the photos have been carefully studied and are considered genuine. There are no signs of double exposure, retouching or faking. The trail and other details are consistent with the motions of an actual UFO.
When the films were developed, the negatives were quickly claimed for official analysis by William B. Spaulding, chairman of Ground Saucer Watch, Phoenix, Arizona. Spaulder and staff members Robert Brown spent over a week examining the material in detail. They studied the photos, negatives, and related data.
To the best of our knowledge, and in our considered judgment, the conclusions of the NICAP investigating team are correct. The photos show all the graphic details and characteristics usual for a genuine UFO sighting - the disc shape, trail and other details. The photos show a typical metallic, disc-shaped UFO under clear conditions of visibility.
These conclusions were shared by City Editor Jack McNeil, Colorado Springs "Gazette-Telegraph", who examined the photos after the NICAP investigation. McNeil, who has had wide experience in evaluating both hoaxes and UFO photographs, stated that the photos showed a definite UFO and were not faked.
The photos have also been checked for by the Chief of Police, Richton Township, Rio. They were judged to be authentic and not tampered with.
As NICAP has stated, the photos contain no evidence of double exposure, retouching or other indications of fakery. NICAP considers these photos to be among the best UFO photos yet obtained.
While we cannot prove categorically that these UFOs are extraterrestrial in origin, the AF concession of 26% reality of UFO phenomena (with official 1947-67 statistics of 646 confirmed cases) lends some support to the contention that UFOs are real - and of great scientific interest.