There is no visible photograph in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report, likely from Project Blue Book, containing text describing an incident that occurred on February 8, 1965 in Elk Grove Village, Illinois.

Major Quintanilla  
3 June 1965  
Page 3  
Elk Grove Village, February 8, 1965  

to hear the NICAP people regaling one of the NBC crew members and apparently the Cadets closely with some real cockand-bull stories. They didn't know that I was listening. Along with the usual vilification of the Air Force and their secrecy, they were tossing around some real cordial stories about friends of theirs having gone to the basement of the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago, and wandering around down there, forbidden territory. That area is supposed to be "restricted". When the NICAP man went on to say that "Did you know that during the war the basement of the Museum of Science and Industry was the center of the security operations of the 1st U.S. Army," if that is true, those that were not in the know certainly were not "hipped out". The NICAP members showed out of their usual uncritical and indiscriminate manner that are basically very fair and honest, according to their lights.

We finally got away from there at 1:30 a.m. and the next day, in thinking this over, I came upon what is probably the solution.  

I asked the girl where the moon was and she stated that she did not see the moon, but that the sky was very clear. And she said she knew it wasn't the moon because it was too bright and too big and that it wasn't Venus for the same reason. Something wasn't right. The gasses did not seem to be the cause since there were no clouds, but we should check meteorological conditions on that day. Both this case and the Elmwood case will cause a great deal of comment since they will be aired before approximately a million people. And the documentation is quite good.

Reference to the nautical almanac for February 8 (she first said February 15, which would throw this whole case out of court), but it now has been established that she went to the doctor on February 8. The moon was exactly at first quarter (and this a very fine half oval), plus 13 degrees, which would have placed the "half moon" with the rounded western horizon and slightly to the north of west. Refraction and the directional line presence of this cirrus cloud bank could have given the impression of an inter-locking oval sitting over the neighbor's house. The directions given indicate that she was looking at exactly the first quarter moon at that time. The fact that she should have reported the moon and that she is excitable, and most people are not aware of how the moon looks at exactly first quarter, it looks at least twice as large as it normally does. This is large as it normally does. This is large as it normally does. Twice as it normally does.