DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

June 3, 1965


Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Box 9494
FTD Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

Sighting, Elk Grove Village, Ill.
February 8, 1965

This is an account of the NBC "Documentary on UFO'S" treatment of the
Elk Grove Village case. I was present throughout the entire interview
and filming, although I did not take part in it. The witness was a
[redacted] who is a photogenic girl of about 26 and reasonably
well self-possessed. Her story follows and then I'll give a few details
of how the filming was done.

She was coming home by herself at about midnight, February 8, 1965
(Feb. 9 ). (NICAP report says 11:55 p.m.) She was coming from a
doctor's appointment, a doctor who makes late appointments for people
who can't come earlier. She lives on a curved street called Harmony
Lane and as she was curving around toward her house, some four doors
approximately north of it, she saw a glowing oval of light over her
neighbor's house, more or less directly west of her. I determined the
bearing to be 275-280 degrees, magnetic. She stopped her car and put out
the lights and got in the [illegible]. Although she said object, she
pointed out that it was nothing more than two inter-connecting ovals of
light of uniform intensity that seemed to sway back and forth. She con-
tinued toward the house in the car without turning the lights on and
drove into her driveway which is in the front of the house, as it is in
many suburban type homes. This temporarily blocked her view of the globe
of light but she hurried over the icy sidewalk to the left of her house.
The house over which she said the light was, is just fifty or seventy-
five yards from her house and she was positive that the light was directly
over that house. She did not seem to get the point when I asked her
how she knew that it was directly over the house. It was over the house
and that's all there was to it. The house is fifty feet long and she
said the object was about forty feet long and was about twenty or thirty
feet above the house, although wherever she drew the light it was quite
quite close to the house, almost directly over the roof.

She said she stood at the back of her house transfixed at this sight,
but not at all frightened--there was no sound--and then, instead of going
directly into the house, which she could have from where she was standing,
she ran around to the front of the house again, fumbled with her keys,
finally got in, ran to the window, but the object was gone. She then