The image contains a document page from Project Blue Book, a former U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document appears to be a UFO report with the following details:

SUBJECT: UFO REPORT
ANALYST: T/Sgt MOODY
PI: KINNEY
DATE: 19 JAN 66

The document mentions that a positive identification of the object could not be made, as the photographs were of poor quality and the object appeared to be only a small part of the frame. There is a reference to the "image sharpness" of the object compared to the background and an unidentified object that was seen through the pilot's window.

As an OCR (optical character recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

UNCLASSIFIED
SUBJECT: UFO REPORT
ANALYST: T/Sgt MOODY
PI: KINNEY
DATE: 19 JAN 66
This report is in response to Work Order 65-69 submitted by T/Sgt D. M. MOODY, 48th Transport Squadron, on 12 March 1965. Taken in Saigon, South Viet Nam.
The photographic evidence submitted with this report consists of two frames of 35mm color film. The lower one-fourth of the frames was a positive identification of the object could not be made. The object appears to be a light source or maybe a reflection; however, the photographs were taken through a window and are of very poor quality, so that further analysis is very difficult. Some additional photographs were taken. The left side of the object as viewed in the photographs appears to be slightly blurred or out of focus, while the right side is in better focus. This may indicate that the object was not in the same plane as the background or that the camera was not focused properly on the object. The image sharpness of the object compared with the background and the fact that an unidentified object was seen through the pilot's window, together with an unidentified object thereon, including the shadow, in the object pictured, leads me to believe that the object was real and not a reflection or some similar phenomenon. However, due to the poor quality of the photographs, a positive identification of the object could not be made.
QR LLB RLC
UNCLASSIFIED
Saigon, Viet Nam
MARCH 15, 1965

Commanding Officer
Photon Incorporated
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:
Can you tell what it is? Looks like a small airfoil of some sort including a pilot tube; reminds me of a very unusual sort of power plant.
This is my only copy, please return.

Sincerely yours,
AAO TRAVEL OFFICE(AAM)
USQM
APO San Francisco, Cal.