There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a typewritten Project Blue Book report, containing a detailed description of a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

Notice a very bright object lighting up the valley somewhere between our house and the trees, approximately five or six miles away. I looked and had just seen the same object and we stopped to watch it. It had a pale blue hue and seemed to be about the size of a car but looked silvery and different from any planes or anything that I had seen before. It hovered and seemed to be outside the trees. I'm not really sure of the date but I believe the sighting took place on September 8, 1965. It took the object for about thirty seconds to disappear. As soon as it did I decided to call Mrs. [redacted]. It took me a minute or two to find her number and get everyone on the line. When I got the number, the light was still a fairly clear light but by the time everyone was outside, the light had faded to a pale blue and had an odd shape. Everyone seemed to agree that the object was a somewhat different shape, elongated, and described it as a different color or shades of colors, more like a car-like shape. It also seemed to be hovering and was transforming in a way. After a little while the light became less bright and went off. It seemed to be hovering and a transformer in the sky but no noise. A flash light that was located about a block away was directed up towards the object and it seemed to be moving in the sky. I would say the object was visible for about 15-20 minutes and was seen by all eleven people in our house. It didn't leave like an airplane; it seemed to move towards the hospital area in a visible manner about 11:30 p.m. And then again around 1:30 a.m. The second time we saw the object, it was about the same time, but we could not see it for that length of time. We heard the dissipation circular motion towards the end sometime around 2:00 a.m. We decided it wasn't going to happen again so we went to bed. The next morning we read in the newspaper that a Seattle couple had reported seeing a similar object around midnight near the [redacted] area.