I mention these 2 to to assure you that our Jecountites is a "bonafidc" problem item, who are genuinely interested in investigation and evaluation - unlike the "Saucer Cultists" and others who have unfortunately created a "secondary UFO problem" in addition to the main one.

Meteors, of course, were immediate suspects but because of the high caliber of the witnesses involved and their description of the object, it was decided that a UFO report should be filed. The following facts tend to negate the Quadrantid meteor solution, although, of course, they do not in themselves prove that the objects were not meteors.

I. THE QUADRANTID METEOR SHOWER

A. DATE:

1. Maximum - January 3
2. Minimum - January 1 - 4

B. RADIANT POINT OF: (i.e. Where they appear to emanate from)

1. General region of Constellations Bootes and Ursa Major.
2. In January 1965, this radiant point's apparent position of culmination(highest point above horizon) was between 2:00 AM and 11:00 AM in the morning at Randolph, Vermont.
3. At 5:45 PM, those facts should be noted a "light point":

a. It was located just above or below the approximate Northern horizon.

b. NE. these meteors could be observed at all at this time, they would appear to emanate from the Northern horizon in most cases.

c. Both witnesses observed the objects coming over the Western horizon and disappearing over the Eastern horizon.

C. FREQUENCY OF:

1. At 5:15 PM, the frequency of meteors sighted at this time would be at almost the lowest ebb because at this time we are losing in the opposite direction of the earth's motion in its orbit.

2. NHT observers observed 3 in rapid succession!

II. CHARACTERISTICS TENDING TO RULE OUT METEORS IN THIS SIGHTING:

A. SIZE: Between the size of a grapefruit or Foosball held at arm's length. I have yet to see or hear about anyone seeing 3 meteors in a row with this apparent size!

B. DEFINITION: Sharply defined, unlike a glowing meteor.

C. TRAIL: No visible trail. Very unusual for a meteor, especially of this size!

D. SHAPE: Each of the 3 objects were identical in shape (and size). There was no change in shape or disintegration such as is usually especially noted in large meteors.

E. ALTITUDE: An apparent 200-500 feet over the highway.