The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text extracted from the document:

March 25, 1965

Dear Sir:-

With regard to your request for information on U F 0 I with 
to report the following sighting:

Time : March 16, 1965  10:21 p.m..
Direction of travel North North East

As I was driving from Springhill, N.S. to Oxford, N.S. with my son was leaving 
a class at the Technical College in the city of Halifax, Province 
of Nova Scotia, and by coincidence I noticed a light in the sky which 
I thought was some sort of aerial display for the public.

After watching this for a second or so, the light appeared to be some 
sort of jet thrust pack further to the west, and then it appeared to 
some sort of violet bluish flame(like that of an acetylene torch) was
emitted from the craft, and suddenly the light disappeared, and then
the lights disappeared behind some clouds.

My conclusion is that I believe what I saw might have been a vehicle of 
some sort of some kind, light in front and above the three lightstages diagram,
that I had not previously noticed from me, and the lights appeared to be some 
sort of violet bluish flame(like that of an acetylene torch) was emitted
from the craft, and suddenly the light disappeared, and then the lights
disappeared behind some clouds.

My conclustion is that I believe what I saw might have been a vehicle of 
some kind, light in front and above the three lightstages diagram,
that I had not previously noticed from me, and the lights appeared to be some 
sort of violet bluish flame(like that of an acetylene torch) was emitted
from the craft, and suddenly the light disappeared, and then the lights
disappeared behind some clouds.

I trust that my account of the sighting will help correlate other 
reports on this unusual phenomena of this unidentified vehicle.

I have been at the Cape Kennedy operation while on vacation and
have witnessed some launchings, and during the latter part of January and
first part of February, I saw other rocket firings at night from Halifax, N.S.
The speed was too slow, and the height too low. Your comments will be 
appreciated at your convenience.

H. LILLY, Nova Scotia
432.45: busesmess
President of Corp 17 years.