There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

As it neared them, the brilliant purple light illuminated the ground and the interior of their car completely. The object appeared to be about 30 to 40 feet in diameter and was round in shape. It hovered over the car and then moved away very rapidly. As it did so it was seen to cast a huge shadow on the ground, and the officers could see it through the shadow.

As it reached Damon, the lawmen climbed down and decided to check the area. They talked to a Mr. McCoy, who was on his way to visit his brother, and he told the AF that he also had seen the object. Again, the sheriffs reported the object would start coming toward us, as if it were going to land, and then quickly swing away like a pendulum.

Later - near anything like it before," McCoy concluded.

"I haven't seen anything like it before," McCoy concluded.

The officers are not noted for being easily frightened. However, Dexter McCray and Deputy Sheriff S.P. Jones, of the Brazoria County Sheriff's Office, stated that they were awed by this experience.

Just south of Damon, Texas, about 26 miles from Lincoln, Nebraska, they observed one of a number of brilliant mysterious lights over the highway. At first they thought it was an airplane, but as they continued to watch, it became obvious it was something very unusual.

It seemed to hover over the road and hovered there, not moving for five or six minutes. Then it would dart off, go a little piece, and hover over the road again. It seemed to almost be playing with them as they drove along.

"I don't know how long it was there. It was just too damned strange!" one of the officers later told a USAF investigator. If was growing dark, the object had an amber or reddish glow, and it seemed to change position rapidly, according to the report. The object was sighted about 7:30 p.m., just as it was getting dark.