There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

17a. Color(s)? - Green and red
18. Was the object - a. Self-luminous? Yes b. Dull finish? Yes c. Reflecting? Yes d. Transparent? Yes
19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Yes
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length: a. Nickel b. Pea c. Silver dollar d. Grapefruit
21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? Morton
22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Morton
23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? As it got bigger became indistinct
24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with that of a conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards. If so, please elaborate. No
25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate. No
26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s).
27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch.
28. Name and address of other witnesses, if any: Harriet Allen, Ronald Whiles.
29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared, nearby roads, houses, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile. North
30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or private installation in the area? Yes East Trotwood
31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? No
32. Please indicate photographically, movies, slides, negatives, nose clips, etc. No
33. Do you have any evidence - photographs, movies, slides, negatives, tape recordings, drawings, paintings, or newspaper clippings related to this or similar observations? No
34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will increase other specialists' confidence in the report. If you prefer, we will use only your initials. Please indicate your preference. Please keep my name confidential.
Date of filling out this report: Nov 23, 1965 Signature: Maurice Sheean