The image does not contain a photograph. It is a newspaper article about UFO sightings and a statement made by the National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP).

Transcription of the text in the document:

SOURCE: Dayton Daily News, 12 JUL 65

20 IN 2 WEEKS

UFO Sightings
Up, Group Says

WASHINGTON, July 12—(UPI)—The National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena said last night that at least 20 so-called "flying saucer" sightings have been reported during the past two weeks, including some that were "unidentified flying objects."

A spokesman for the non-profit research organization said that at least 20 so-called "flying saucer" sightings have been reported during the past two weeks, including some that were "unidentified flying objects."

THE AIR FORCE, which keeps track of reported sightings, said it had no recent reports of increased UFO activity. A spokesman explained that UFO sightings reported in the past have turned out to be caused by natural phenomena, balloons or manmade objects, a spokesman said.

The Air Force added that because there is no definitive pattern to reports of unidentified flying objects, "they seem to be unreliable."

Richard Hall, NICAP director, countered the Air Force claims by saying "IT IS INTERESTING" that the Air Force is unable to find a pattern, "because it is staring them in the face."

On May 21, Hall said, a Japanese airline pilot reported seeing a UFO when it flew alongside his plane for 50 minutes, according to NICAP.

The pilot, Hall said, became alarmed when the UFO suddenly appeared at close range and affected the plane's air direction under control.

On Tuesday in Antarctica, British scientists reported sighting a UFO which sent back geometric instruments wild, Hall said.

He also said a day earlier electromagetic instruments had been reported watching at Santa Maria air port in the Azores shadowing for 15 minutes a UFO which was observed to come close and then suddenly accelerate and disappear from sight, "going like a bullet."