The image contains a photograph of a newspaper article titled "High Flying Object Identified By AF". The article discusses an unidentified flying object that was detected and investigated by the Air Force. According to the article, the Air Force has identified the object as a high-altitude balloon, and astronomy professors who investigated the object estimated its size to be 15 to 20 miles. The article also mentions that Air National Guard planes flew to the object over the search area and confirmed it was a large weather balloon with an instrument package in its tail.

Now, as an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

DAYTON DAILY NEWS, 15 JUL 65

Mysterious Flying Object Balloon, Base Expert Says

A mysterious flying object, about the size of a small balloon, was definitely not a jet plane, an Air Force expert said today.

The object, seen Monday night, was definitely a high altitude balloon, said MAJ. QUINTANILLA of the Air Force Project Blue Book, a special agency for undentified [sic] Flying Object investigations.

He said the balloon was launched on the East Coast and drifted westward in Pennsylvania and Ohio. There were numerous sightings in this area.

MAJ. QUINTANILLA said the Air National Guard planes flew close enough to the balloon to determine that it was a high altitude balloon. 

The major said additional reports about the balloon would be gathered and confirmed.

DAYTON JOURNAL HERALD, 15 JULY 65

High Flying Object Identified By AF

The Air Force has identified a high flying object which was sighted in Ohio Monday night as definitely a high altitude weather balloon, an Air Force's investigative agency for unidentified flying objects (UFOs) said he thinks has found 'the culprit.'

He said the balloon came from the East Coast, probably and Air Force station.

He said only, "We think we've got the culprit."

College astronomy professors who investigated the object said it was a balloon and 15 to 20 miles high.

Air National Guard planes flew to the object over the search area and reported it was a big weather balloon with an instrument package in its tail.

Reports from residents in Ohio, Pennsylvania, West Virginia and other areas indicates numerous sightings in this vicinity.