This image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of text from a Project Blue Book document.

Detroio. The crew had sighted an object
over 1 Illinois, at 8 p.m. on the 3rd. Steverai other radio messages were received from
allege. Sightings in Michigan, Canada,
and Ohio. The object which was first reported over
Lake Erie. When all the sightings were plotted on a map they
formed a line from the Great Lakes to the
Atlantic Ocean. This was explained as "probable" because a launching from an on
and Pete's island (see map). This agreed
with sightings from the 30 central area.

Port Clinton, Ohio. Although these sightings
were secondary, the locals were excited by thc
phenomenon, probably because it was
first in it. It was thought to be the same
as the 8 p.m. sighting over Lake Erie.

3. Port Clinton--on the south shore of
Lake Erie, Michigan. The fireball seemed to the
observers to be much smaller than the reports
past the fireball occurred south of the lake.
Bast the fireball occurred north of the laker
and the observers were convinced that it was
something it anyone had seen the fireball. No
one had, but many reports were received a few
minutes later of a fireball seen across the lake
from the east or northwest. This sounds
familiar and may have been the same
phenomena.

4. view of the small population of
the mid and Erie. the Island coast. This
land view shows the limited visibility at
the time. Only the tops of trees and a few buildings
can be seen inside as much as possible in December. It is not surprising that there were
fewer reports.

Calling Goschen: Gosben, on the
opposite shore of the lake, it failed to
give any definite reports. It is clear from
the accounts that the fireball appeared
about 30 seconds after it disappeared, they
heard a loud noise, but saw nothing.

Channing, who took the accompanying
photograph, did not arrive on the scene
until some time after the fireball had
disappeared.

It is clear that only one fireball cc-
curred and thatat least two communities
misinterpreted the data and reported two
separate events. There are several pages at the end of
this transcript.

This report, all was observed by many
people in Osisko, Ashtabula, Ohio about
40 minutes and 15 minutes respectively southwest and to the northeast. It was also
reported, both in southwestern Pennsylvania
and in northeastern Ohio. Everyone who
observed this phenomenon thought it was
unique.

There are several happenings associated
from the impressions of everyone the
fireball,, but almost everyone who saw the fire
ball agreed that it was "quite amazing."