The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the OCR output of the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? One of the objects seemed to disappear while we were parked on the highway. At first we were watching two objects, but suddenly one of them disappeared and we only saw the other one after we passed Rapid City, North Dakota.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): YES    NO    Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:
In my mind, An object before the one object disappeared into a cloud bank for a short period of time.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES    NO    Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:
The object could be seen again after passing through a cloud bank.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound: None
b. Color: no specific color except that shown by a bright light
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 
It would guess that a largest hole of light would have shown around the match head.
19. Of the picture you will show the shape of the object of objects. Label and include in your sketch any details plus some description of the color, size, rotations, etc., and especially show the trail that the object left. The objects were round in shape about the size of a basketball, moving silently and straight up, straight down, to the northwest, southeast and straight the object remained stationary, hovering for a moment, then moving in a roundabout direction. On one occasion while we were parked and watching the objects moved in on each other and as they neared each other seemed to bounce.