NICAP Massachusetts Subcommittee
13 Priford Court
Waltham, Massachusetts

31 January 1965

SAF-OIPR
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington, D.C. 20330

Attention: Major Bastion H. Jacks

Dear Major Jacks:

Thank you for your prompt return letter of 27 January informing me of the USAF evaluation of the UFO sighting made by an Oxford woodcutter and a Vermont State trooper - I as a probable observation of meteors, specifically from the Quadrantid meteor shower. There will also be for the quick-reference sheet for this shower and for other showers to refer to them thumbing through reference books. I will send a xerox copy to Dr. Bertron Woodill and the State trooper. A copy they will be sent interested in the original evaluation. I will ask for their comments concerning it and would send me a copy of such information commands concerning it as well. Somehow these 3 UFOs were meteors or not.

It is a fact that either 3 UFOs were meteors or not. Recent sightings throughout the U.S. are increasing at a phenomenal pace and many of them are taking place in the Washington, Virginia and Maryland area - right in your backyard so to speak. It realizes that the agency controls all UFO reports it must avail itself of vital and justifiable reasons for the present official approach to the UFO problem. After all, what good would it do to create more anxiety in the world, etc. May I suggest that a good initial step of it be their philosophy. However, I sincerely hope that some small bit of public information be forthcoming from the proper channels when public information has been and is being prepared for the general public when the public is not being prepared for them. What really disturbs me is that the public is not being prepared for them is that the public is not being prepared for them is that the public information seemingly is waiting until it has gotten so far out of hand and is practically is waiting until it has gotten so far out of hand and is practically is waiting until it has gotten so far out of hand and is practically obvious to you.

As a response to the USAF evaluation, I would like to make a few comments regarding our subcommittee and our evaluation of this particular UFO report. On our NICAP Massachusetts Subcommittee, we have an Aeronautical Engineer, an Advanced Radar Specialist, A Missile Launch, A Chemical Engineer, A Radiation Physicist, an Optics Technician, A former Air Force Officer, the former Chairman of some of those men hold key positions in the Electronics industry and are developing the Advanced Ground Electrical System for the USAF Minuteman Missile at Martin. One of these men has worked for the USAF on Heavy Radar and has held a position at Harvard Observatory in the field of Radio Astronomy.