The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

(2) Object sighted appeared in same location but on the next occasion it appeared to be a brilliant source and disappeared to the east. At first, the object became three white objects, but as it moved away the three objects were now six red.
d. Object sighted and observed through binoculars by staff section and on radar. Object moved about 4 miles in 30 seconds, about the size of a saucer, moved with a swirling up and down motion, white in color with occasional flashes of light.
Object was also observed on 31 August and 3 September. See plot number 4.
a. Object first spotted by personnel of the 551st USAF Medical Group of eight young civilians, whose hobby is scanning with a 50/100 telescope.
b. Object appeared low on the horizon, moving slowly. Its color was a combination of white, yellow, and red lights, sometimes four lights, sometimes close together with red, white, and blue lights. See plot number 42.
c. Object first sighted by personnel of the Air Force, who informed two Air Force Intelligence officers. The latter observed the object through binoculars. It was about the size of a 30/l00 telescope, and appeared to perform various maneuvers as if under intelligent control. The object's motion deferred from movements characteristic of meteors or other celestial objects.
3. The purpose of the object has not been determined. No evidence to substantiate its existence as a celestial body has been obtained. It presents a problem in astronomy and can present a hazard.
4. The weather in all instances was clear with occasional clouds.
5. Report was compiled by Lt. Col. Paul Totten, Intelligence Staff Officer, Offutt Air Force Base.
6. Accurate data concerning the locations of observers and directions of flight are included for assessment.
7. Analyze information as to whether this or the previous report may be a valid report of an unidentified flying object.
FOR THE COMMANDER

ELLIS R. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF 
Air Force Commander, South Omaha SAC Base