The most probable explanation, it an, meteorite coming into the atmosphere, pe ks, is that the Cyrillids were formed from such a body which had a sizeable number of revolutions around the earth. Presumably as a re sult of lunar perturbations, the perigee of the orbit into the lower atmos phere. His orbit then contracted, in the manner which has become familiar to all us in their artificial satellite: the semi major axis and eccentricity of the orbit decreased.

In each succeeding perigee passage, the atmosphere head is become greater, not only because a succession passes were slightly lower one above all, because each revolution lasted longer than the previous one, as the ship's eccentricity distributed passges.

Graphically, this listing became very great, and the body began to melt. Drops were swept from the surface. Some of these followed the main orbit out to a greater distance, formed earlier, were retarded more in accordance with the now familiar papers of drag retardation. These got ahead of the main body, and preceded it on the next (final) pass. The small said drops forms of milli-metric douds in the Milky Archi-pelago and named for the fact of millions, were seven aerial.

tekites themselves, Opik also provid ed for calculating the masses of the bodies from the integrated luminosities. Despite the rather fragmentary information on Cyrillid brightness, it appears that they had individual masses in the range of kiloties.

From detailed studies of the chemistry of the tektite, tentative conclusions cn be drawn. Their iron is sili, or nearly sili, in the reduced state (ferrous oxide). With solar furnaces working at the fusion tem peratures of tektites, F. Smiths and his coworkers at the National Bureau of

While investigating Moon Sound, Walter L. Height was astonished to see a group of ull reddish meteors moving from the west in apparently level flight. He observed one group of four or five bodies followed by a few scat tered ones, making a total of about 15. He was most impressed by the slow, measured speed of the flight, estimating the duration as 1½ to two minutes. Parry Sound is located about 120 miles north and slightly west of Toronto, quite far from the Chost trace.

[diagram showing landscape silhouette with dashed lines and dots]

Poura region Falls, 68 miles northeast of Toronto, Walter H. Stevenson counted seven bright, white "stars" in the first group, A in his diagram. They were closely followed by a reddish glow, like the glare from a fire. A bright white "ball" a B, estimated to be nearly as brilliant as ar planet Venus, preceded several reddish clusters marked C. A shower of red meteors, D, cov ered an area of the sky about 10 degrees in angular spread of a bright "cow" and passed less then hallway up the western sky. The entire display lasted so continuous these minutes.