The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from a document. 

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

JULY-AUGUST, 1965 	THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN

Antarctica...
(Continued from page 1)
While several hundred yards from the base, the object was moving on a zig-zagging trajectory toward the east. Its speed was that of several hundred miles per hour, and it passed at an elevation of 45 degrees over the horizon. The base personnel reported that it performed maneuvers which they described as being of tremendous speeds and altitudes for that time of year. During its maneuver, the object reached an estimated altitude of about 5 thousand meters. The meteorological conditions for the summer at that time of year were good: a clear sky, some stratocumulus, minor winds.
"The sighting was witnessed by the meteorological officer with 13 persons visiting the base. The observation lasted for 30 minutes and photographs of the object were taken."
"In the afternoon of the same day the same object was observed from the Argentine naval station moving away toward the north-east. The distance estimated was about 50 kilometers. The Chilean base also observed the object on the afternoon of that same day." Unusual Occurrence in the South Atlantic

"Any islands in the South Atlantic as the closest observatory in the Atlantic, indicate that there is evidence of unusual magnetic disturbances. Several terrestrial magnetism are obtained there, several instruments, magnetometers Kew and terrestrial inductors Schuster. The passage of the object was detected over the area. A great agitation and disturbances have been observed in these instruments because the presence of the strange objects in the sky. The technical conditions were excellent for observation - recorded on the magnetographic tapes according to the authorized statement of the meteorologist."

"The observer could follow the phenomenon visually observation for 60 minutes while the instruments recorded the disturbances for about one hour and two minutes. According to the same meteorologist, the disturbances have no natural explanation and could not classified in present system of meteorological parameters."

On July 6, the Argentine Navy Secret Patrol disclosed a second official report to

confirm the previous information on the sighting of an unidentified aerial object in the skies of the Antartic region. This "Contacts were made with the Commander of the Navy station on Deception Island, Daniel Perisé, confirmed the accuracy of his first report explaining that the sighting was observed by all the personnel under his command. He again affirmed that the apparent magnitude was, moving to the east with sudden accelerations and changes in course. The characteristics of the object, according to the information that it was not a star, a weather balloon or an airplane. Reverberations of the radar equipment on the base, including three Chilean subordinates from the Kruskov base, who were on Deception Island, had observed the object and needed medical care.

"Corresponding to attempts to photograph the object, the technicians affirmed that the circumstances were not favorable, due to low sensitivity of the film used, the distance and the darkness at the time of the sighting."

"On the other hand, information from the Navy station at South Georgia Is. is also of importance: during the passage of the object over that island, various disturbances in the magnetic field were recorded on their tapes."

The Chilean Report

The Ministry of Defense of Santiago, Chile, released to the press on July 2 a report on the observations of an unidentified aerial object, made by Commander Mario Jahn Barrera, the C.O. at that Base located at Deception Island.

The report states as follows:

"At 16:00 hrs. today, at 64.00 S., 60.40 W., an unidentified luminous object was observed by all the garrison. Avello 16:40 40Z:.*Unique."