There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

-22-
and thermally intimate to the superc onductor. If we assume these relationships to be perfect so that the specific heat of the 3nbZr is available, then the adiabatic dissipation of 3.5 M/ provides a temperature rise of 12°K. Unfortunately, the change in the resistivity of the copper with temperature implies a system time constant of about .6 sec. This sounds rather fast, so we will take advantage of the nonlinearity of the dependence of resistivity on temperature and add another 300 lb of copper to get a time constant of about 10 sec.
As we are constrained by the vehicle weight limitation, we will assert that this solution is satisfactory, though we recognize that the quenching problem constitutes a major development area in building the bigger magnet. When we have dealt with the lesser problem of decoupling the primary and ensured the local protection of the superconductor, we will examine the general effect of field cooling. If the 10 sec. afforded by -240 lb of copper proves to be impossibly fast, and something of the order of minutes seems reasonable, there are two alternatives. We can keep the copper in the temperature range of its residual resistivity by cooling it with liquid hydrogen from the target. A 300 lb copper shell, surrounding the windings for good coupling but thermally insulated from them, would take about .25 s to dissipate the field energy and boil off about 100 liters of LH2, a reasonable quantity in terms of the boiling heat transfer coefficient for hydrogen and the available area.
If this is insufficient, we can try another metal, like sodium, which generally surpasses copper electrically and thermally at low temperatures. About two orders of magnitude better in this application because of these properties and its low density. Taylor(22) at LRL, Livermore, has studied the use of sodium for cryogenic magnets and reports obtaining residual resistances of the order 10-9 ohm-cm in finished magnet assemblies.