This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing text describing an investigation into a sighting of unidentified objects in Lewisburg, Ohio on March 30, 1965.

From Sulphur Grove we proceeded to Lewisburg, arriving at about 1150. We had lunch and then went to the police station. From there a call was made to Mr Joe Tischer, Chief of Police of Lewisburg. Regarding the observation of unidentified objects on 30 Mar he revealed that he had been outside all night and did not see anything unusual. He carries binoculars. He had heard of no other reports from the area. He had not been contacted by anyone regarding this observation. 
As to Mrs James Jones, The knows her slightly. He has known her mother for 2-3 years and described her as "windier than hell", and feels that her report is just like Mrs Jones' mother to make up stories. He does not regard this type of report seriously. He has had one report of an Unidentified Object while Police Chief and this occurred two or three years ago. He looked at the object with binoculars and identified it as an F-100 with afterburner.
From Lewisburg we proceeded to the State Police Office at Greenville, Ohio. This office has jurisdiction for Preble county. Patrolman Don McCLee checked the State Police logs for the night of 30 March and no unidentified objects or unusual activities were reported. Patrolman McCLEE was on duty in Preble County (Lewisburg area) that night. Word of the Lewisburg observation did be passed to him when he comes on duty. A negative report will NOT be forwarded, however, if there were any reports of this nature or unusual observations by his or others he will call Major Quintanilla at Wright-Patterson and arrange for an interview if necessary.
From Greenville we proceeded to Lewisburg where an attempt to contact Mrs James Jones or Mrs Mary Jones was made. No answer on either exchange. From here we proceeded to the [redacted] (scene of the observation). Pictures of the house, lake and direction of observation were made, as well as the direction (reports) of the objects from beneath the window. A sure to the right of the initial observation was also photographed and directions in azimuth were made with a box pocket Compass Stock #6605-171-5121 (See Atch 2). PYD Form 164s were placed.