There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a report form with questions to be filled out by the observer.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.
REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)
This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers will be valuable in analysis. Answers will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please continue your answers on a separate sheet, indicating the number of the question you are answering.

1. Name Lavine Guest (age 15)
Address 59 Faxon Rd, Quincy, Mass
Occupation Pleasant street school

2. Date of Observation November 13, 1965 Time 11:30 PM Time Zone Eastern
3. Locality of Observation Civil Cjout camp Norton, Mass.
4. How long did you observe the object(s)? 4 Hours
5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky; i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, etc. No clouds, visibility good
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you. Moon about 11:30 - 12 north
7. If it was of night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? Yes, stars

8. Were there more than one object? No If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating relative positions.

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, changing color, leaving a trail, etc? Not revolving, clear, light
10. How did the brightness of the object(s) compare to the background of the sky? Brighter than background
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. Brighter than the moon
12. Did the object(s) - a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes come down and go back
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes come down and go back
c. Break into parts or explode? No
d. Drop anything? No
e. Change brightness? No
f. Change shape? No
g. Change color? No

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? No

14. Was there any wind? No

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid? No

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? Yes What kind? Humming buzzing sound

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) - a. Fuzzy or blurred. No
b. Like a bright star. No
c. Sharply outlined. Yes, very distinct