There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This is a typed document, likely an official Project Blue Book report form, containing information fields to be filled out about a reported unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in regard to the observation or an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses to give answers to 3a, do not complete report.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to NORAD.

3.a. Name                                                          Address: Houston, Tex.
    Phone                                                         Age 28 Occupation Dispatcher
b. Shape of Object     bright white light                      Color   bright white 
c. Size (compare to known object - jet, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger item)
d. Formation, if more than one   NONE                                 Number of Objects   1
e. Unusual features or aspect    NONE
h. Was there a trail, vapor trail, or exhaust?   NONE
i. What called attention to the object?     SEEN THROUGH WINDOW
k. What angle and elevation was the object on first observation? VERY HIGHSLIGHT ELV.

l. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared?  VERY HIGH
m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and was there any maneuvering of the object? STATIONARY
n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.) STATIONARY
o. Faded out quickly
p. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.)? 15 min
p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescope, binoculars, etc.) NAKED EYE

q. Time and date of sighting   21:24, 4 AUG                  
r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk)  NIGHT
s. Geographical position of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, etc.) SOUTH OF PASADENA
t. Weather (clear day, hazy, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.) CLEAR NIGHT
u. Temperature of day (90° etc.) 80°
v. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above:

3. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observation of the object.