Major Quintanilla
3 June 1965
Page 3
Elk Grove Village, February 8, 1965

to hear the NICAP people regaling one of the NBC crew members and
[redacted line] some real oddball stories about friends of theirs having gone to the basement of the
Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago, and wandering into a forbidden
region where they found "little green men", or at least models of them.
They were shooed out of this "restricted" area. When the NICAP man went
on to say that "Did you know that during the war, the basement of the
Museum of Science and Industry wasthe center of the security operations
for the U.S.?" If those were not his exact words, that was certainly the
sense of it, namely, that the basement of the museum was a super-secret
"hideout". The NICAP members showed out in their usual uncritical
form. Both these men, however, are basically likeable chaps and cer-
tainly fair and honest, according to their lights.

We finally got away from there at 1:30 a.m. and the next day, in
thinking this over, I came upon what is probably the solution.

I asked the girl where the moon was and she stated that she did not see
the moon, but that the sky was very clear. She said she knew it wasn't
the moon because it was too bright and too big and that it wasn't Venus
for the same reason. It wasn't the great white owl, which some neighbors
said it might have been, because owls move, and this didn't. She said
there were no clouds, but we should check meteorological conditions on
that day. Both this case and the Elmwood Park case will cause a great
deal of comment since they will be aired before approximately a million
people. And the documentary is quite good, have no question on that.

Reference to the nautical almanac for February 8 (she first said
February 15, which would have thrown this whole case out of court), but
it was has been established that she went to the doctor February 8,
the moon was exactly at first quarter (and thus a very fine half oval)
and it set in the Chicago region at 12:24 a.m. It's declination was
plus 13 degrees, which would have placed the half moon with the rounded
side largely pointing downward at about five or six degrees above the
western horizon and slightly to the north of west. Refraction and
especially the presence of a thin cirrus cloud bank could have given
the impression of an inverted-looking oval sitting over the neighbor's
house. The directions check out exactly. The sighting bearing was
273-230 and elevation was 10° ± 3. This was almost exactly the position
of the moon at that time. The fact that she should have reported the
moon and this globe makes it likely that she saw the setting moon.
There is no question from her general demeanor that she is excitable,
and most people are not aware of how the moon looks at exactly first
quarter when it is setting on the western horizon. It looks at least
twice as large as it normally does but generally has a deeper yellow or