[stamp: FILE U.S.]
[handwritten: 5 AUGUST 1965]
[handwritten: UFO #4]

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

HOUSTON, TEXAS
5 August 1965

HOUSTON POST - 5 AUG 65
150 CALLS POST IN 2 HOURS

You Saw UFO? Funny, That?

These UFOs are hitting the Houston area. About 150 persons called the Houston Post between 8 and 10 p.m. Wednesday to report sightings. About sightings.

They came in various shapes and sizes, some arrowheads, balls and one table top. One observer said they went in more directions than even the Ancient Mariner could have believed.

ALTHOUGH most of the callers were children, some speaking to an accompaniment of falsetto giggles, adults also reported a number of saucers.

One dignified-sounding lady who lives near Rice University said she spotted a gold-en, four-inch cover speeding upward in crescent." She wouldn't be named.

One small boy reported a bright object falling just like a star over the Dowdell Stadium.

ANOTHER reported an ob-ject with one red and one white light flying over his elementary school.

One man said a group of three red objects sped from the southwest to the northeast bottom in 30 seconds. One of them circled to the north and came back.

Red, green and white were the most popular colors for the unidentified craft. Although most rushed across the sky in straight lines, some wavered or wiggled, one fantasized, and another flew in a square.

NONE OF THE callers sounded drunk.

Radar operators at the Houston weather bureau and the Federal Aviation Agency at the Houston International Airport said they spotted nothing on their screens they couldn't explain.

Ellington Air Force Base ra-darman were unavailable for comment.

A 13-year-old reported a tense stand-off with one red and orange object over the backyard. "It dug up my flowers," he said.

ANOTHER MAN, from the Jacinto City area, took a defensive stand of being reading about these UFOs 'em to put below my bed, because of dust," he said, "and I didn't want something flying around night, and so did my wife and daughter and two sons."