The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report document from the Project Blue Book information officer at the Berg-Warner Corporation on an occurrence or phenomenon witnessed on July 1, 1965.

Berg-Warner Corporation
ROY C. INGERSOLL RESEARCH CENTER
WOLF AND ALGONQUIN ROADS, DES PLAINES, ILLINOIS 60018, PHONE 312-824-9131

July 26, 1965

Project Blue Book Information Officer
Maj. USAF (SAFOI-PB)
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

Recently I was witness to an occurrence or phenomenon of some sort which baffled me, but may be of interest to you as a Blue Book observation. This took place in Des Plaines, Illinois.

On the evening of July 1 at about 10 P.M. while waiting for a friend, I became engaged in watching some glowing clouds. As a result, at best, only a thousand or so stars were visible. While engaged in this stellar observation, I observed a lighted object maneuver between the clouds, at times come out and hover, and then retreat behind the clouds again. This was at about 10:25 P.M. after a few seconds of closer observation it was quite apparent that one was not looking at a star. The object seemed to be silvery in color and sometimes gave an appearance of two or three lighted points. Its appearance (size and brightness) was a trifle of the same order and somewhat brighter than familiar stars, but not exceptionally so. 

After about two minutes or less it seemed to have slowed considerably in velocity. After Z concentrated it is to be because the object's line of progress was at right angles with which to judge its pace of progress. As a check I noted the object's path to be at right angles with a distant fixed star. Next, the object seemed to "stand still" for a moment and then reappeared at another small star in the sky. Needless to say, I was a bit interested in this and continued to observe. I should like to add, however, that I was not overly excited or alarmed, but rather intrigued by the appearance and maneuvers of the object.

Between 5 - 7 minutes after I had determined its motion to have ceased, there occurred a series of short light flashes just to the south of the object. These were of the same brilliant nature as the object, lasting on each flash about 1/2 second. They flashed on and off several times, covering an area of about 40-45 degrees.

I watched for an additional quarter hour before having to leave. The object remained in view until I departed. As far as I can tell, if any change had occurred, the sky had clouded over and no stars were visible at all.