There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

HEADQUARTERS
4756TH AIR DEFENSE WING (ADC)
TYNDALL AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA 32403

19 FEB 1965

WODC-BO
Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) Report

TO: Foreign Technology Division (FTD) 
    Wright-Patterson AFB, OHIO 45433

1. A follow-up investigation was conducted at 0100Z to 0500Z hours, 10 Feb 65, at Florida State University, Tallahassee, Fla. Prior to the designated time, the Dean of Students at FSU, a Mr. Arnold, was contacted for assistance in arranging for the presence of all known and available witnesses. In fact, inspection of documents revealed that on the very day the incident occurred, a prominent notice in the college newspaper notifying the students of the time and place of the proposed interviews and urging personnel who were stations informed the public via spot news bulletins that Air Force investigators were in the area and desired to interview all individuals who could furnish information about the UFO.

2. In spite of this publicity means of notification, only one student, Mr. -- appeared for interview. His testimony appeared to be sincere and reliable; his description of the UFO was that of the classic "flying saucer" as depicted in movies. Another allegedly detailed sighting by one of two co-eds (who observed the UFO from a dormitory window but consented only two blocks from the ballroom), but consented to furnish the requested information via telephone. Her description appeared reasonably sincere and convincing. I would be inclined to place less credence in her story than in Mr. --'s.

3. Attempts were made to contact other witnesses listed in the original message. One source contained a fraudulent address and telephone number. Another was at work and his mother advised he would be home shortly and she would send him over to be interviewed; but that individual did not put in an appearance. All other efforts to locate witnesses and secure statements were unsuccessful.