The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a set of records documenting investigations of unidentified flying object (UFO) reports by the United States Air Force.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO) 
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in reporting the sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses to give his name or address, etc., simply state "person refuses".

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.

3. a. Name: Age: ____ Occupation: Address:
b. Shape of Object: Circular or disc-shaped
c. Size (compare to size basketball, baseball, basketball, or larger size)
d. Color: Whitish, reddish, yellowish, etc.
e. Number of Objects: More than one
f. Formation (if more than one): In line or cluster
g. Unusual features of object: Not clear, disappeared, vapor trail, etc. Any sound: None

h. Was the object's vapor trail, cloud, or smoke trail observed? No
i. What called attention to the observer: Object very bright
j. What angle and elevation was the object on first observation: First observation was near overhead, about 50 to 60 degrees.
k. What angle and elevation was the object on last observation: Last observation was disappearing, about 45 degrees elevation.

l. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared: About 45 degrees.
m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and were there any maneuvers of the object: Moved from overhead to south, no maneuvers.
n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.): Disappeared instantly, no direction.
o. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.): 12-15 minutes.
p. How was the object observed (naked eye, binoculars, etc.): Naked eye.

q. Time and date of sighting: 12:58 AM, 8/7/65
r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk): Night
s. Geographical position of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.): South of Pasadena, directly overhead
t. Weather (clear, day, hazy, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.): Clear, dark
u. Temperatures of day (80°, 90°, etc.): 80

v. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above: Satellite

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observations of the object.