The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to a UFO incident.

Information Only
Source: NICAP News, Vol 13, #1, March 1966

STARTLING CONTACTEE STORY FROM 1951 RECENTLY REVEALED: Barney and Betty Hill, of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, made headlines back in 1961 when they told a bizarre story of being kidnapped and examined by a band of humanoid beings. Now, some additional details have come to light on a similar case which took place in 1951 out in the Southwest. 

New Hampshire's white mountains on their way back from a trip to Canada, the Hills observed a disc-shaped UFO following them. They became convinced that they had suffered a strange encounter sometime during their trip, but the details had been almost completely blotted from their minds by a process of hypnotic amnesia. In a series of hypnotic sessions, the Hills were able to recover a memory of being taken inside the UFO and subjected to what seemed to be a thorough physical examination by humanoid creatures.

Similarly, there was a couple in the Southwest back in 1951 who had an almost identical experience, and there is physical evidence to the effect from that case too. The person involved made a tentative report about the incident at the time, but apparently the information was discouraged and the case was effectively buried and forgotten. Some years later, working with a sympathetic mental health professional, the persons concerned in this earlier case were able to piece together what had happened to them under hypnosis, and the results are very similar to the Hill case.

On a starry night in 1951, the husband and wife were driving back from an errand. Suddenly they noticed a strange aerial object approaching them at low altitude. As it drew nearer, it became clear that this was no ordinary aircraft. The object was a huge, elliptical-shaped craft, about 60 feet in diameter, with a central dome. Bathed in a soft glow, it made no sound as it hovered silently over their car for several minutes. 

Terrified, the couple watched as a beam of bluish-white light suddenly shot from the craft and enveloped their car. They were then drawn upward into the interior of the UFO. There, they encountered a group of bizarre humanoid creatures - about 5 feet tall, with large heads, pointed chins, and large, luminous eyes. They seemed to communicate with their minds. 

The couple were then subjected to what seemed to be a thorough medical examination, including the taking of tissue and blood samples. Afterwards, they were returned to their car - dazed, confused, and missing over 2 hours of time. 

The physical after-effects were strikingly similar to those reported by the Hills: both experienced a tingling sensation in the body, skin discoloration, and mysterious linear markings. The husband also found a small, metallic object implanted in his body, which was subsequently removed by a physician.

Apparently, the couple was so frightened and bewildered by their experience that they were reluctant to report it. It was only years later, when the Hill case was publicized, that they finally felt able to come forward and recount their own strange encounter. They have since undergone hypnotic regression, and the details of their experience are said to be consistent with the Hill case.

UNQUOTE