(NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY)

3 August 1965
Jonesboro, Arkansas

UFOs Move Into Area At Jonesboro

Camera Crews On Lookout For UFOs Over Arkansas

FORT SMITH, Ark. (AP) — Twelve UFO watchers saw an unidentified flying object today. The group convened at midnight on a mountain near Fort Smith in the urging of Delaney, a radio news man who said he had premonition about flying objects when he sighted some Monday night.

Two photographers were in the group Delaney helped to get proof that something was in the sky. UFO reports have been cropping up throughout the Midwest during the last week.

Delaney said Tuesday that he saw brilliant red and green objects moving across the sky Monday night.

He said another effort to photograph the objects will be made Saturday night.

Meanwhile, police at Jonesboro, in Northeast Arkansas, received reports that UFO's had been sighted over Jonesboro about 8 p.m. and again about 11 p.m. Tuesday night.

Nick Dowdy told police he watched five objects through a telescope. The objects were reported in the sky northwest of Jonesboro.

FORT SMITH, Ark. (AP) — more," Delaney said.

Camera crews engaged by a Fort Smith radio station will try tonight to get photographic proof that unidentified flying objects are in the air over Oklahoma and West Arkansas.

"We'll be shooting both color and black and white," said Tony Delaney, news director of station KFSA, who is himself convinced that something unusual is going on aloft.

Delaney said he and two others set up a UFO watch on Wildcat Mountain Monday night and made three separate sightings of strange flying objects.

"I went out there as a skeptic, but I'm not a skeptic any

Using binoculars, Delaney said, his party watched a group of four objects for about five minutes, a pair of objects for about 10 minutes and a single object for several minutes.

"We also sighted two aircraft and the three weather satellite," Delaney said. "But these objects weren't aircraft. They weren't meteors, either. Meteors fly in a straight line. These things went right, left and up and down."

Delaney said the objects were brilliant blue and green but changed to brilliant white under acceleration.