landed in the valleys with almost McIlane corresponded. But in the area of the expected second possible side to locate a single article pertaining to the shower, with the trivial exception of some reportings of a pre-observed dispute, from Buffalo, New York.

These negative results in no firm areas of clear weather on that night, lead to two important conclusions. They re-emphasize the idea, first stated in Chart, that the Cyrilliids were really so and near a great circle, and they make it very unlikely that any substantial part of the Cyrillid shower survived for another circuit of the earth.

The second conclusion gives us a significant clue to the origin of the Cyrillids. It means that they had been more ground than the earth as a family of bodies for very few revolutions, perhaps only one before the passage over Toronto on which they were observed. Suppose there had not subsequently in orbit for any revolutions before they were seen. Evens they would have different sizes and shapes, the drag by the earth's atmosphere could be different for each of them and would slow some more than others. Several instantaneous weights on the orbit of Sputnik I discovered that orbital lift of the drag of a satellite is inversely proportional to the drag coefficient. Since it is reasonable to suppose that the drag coefficients differed from one another by such a large a factor of two, some of the satellites would travel twice

To the master for this research, A. D. Mclane lent his entire collection of positive and negative replies to extensive inquiries along the Giant trace from Hanaford, New York to the Shower reports, all the Midwest region of a second possible tail, the turned into alone the wholly negative results of a search conducted by his father and his correspondent.

with the center of the planet. Because of the impossibility of such a shower structure, and our precedent arguments, we conclude that the objects of the meter: protestors of February 9, 1915, were the last stretch of the earth.

The outer Cyrillid is shown in a view of the system of bodies in earth orbits. Having been in orbit around the earth, most of the time since the first sighting, and hence cannot be named, like the Leonids, Perseids, or other showers associated with no comet, so far as is known they cannot be named, like the Geminella, like the Bielela of the Giacobinids, after a comet. The Perseids, on the other hand, which appear about St. Louis one's day (August 10th), were tra- ditionally called in Years of St. Lewis. result. On this precedent is based the same Cyrillid, the 6th of February being the origin of Cyrill's day.

Two attempts have been made to find evidence of a second revolution of the Cyrillids. The first and only right is from examining about 45 United States metro- politan newspaper, practically the all others not them which no one has, The first and second fall off the chart, were no records which can be found by Giant. They were reported in newspapers of February 13 in New York and Philadelphia from the crew of ships being there. But one obviously insignificant result points are In-

Results of a search through newspapers published at the time of the 1913 meteor procession, Triangles locate observers who reported seeing meteors, and indicate papers that carried no local reports.

centrated search along this projected path and many revolutions as others. Thus, the are compared with the work of Mclane entry of the cluster over the tower region along the Giant trace. Many of the place would be spread over a number of newspapers were examined by me, the revolutions equal to at least half the result is added investigative results by side by part of the cluster. Numerical intriga side side by side by any was kind to show why, an of which all the members of such a shower could disappear in one resolution.

[illegible section at bottom of page]