The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

At 1528, 31 Mar 65, Mrs. called from Rt 1, Box 210, Lewisburg, Ohio. She stated that at approximately 1520 she was looking out her front window and saw a bright object in the sky which was six or seven times brighter than the brightest star in the sky. It was stationary for about 5 minutes and then suddenly flickered and moved South as it moved rapidly backwards, all of a sudden appearing on the opposite side of the window, coming from the West was a plane. The object on the right of the plane was larger than the plane, looked through the South window for a couple of minutes, then reversed its course and headed North. She saw two streams of gold going up, looked like antennae as well as it was round.

At 1950, 1 Apr 65, Mrs._called from Lewisburg, Ohio called.
On the night of 30 Mar 65 her daughter, Mrs. , at 2200 was sitting in a chair looking Northeast. She first noticed a "hugh golden light" hanging in the sky. It was so bright she never saw anything like it before. It was a huge golden light, as bright as the sun, stayed at the same position for 3 to 4 minutes, then suddenly disappeared.

At 0930, 1 Apr 65, Mrs. called. On the night of 30 Mar 65 at approximately 10:30 PM her husband also saw the flying object moving North to South. He said the object coming North on a straight line, very bright, much brighter than the stars. Two large objects, one above the other and about 10-12 feet apart. They were slowly gliding and there was no sound. Two smaller objects near the large ones seemed to be slightly smaller than the ones on the horizon. Couldn't tell if they were on the same horizontal line, looked like a tower. It had to be miles away, it looked like 5 or 6 feet in diameter, much too bright to be a star. No plane, no clouds, no planes in the area. It seemed to disappear, looked like it might have been a tower, comparatively lower and perfectly lined up.