There is no photograph or image present in this scanned document. The text appears to be a detailed report describing a UFO sighting incident.

The text reads as follows:

THE SIGNIFICANT REPORT FROM FRANCE

G. E. P. A. Investigation

In the September/October issue of the FLYING SAUCER REVIEW we gave a bare newspaper account of this classic case from the Haute Alpes district of France. We compressed the story and left out many interesting details. Monsieur A, an electrician from Valensole, France, spotted a strange object on a field near his home at about 5 a.m. on 1 July 1965. This report is an amplification of the facts by our friend G. E. P. A.

M. MASSE was in his lavender field, a little north of Valensole, when his attention was drawn to a strange object resting on the ground about 150 yards from where he stood. This was his customary practice. He had not yet started up the tractor, which had been left parked beside him, and was lighting a cigarette, when he noticed a whirling noise. He looked up and saw the object, which turned out to be a sort of bell, resting on the ground, which had been concealing him and on which it settled down just beside him.

The object, M. Masse says, was about 5 metres (15 feet) in diameter, and in colour a sort of greenish-silvery hue. It seemed to him to be made of a sort of dull metal or alloy. At one side of the base of the bell-shaped object were three stumpy legs, about half a meter long, which supported the whole structure at about two feet off the ground. M. Masse goes on to say that he realized that this could not be one. He was confronted with a strange craft, which he estimated to be about 40 feet in circumference.

He was about to make some move when he noticed at a distance of about 40 yards, a little to one side of the machine, two strange human-like beings, standing motionless, gazing at him. He never fails each time to go over and over in his mind the picture which are very frequently recalled. These two figures seemed to him to be about 5 feet in height – they were slim and wore what appeared to be close-fitting suits resembling a big rugby ball, the size of an ordinary car, and standing on a platform the shape of saucers. they themselves gave M. Masse the impression of being there with the machine, though he goes on walking calmly towards it all the time, as if under some strong attraction.

As M. Masse got about 25 yards from the machine, these two men, or "humanoid," as he calls them, turned towards him, and one of them raised an arm, which seemed to have no elbow, in a gesture as though to stop him. M. Masse says that he was conscious of a sort of uncomfortable feeling, as though he was being observed and studied by these two men, who appeared intent on deterring him from approaching them. And thus he reaches a point five or six yards from the strange visitors, but these two who he at once points a sort of tube or "pistol" at him, which he interprets as directed to his movement. Could they have called out? To my question, he answered that he had not thought of that at the time. He was too astonished, too paralysed, to be able to do or say.

He can still at the moment describe what is going on around him. These two strange humanoid have no face in the sense of eyes, nose, or mouth – there is only a black visor, which gives them a sinister, inhuman appearance. The tube or "pistol" which one of them is holding on M. Masse is perhaps about 40 cm long. It is directed at him, and M. Masse has the feeling that if he makes one wrong move, so to speak, it will go off. The other humanoid stands motionless, but the one with the tube (or "pistol") makes a slight downward movement, as though to indicate that M. Masse must remain where he is.

M. Masse thought then that he was going to be seized, to be the subject of some sort of experiment, and he became aware that the whole incident had lasted, from the moment when he first saw the "machine" until now, a quarter of an hour. The use of his limbs seems to him to be paralysed, and he has the impression of a strange emanation or force or field enveloping him. He dare not move, so great is his fear. He thinks of his wife and children at home, and he would like to call out, but some inner force prevents him. 

He subsequently relates that the relative of M. Masse are explicit on this point: the door not coming when he has failed to return home at the usual time. Here he remains motionless, and goes on gazing at these strange visitors, petrified with fear. He tells him the machine that landed in his field, the one the two humanoid seem to belong to, does not make a noise, give off smoke, or produce any vapour or exhaust – it sits there silently.