The image does not contain any photograph or visual material. It appears to be a scanned document page from the Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

18. Was the object - Self-luminous ? Yes
Gulf-haze ?
Transparent ?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion?

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length: 
a. Thumbnail b. Dime c. Half dollar d. Silver dollar e. Grapefruit

21. Or, if smaller, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?

23. How did you first notice the object(s)? What drew your attention to it (them)?

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a pistol or rifle bullet at the same apparent altitude.

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, how did their actions compare with the object(s)?

26. Please estimate the elevation of the object(s) in the sky.

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on the hemisphere sketch.

28. Measure and estimate the direction and distance of the object(s) from any nearby landmarks or terrain features within 1 mile.

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction the object(s) was (were) first noticed, and the course (if any) it (they) took.

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area?

31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, where, when, etc.

32. Please furnish any photos, sketches, drawings, or other material (newspaper clippings, notes of radio or television programs, etc.) regarding this or similar observations. We will furnish any information, material, or assistance necessary to aid in the proper handling of such material.

33. Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official details given?

34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will establish your credibility as an observer and may lead to the location of other witnesses. If you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. In any case, please fill in all parts of this form. Thank you for your cooperation.

35. Date of filling out this report: X.X.66