Conversation of Dr J Allen Hynek and A2C Corum (A.N.), Weather Observer, Keesler
AFB, Detachment #22, Twenty-Fourth Weather Squadron (MATS) regarding his observa-
tion on 4 Apr 65/10052.

Corum was not aware of the fact that two naval air station personnel reported an
observation 3 hours earlier; they saw a ball of flame.

Corum saw two lights, they came in overhead, from Southwest and went
Northeast. Cloud layer was 1200 feet and objects were below these. Scattered
conditions, 5/10 thick to broke, varied. Object passed underneath the clouds, at
the northeast it faded into the clouds, went almost straight north, faded into cloud
and then came back. Obj seemed to stay at same level, speed did not vary, Corum
did not attempt to estimate speed. It was going fast. At beginning it was approxi-
mately 45 degrees altitude, azimuth 200-220; passed just to the North of zenith,
and disappeared at 30-45 degrees altitude 050 az. This gave object a total run of
about 90 degrees. Estimated time of observation as five to ten seconds. When he
first saw object he called another observer, it was no longer visible when he came.
When Dr Hynek asked Corum to re-enact the sighting for time, the time of honed
was seventeen seconds, coming to the conclusion that actually the observation was
15-2- seconds. When object got closer it looked like a dark oval, darker than the
cloud background.

Corum was asked if this night have been searchlights on the clouds. Reply
"Never saw four searchlights like that." He didn't hear any sound, doesn't know
where there would be searchlights like this. Light off water tower often reflects
off the clouds but this was quite different, he said. Still didn't think they
were searchlights, there was no reflection. Lights were of high intensity, looked
the same when they disappeared as when they appeared. Almost the same intensity as
as the satellites, kind of bright but not very bright at all, saw four lights. Was
not a satellite, too low, and four lights rather than one.

Asked Corum if he had any idea as to what he saw. Replied that he was worried
because he could've figure out what it was. Asked if he could compare it to any-
thing and place it up in the air: "A large football with lights, this might look
like what I saw." The outline was darker than the clouds and the object was
dark excent the lights, which were on the bottom, and were probably protruding
from the object. All were white lights, no difference in intensity of lights and
and lights did not twinkle. Compared to a street light that was on. Same intensity
of street light which was approximately 120 yards away from weather tower.

Corum never saw anything that resembled it, was shakenup, first thought it was an
aircraft and called FAA and they had no a/c in the vicinity at the time. Kessler
has no flying at night, unless it would be Coast Guard a/c, everything on flight
line is quite between 10pm and 6pm. And there was no sound.

Asked him if he knew of any searchlights in area, one report had mentioned search-
lights in shopping center. Told us that it wasn't a shopping center but at the
Broadway hotel four milesaway, they are not very bright they have never given
bright reflections, not even as bright as the water tower which is 1 mile away.
Regarding angular separation, "Thumb at arms' length did not cover the front and
end lights. Lights were arranged one on each end, evenly spaced with two in the
middle. Wind from 180 deg. Obj moving largely crossway to wind. Moonlight at
times, only one layer of clouds he thought, for he could see stars sometimes.