There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

NO CASE: Information
SOURCE: AFRO bulletin
12 Jul 65
Moçosinhos, Portugal

The text in the document reads as follows:

Portuguese - (Continued from page 3)
alternatively to either side, very slight.

In an attempt to estimate the object's size, Fernandes said that when he stretched out his arms and extended the object to cover the space about 20 inches between his hands. Because we do not know the height of the trees nor the elevation of the object, we have made no estimate of its actual size. Fernandes estimated that the object was close and very large.

Fernandes estimated that the object remained stationary about 3 minutes, then moved at high speed. He noted that when the object departed there was no acceleration - it was as if it had been a bullet shot from a gun. Fernandes said that when the object disappeared there was a great deal of static from the time the object first showed up until it sped away. It is thought that while they had been listening to the program they had been listening to could be heard clearly again.

Three days prior to the Fernandes sighting, on the 9th, a story came out of the Azores concerning a jet which was observed by personnel at the Santa Maria Airport in the Azores.

The Air Force rather vague, but fortunately FATE magazine inquired in the incident via United Press International and considerably more information was learned. It is from this account that some of the following information was gleaned:

The object was apparently cylindrical-shaped and one of the first eye-witnesses to its passage over the island was Artides Arruda, a 31-year-old gardener at the Pera Norte Hotel. At 4:30 p.m. on July 8th, Arruda was returning from the hotel, and spotted the object. He said he thought it was a balloon at first, because it was brown colored and ellipse-shaped, moving from southeast to northwest. The ground wind was generally opposite.

Another observer was 28-year-old Richard Godbold, a civilian radio expert working at the USAF Base in Flores Island and currently assigned to Santa Maria. Godbold had no opinion concerning what it was, said it could have been a balloon. A technical driver also saw the object but could not describe it in a way which would help to identify it.

In the FATE story, UPI noted that Lajes Airport officials strongly silent about the object, with a "no comment" on the matter. The initial news press had mentioned the fact that the electro-magnetic clocks at the airport had stopped while the object was in sight, and the pilot sighted the object. However, later press reports said no such thing happened.