The image does not contain any photographs, but rather text describing technical details of a magnet used in a project. As an OCR system, I will output the full text found in the document:

for the 11" di. magnet by winding it with 2 lb wt wire tension on the surface of a 7 1/2" dia steel shell provides enough axial magnetic field strength to provide static stability against the collapsing pressure of the windings. This spherical shell is 2 cm thick and weighs 930 pounds, bringing the coil weight to 920 pounds.

The stored energy in the field generated by this magnet is 3.5 MJ. 

If this wire carries 20 A, then the inductance is 1.8 x 10^-4 H. This offers no problem so far as energizing is concerned; a 200 V, 4 kW supply can do it in about half an hour. If the magnet is de-energized or, in the worst case, quenches, the situation is not so pleasant, as one must avoid locally unsealing the wire or bringing the field down so fast so as to distort the coils or adjacent apparatus.

The way to obviate the problem of quenching is to spread the disturbance gradually as possible, in the case of a large magnet, let the field collapse at a safe rate. The curves can be accomplished by providing high local thermal conductivity to a sink of high specific heat and by breaking the coil electrically into many shorted sections so as to promote the quenching generally by mutual coupling. The field can be made to decay slowly by providing a very well coupled secondary of low resistance and a short primary time constant so as to decouple it from the energy. Fortunately, this is easy to do in a large coil because the fraction of total volume taken up by windings is small.

The time constant, to, of a spherical shell of resistivity, y, with a current distribution appropriate to the uniform field does not depend on the number of turns in the shell and is approximately given by

To = 2π x 10^-9 y/p M

where M is the mass of the shell of density, p. The 140 lb of copper cladding on the wire is an almost ideally-coupled secondary, as well as being electrically.