The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old technical document or report.

We have had contacts with a few european colleagues : Dr. de Jager (Utrecht), Dr. Neven (Brussels), Dr. Muller (Geneva). They are interested in our effort to design such an equipment, and they plan to use later on on our gondola, in collaboration, to study specific problems.
 We shall use a 35 cm diameter Cassegrain reflector (see fig.I, mirrors M4, M5) installed vertically in the gondola and receiving the solar radiation from a plane mirror (M1) accurately guided by a servo-mechanism to maintain the solar image fixed. The white gondola will be oriented in azimuth by a flywheel actuated, from simple commercial sensors, with an accuracy of a few degrees.
The orientation in declination and the fine guiding in azimuth will be obtained in moving only the relatively light plane mirror. The spectrometer, installed also vertically, parallel to the telescope, will be an Ebert-Fastie of 2.5 meters focal length, equipped with a Bausch and Lomb "echelle" grating of 102 x 205 mm, working at 63O, double-passed with an intermediary slit. It will use a mirror of 40 cm diameter and work at about F : 18. A good PbS cell, cooled with liquid nitrogen, will be used, to reach maximum resolution. In some flights, a broad-band source associated with a fixed thickness Fabry-Perot in an auxiliary optical path through the spectrometer will give fringes useful for accurate interpolations of lines positions.
At the beginning, for the first flights, we shall probably not use a very elaborate guiding system : to study the center of the solar disk, an accuracy of + 5', which is easy to obtain, will be good enough. What we keep in mind is to preserve, from the beginning, the possibility to add later on/ various developments : association of a scanning Fabry-Perot interferometer in series with the spectrometer, in order to obtain higher resolution to observe the profiles of some solar lines and installation of a very accurate guiding system for center to limb variations studies.