HEADQUARTERS [FRANCIS E. WARREN AIR FORCE BASE, WYOMING]
FTD 900COP

20 SEP 1965

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)
TO: AFSC (FTD)

1. Reference AFR 200-2, as amended. The following described unidentified flying objects are an addition to our report of 6 August 1965.

2. Description of Objects: The reported objects are plotted on the attached maps with descriptions as referenced in subparagraphs below:

a. Reported by civilian guard at Sioux Army Depot to Golf Launch Control facility, where Air Force personnel observed with binoculars. The first sighting began at 2145 local time, and the second sighting at 2220 local time. The latter sighting consisted of two objects moving approximately one mile apart. Objects were the size of the North Star, pale yellow to white, and moving rapidly about 30 degrees above the horizon. See plot number 1.

b. Reported from Hotel launch facility and observed by nine military personnel with the aid of binoculars. See plot number 2.
(1) The first sighting was of an object the size of a star which appeared to the Southeast and traveled Westward, disappearing to the Southwest. Object was at 20,000 feet, very fast, and reappeared at four 15 minute intervals on the same course.
(2) The second sightings were to the North of the observation point. Object was slightly less than the size of a pea but appeared slightly larger with each successive sighting. Resembled a luminous glow, white to yellowish in color, semi-circular in shape, and the last sighting appeared to have a trailing white glow. On four occasions, there was a roaring jet-like noise at some distance behind. Notice some similarity to following report on same night by another group.

c. Objects reported by three airmen of a Geodetic Survey Team, who observed them with the aid of a theodolite (equivalent to a 40 power telescope). See plot number 3.
(1) Object appeared to be twice the size of a pinhead, appeared in the middle of the Big Dipper and moved on course as indicated. When seen through the theodolite, object became three white objects grouped as shown on plot.