The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document detailing UFO sightings and investigations.

Transcribed text:

FLYING SAUCER INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE
Regular Meeting -- First Friday of each month -- 8:30 P.M.
November 5, 1965 -- Central Y.M.C.A. on Center & Downey Streets - Alconoy.

Several sightings have been reported to FSIC during the month of October. Investigation is continuing to come in relation to these sightings, and the committee has continued its field investigations. Allyn Wade reported on his investigation of the sighting and getting of a photograph of a U.F.O. taken in Poway County, Calif., on August 8th, 1965. This photo is shown & discussed with a diagran to its trail which was not visible on the first film. The picture shows a clear outline of an object discernible against the background.

DAYLIGHT SIGHTING
Daylight sighting was made by two employees of Columbia Chemical of California. Distributing Chems Co., in Sunnyvale, during the day was clear and mild. Gerald Rugent and Ernest Kasevic were working outdoors on their assigned to adjust a high-intensity jet used for welding a home under construction. A few moments later, as they crossed a part of the field, Rugent pointed to a silver disc consideration larger than the jet, which turned them to observe. It was hovering at an estimated elevation of 200 feet.

Kasevic didn't see it immediately but when both men saw it, they observed that it was about 30 feet in diameter and about 10 feet thick, metallic silver-gray in color, and edge appeared smooth with no visible openings or controls. It came out of a northerly direction and approached until it took a position directly over the jet. It remained, hovering silently for about 2-3 minutes. Suddenly, after the elapsed time, it made a sharp 90 degree turn to the east and accelerated at a very high rate of speed, disappearing from sight in a few seconds.

On August 11, 1959 at 6:30 P.M. Gary Toll reported seeing a clearly defined, round object with a metallic silver color. It came from the west and took only 3 seconds to move from an elevation of 30 degrees to horizon. It gave off an intense blue-white light and later was noted to have emitted a trail of blue-white flame.

On July 19, 1965, at 2:00 P.M., Joseph Restak was driving on Drank St., near Cole's Flower Lane. The day was clear and cool, with a few clouds. Through his windshield he saw a silver, metallic-like object hovering very low and emitting a hissing sound. This object estimated to be about 50 feet in diameter. It remained hovering for a short time and then accelerated straight up at a very high rate of speed and disappeared, leaving no trail.