There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image shows a typed document with text describing various UFO-related events and incidents.

UFOs
(Continued From Page 0)
The sheriff's office in Cleveland, Tennessee, said lights were seen on Saturday evening scattered over the county and were investigated by deputies. The object gave off a great deal of light, about the size of a basketball when seen, and moved in an erratic manner. The incident was similar to one reported northward on the same night.
Near Wayuwood when police investigatea 1,000-yard illumination, the Air Force found traces of a high-altitude electromagnetic disturbance attributed to natural causes.
PAYING
(Continued From Page 0)
obligation to say only what they have found. He did not say they have found a "flying saucer."
We told them the five or six cases we have been working on (meaning we have not found anything to prove they are "flying saucers"), Certainly we were most interested in the investigation because of the public curiosity, but we cannot make a statement beyond what the facts justify. Dr. Adkinson's real estate investigation is not finished. His findings will be made public, after completion, in a factual report.
Tony Zeto, 38, named by the Oklahoma City Planning Commission as chairman to study the UFO problem, said, "It was our understanding that this group was to proceed under simul taneous instructions from the Air Force." He said there were procedures under sim ilar official investigations.
SOUTH
(Continued From Page 9)
Did a jet or other aircraft leave sudden marks on the ground near Oklahoma City? According to published reports, some marks were found.
After an investigation as long as since May, here's what the Air Force had to say about that:
"Just for a strange feeling over here - not much else. We don't know what caused the marks." The Air Force closed the case.
If the marks were made by a jet aircraft, that would not have been unusual or outstanding. Jet aircraft do occasionally leave marks on the ground, but the Air Force found nothing of significance there.
What is significant is that the public would be informed and reassured by any factual statement from the Air Force whenever the public interest is aroused by newspaper or other media publicity. It seemed like a long time for the Air Force to determine "not much else" as the final conclusion in this case.
It logged like a "dead-end" from the public viewpoint, even though it may have been a routine and proper Air Force procedure.
The opinion declared that the Underwood investigation would not be made on the basis of an assessment prejudiced against the Air Force. The committee wanted facts for the public, not opinions. It was determined that Underwood would not be assessed against the city.