The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper clipping reporting on a sighting of a "flying object" in the Sunnyvale, California area. The text of the newspaper clipping is as follows:

Balloon, Or?
Under "The Saga of Flying Objects:"
Scene: The office of a Napa Medical Group doctor on Lincoln Avenue. The time is 3 p.m. Wednesday.
Action: Dennis Dwelly, 6, is about to have the doctor's office told that his grandmother when the physician reports to administer the child's medicine.
"Dennis," says the doctor, "I'll hold it for you in a minute. Look at that thing outside in the sky. What is that?"
A glowing white object, elongated in shape, is floating in the sky. It seems to be divided in two parts, one end and white on the other.
Dennis walks out and looks at the strange object, lets go of the doctor's hand and lets go of the balloon.
Grandma: "Look, the atmosphere certainly makes the balloon way up there look weird. It's floating up and down, isn't it Callicga?"
Dennis: "Sttangra."
Scene: Near a home in the Bel Air section. The time is about 3 p.m. Wednesday.
Action: Housewife and others see what they call a strange flying object at about 3 p.m. Wednesday. It is elongated in shape, about 25 to 30 feet long, and silver and white on one end and white on the other end, and had no wings, although the flying object might have come from outer space because it made no sound, indicating it could be powered by antigrivity force.
Action: Voice at the Napa Register office Friday morning.
Action: Voice that does not wish to be identified says the flying object without wings, that made no noise, silver-colored, and was fixed on one end. 
Voice states the object coming south from California, veered over Los Angeles area, then south in direction of Napa County Air Port.
Problem: Was there any connection between the sighting Wednesday at Lincoln Avenue and the sighting Wednesday at Bel Air section. Did some other youngster go to the doctor yesterday? Or, are the incidents absolutely unrelated? No one seems to know for certain, but there are no other explanations at this time.