The image does not contain any photograph or visual content. It appears to be a page from a written document or report.

6.
several people who claim to have seen a fireball over Manhattan during the November 19th issue of Time Magazine, taken from stockus and a full description given. The New York Journal-American carried the identical report. Shows what appears to be a bell-shaped UFO hovering over Manhattan! (See page xx.) On November 13th, the New York Journal-American carried a story about a "huge fiery object" which was observed through the night moving across the sky between New York and Pittsfield, Mass. Gary begins by quoting one E. Lesley G. Lozinger, "International Director of the department-afflated saucer phenomena, Organization in Tucson, Arizona" further on, this is referred to as a "private group co-operating with the government". The sighting appeared to be less garbled, however, than most U.F.O. reports.

The mass of the article is less garbled, however, and is confirmed by other observations. A similar object was seen in Oriskany Field near Syracuse, N.Y. was attempting a landing tat that field, when they abandoned a flight in the sky, it first Ross thought it was a building on fire, but then it proved was over 100 feet long in diameter. The entire incident was personally diminished in size according to Mr. Ross, and there were no longer any landing lights on the field. He was informed by the central tower that they did hear the flights but he was not given much information.

Mr. Ross calculated that the fireball appeared at a point where the New York Power Authority's two 345 kilovolt lines were coming from Niagara Falls to lower New York State.

At 10:20 PM the Clay Substation in Yonkers which is a normal load dispatch center went dark. This, they claim, was entirely automated. The disaster throughway Company that planted disaster tree line failed to uncover any trouble along them.

Jeanne Dixon, the famous seer, reminded the public that she predicted two years ago that New Yorkers would have the "blackout" and that she believes the incident is by to be construed that the Russians were going to cause a blackout.

The dispatch that Mr. Ross a blackout puzzle piggies up. The American and Russian Diplomats were out with a far-out rumor to the effect that the blackout was caused by the hacking of a computer-controlled Russian electrical missile system. There is no evidence that this is true. The point at which the fireball was sighted coincides with many places where the electrical lines were damaged, destroying any enemy missile within range.
 The question of the embers which would have accompanied this fireball is significant. Some newsmen have suggested that the embers were caused by the burning out of a power transformer, but this seems more like an effort to give an accidental explanation to a phenomenon which may have sinister implications.
was even built. The Defense Department had looked into the case, but I am told that it was totally insignificant. from the military point of view, totally insignificant to me.