The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting that occurred in Urbana, Ohio on August 30, 1965.

URBANA, OHIO
30 AUGUST 1965

At approximately 2315 to 2330 hours, three observers were traveling south on U.S. Route 68. They noticed a slow-moving object in the sky, which they called a "UFO". This object was traveling in the same direction as the car. The driver of the car slammed on his brakes to prevent hitting the object. This action appeared to be in reaction to the object and the object appeared to slow down and move off in the direction of travel.

The object was about five feet in diameter, and was approximately the same color as a star, glowing. It was noted by the observers.

Since the object was in view for only three or four seconds, the driver stopped the car and opened the door to get a better view, but the object had disappeared. While time was being lost in Closing the door, the object was seen to rise vertically and disappear about 300 feet above the ground.

The object did not fluctuate as if it was moving along Route 68. There were no sounds audible and the object appeared to be going straight up and down.

Another witness in the car stated he did not see the object. He said the object was moving about as fast as an aircraft. This witness stated the object looked like a disc-shaped object with a domelike projection on top.

COMMENTS
The initial portion of the sighting has the characteristics of being a conventional object. However, the object was described as being very slow and very low. The speed and elevation of the object is conflicting at this observation point. It is more reasonable to believe the object went directly up. The difference in observation between two witnesses caused some concern. Driver's reaction may have been illusory, however it is alarming to all observers. The observers continued to watch the object as it was going south along Route 68. One witness maintains he saw the object vertically moving very rapidly, another witness maintains a much slower pattern of movement, speed and elevation varying greatly between the two observations.

From the information received, no concrete explanation is available and the case is carried as unidentified.