The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a written report or document about a UFO sighting.

U.S. Department of the Air Force
Washingtom, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I have been rather hesitant about writing this letter feeling that you know what I am going to tell you anyway. I am feeling that you don't know them and you should.

I was awakened about 3:30 AM last night (or morning) which I would say was caused by a propeller driven aircraft flying over at about 1000 feet. There was no sound, just bright amber lights which would cross over the sky in an irregular fashion, faster than 150 mph and any higher than 500 feet. The sky was perfectly clear and I would guess if it wasn't quite a distance away it would have been a very small object as an observer. After a period of perhaps 10 to 15 minutes of this activity the lights suddenly extinguished. My attention was then drawn to the north by a series of orange-yellow lights pointing toward the ground and arranged in this fashion - - - the middle light being the brightest and seeming to pulsate in a fairly rapid manner. There were at least 4 or 5 of these lights and they seemed to descend down toward the surface of the earth or either go behind something on the horizon. I looked but I am sorry I didn't.

On the evening of the 9th at about 9:30 PM I was outside on the back porch and watching the sky for anything that seemed a bit unusual. Sure enough, I noticed the sky over the horizon had a very strange glow and lighted area which appeared to be about 30-40 miles away. I noticed the glow was about 15-20 degrees above the horizon and seemed to be pulsating, changing colors and size. After observing this for about 15 minutes, I became alarmed - the lights seemed to be increasing in intensity and flashing and changing colors which I have never observed in any normal aircraft or satellite, although the sky was perfectly clear. The lights were about the size of a half dollar when held at arm's length and were orange, green and red in color. The glow seemed to be at an altitude of about 1500-2000 feet and was the size of a dinner plate. I did not observe any trails or sound. The lights seemed to be slowly moving and pulsating. After about 15 minutes the lights suddenly extinguished and a very small light appeared and seemed to dart up and down and to the right and left at incredible speed and probably the same distance. Needless to say, I was quite amazed and watched this for about 10 minutes. The red and green lights went off to the - and I lost sight of them.

I am convinced I have observed something that is not Conventional and I would appreciate any information you could give me as to what this might be. Edwards is just too far to the SE from here, 50 miles or so by air, I guess, and my opinion is that these are not conventional aircraft or satellites hovering or flying over this area. I have never see anything like this before.

Very truly yours,