There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting report.

M/R: 3 FEB 65 

At 1500, 3 Feb 65 Major Jacks called Sgt Jones and wanted to know if we received a message from Tyndall AFB, Florida relating to a UFO sighting over Jacksonville and I said no, he told me to call Tyndall to find out what it was or what action they were taking on it. 

At 1510 I called Tyndall and the Operations said they sent it to the Command Post, in turn. I called Command Post and they said they sent it to 100-2 Section at Gunther. Called 100-2 section and spoke to a sergeant there who said they would find out all information about this sighting and call us back. When talking with 100-2, Major Jacks office called and wanted to know what I had found out. Told them Tyndall sent it on to 100-2 without taking any action. She said to call them back and tell them that in accordance with AFR 200-2 they are responsible for the investigation.

At 615 recalled Tyndall and spoke to Capt Harnburger who said to call the Commander of the Command Post, he transferred my call to that office. Spoke with Lt Col Robinson, he said they were trying to get up to the Commander to see if he wanted to make the investigation or not, and he would think about it. I replied to him that Major Jacks office wants to know what action was being taken on it before closing time. He said he would call Maj Jacks himself. I then called SAFOI and told Sarn that the Colonel was going to call her before quitting time.

At 1625 NORAD called me back and Capt Whitman from NORAD (33rd Region) read the message to me which had been sent to them from Tyndall. Whitman said he didn't deal with it when it was there responsibility to take the action since Tyndall sent them the message and about 9 other stations received it before them. Whitman said that on the same day that they received the message they informed Tyndall that Tyndall should make the investigation. I (Sgt Jones) do not know what Tyndall's action was.