The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old Project Blue Book report. As instructed, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce all the text found in the document:

Flying Objects
(Continued from page 1)
As the object continued, its speed increased and it moved up and down in the sky. Then the object stopped suddenly and seemed to hover for a while. While hovering, the object appeared to expand and contract in size. After a short time, it sped away rapidly out of sight.
Wayne said the lights prompted the changing and varying in color. At times the object appeared to be a bright white light. At other times it seemed to be red or blue-green in color.
Watching the object in a sort of circular motion as it moved, Wayne and the others said it was difficult to estimate its exact size. However, they stated that at its apparent largest point, the object seemed to be the size of a car, about 25 feet in diameter.
After observing the object for 20 to 25 minutes, some of the neighbors called other persons living nearby to come and see it. Several other people came out and also observed the object. However, Wayne said that after they arrived, the object moved away and disappeared.
Wayne said that after the object had gone, he would discuss the object with the neighbors to see if they had also seen the same thing. Most of the neighbors said they had observed the same object and described it in much the same way.
Wayne said he had an interest in the subject of unidentified flying objects and had done some reading on the subject. When he observed the object at length, he felt it was definitely not an airplane, helicopter, star, planet or any other known object.
Monday night, Wayne again saw the object and reported it moved overhead and then appeared to stop and hover for a time. He said it then sped away rapidly as before.
What, if anything, the object may have been is not known. Neighbors who saw it were unable to offer any explanation for what they observed.