There does not appear to be a photograph present in the document provided. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, containing a series of questions and responses related to the observer's experience with a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1200 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 9 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In the suburban section of a city? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? 35 mph 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sunglasses Yes No c. Camera Yes No d. Binoculars Yes No e. Telescope Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when pictured up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you are reporting.
It appeared to be an aluminum plate or saucer shaped object that was brilliant and metallic with a peaked or rounded dome shape in the middle. It was traveling at a very high speed and altitude and would reflect sunlight. It appeared to be round and disc-shaped.