The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be the front page of a publication called "Saucer News" which is the "Official Publication of the Saucer and Unexplained Celestial Events Research".

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

NON-SCHEDULED NEWSLETTER #22
March 10th, 1965

WE REGRET TO ANNOUNCE the recent death of Manan Darlaine of Hermosa Beach, California. 
Born in France, Madam Darlaine was a long-time researcher into psychic and saucer phenomena, and closely associated with many of the leaders in the flying saucer field in the early 1950's, notably the disappearance of "saucer" researchers from the Bethune-Long Island area in 1953. She was in constant correspondence with leaders in this field during those times, corresponded regularly, and considered by those close personal friends.

RED PHOTOGRAPH study: On February 11th, a farmer named Sid Padrick told newspaper reporters that he had seen a red-colored saucer-shaped object on his farm near Hollister, California. He said this object "came within about 150 feet of me and hovered for a few minutes". Padrick then ran into his house to get his camera but, by the time he returned, the object was gone. He did say that the object looked like normal human beings of about six feet in height were standing or working around the outside of it. Padrick had seen such objects before on his land, and felt that they had been there before, as there was a sort of pathway worn on the ground where they landed. More details on this incident will be in our forthcoming June issue of SAUCER NEWS.

SAUCER SIGHTINGS CONTINUE: Sightings of unidentified flying objects are still pouring in to our office, regarding the "Saucer Flap" which began in late December, and which seems to be continuing without letup. We have hundreds of reports of luminous objects, disc-shaped craft, etc. as being seen in the sky over many areas. We like to plot these sightings and looking like a "planning board", as it enables us to get a better picture of what seems to be going on. Another sighting was made the same night at the foot of a mountain, and this UFO had sparks flying from it, and was heard to explode. A small fire resulting from the explosion was put out by forestry personnel.