There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 10 - 15 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) e. In an airplane (type) Control tower cab  

23. Were you (Circle One) c. In the open country?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) b. Northeast 24.2 How fast were you moving? - miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) No.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Any) a. Eyeglasses Yes b. Windshield Yes c. Window glass Yes d. Telescope Yes e. Binoculars Yes

26. Is there anything else about the object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give it the same appearance as a possible or probable cause for it, as for instance, a plastic balloon with the heat from its burring, the flare being suspended below it an opening in the balloon.

TEXTUAL OUTPUT:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 10 - 15 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) e. In an airplane (type) Control tower cab

23. Were you (Circle One) c. In the open country?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) b. Northeast
24.2 How fast were you moving? - miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) No.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Any) a. Eyeglasses Yes b. Windshield Yes c. Window glass Yes d. Telescope Yes e. Binoculars Yes

26. Is there anything else about the object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give it the same appearance as a possible or probable cause for it, as for instance, a plastic balloon with the heat from its burring, the flare being suspended below it an opening in the balloon.