Unfortunately, there does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text only, with no visual images or photographs.

Transcribed text from the document:

(6) Q. How far is your home from us? A. We are not in terms of miles or days. We operate in terms of light.
(7) Q. How long did it take you to get here? A. Many hours.
(8) Q. Have you been here before? A. Yes, to this place.
(9) Q. Why are you here? A. For exploratory purposes.
(10) Q. Have you ever been attacked? A. No, we have not this and you (11) Q. Are you alone? A. No, look out this special visitor with you, (this navigation draft observed to be long distance away and high in the sky and looked like the one he was in.)
(12) Q. Do you have means of attacking anyone? A. No, this craft is strictly peaceful.
(13) Q. How did you pick me for this experience? A. We have the first person on board this ship. We have invited many before but they were frightened away.
(14) Q. If I were a scientist could I have learned more on earth? A. No.
(15) Q. Have you ever tried to communicate with the countries of earth? A. No, we still had this tendency to attack without warning.
(16) Q. Will I ever see you again? A. We will return again. You will be undetected because we know the movements of your ships and your cloads cover. We can remain as long as necessary.
He was given a tour of the space craft and saw other space craft as the original spaceman was the only one that could speak English. During his new variations language he was not able to understand them. The spaceman told him that they have the same God as we do, but they call him something else. Also their bodies defy gravity and there is no disease, no hunger, no aging and no death. During the time he was aboard, the space ship took off and returned temporarily to another location but there was no chance of moving from one location to another. During his communication by spaceship language, they told him that they come from another galaxy and are part of a larger movement to monitor activities on earth.