NCIC                File with 2-3/Aug/65

RE-EXAMINATION AND ANALYSIS

SUBJECT: UFO sightings 2-3 August, 1965, Valontino, Nebr.
as reported by Judi Dana Hatcher in "Report of
Unidentified Object or Phenomenon."

OBJECTIVES: To check all possible data on the scene and
to fill in data gaps in the original report.
Much of the original report was written in California
and object positions, etc. were determined by memory.

GENERAL RE-EXAMINATION: Object positions were measured at
the scene of the sightings and, for future
reference, plotted on the panorama. This was
drawn so that, when held at 22° from the eye
the objects in the skyline have the correct apparent
size and position, and the objects therefore the
correct positions in the sky. In cases where
the objects were not viewed from the point from
which the drawing was made, corrections have been
made for the apparent position change of the
objects. (Note: this applies particularly to
objects B and B. In the report objects B are
said to be moving behind a tree. From the
panorama point, they were not.) As a check,
the apparent elevation of several landmarks
was measured from the panorama point. This general
re-examination resulted in some corrections of the
original data.

CORRECTIONS: (as down on ppAorama)
Object A: Minimum elevation, 73°; maximum elevation
20°; max elevation photographed, 18°;
approximately due west.
Objects B: Minimum elevation, 10°; while rising over
house; minimum final elevation, object B₂,
20°; maximum final elevation, object B 53°;
distances between objects B, B₁ 40; B₁,B3
3°; B2, B3 1°; B2,B₄ 9°; B₄, B 12° upon
rising; final object distances (in same
order) 3°, 2°, 1°, 6°, 8°; NNW to NE,
arcing path.
Objects C: maximum elevation, 15°, NW, between
Dipper; movements: object C became
visible and moved to meeting point in
10-15 sec. traveling approx. 30°, angular
speed, 2 to 3 deg/sec. similar for object
C: stationary for less than 1 sec. and
disappeared in less than one use, fading
out while moving over treetops indicated
on panorama.
Object D: minimum elevation, approx. 8°, maximum
elevation, 23°; no photo (see examination
of photo B.)