There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

ALLEGED INVESTICATIONS

I first learned of the Wynnewood sighting at 9:00 when a police captain told me he had observed an unidentified object going southwest. Within an hour I arrived at the Wynnewood Police Station and talked with the chief of police who showed me the first information he had received from a C.P.O. and reported it to be "strange". I called Mr. Pryor, another of the officers who stated that they had no previous knowledge that anyone in town had observed any unidentified object. Police suggested that we go over the case in detail. When a reported from Ada, Oklahoma was talking to his wife and child and stated he could not be disturbed. I told them that I had the official report on this case and after you give us any information you may have, I was permitted to enter the home and talked about 10 times. They had observed something in the sky and Tulsa. While I was there a reported from the Sunday Oklahoma City, when said to Oklahoma City stated he had been there and I talked with him. He asked me to call him as soon as a returned to Oklahoma City when I could enter the case in detail. He did not want to return to work (works the night shift - could have) informing. He has been with the for about 3 years. He believed the object to be a aircraft. He has served in the Army and knows what the objects were and to report all objects that they observe. But not much about the UFO if it in general. At first he would not talk but after I told him I have the official and Army report on this case and after you give us any information you may have. I was permitted to enter the home and talked about 10 times. They had observed something in the sky and Tulsa. While I was there a reported from the Sunday Oklahoma City, when said to Oklahoma City stated he had been there and I talked with him. He asked me to call him as soon as a returned to Oklahoma City when I could enter the case in detail. He did not want to return to work (works the night shift - could have) informing. He has been with the for about 3 years. He believed the object to be a aircraft. He has served in the Army and knows what the objects were and to report all objects that they observe. But not much about the UFO if it in general. At first he would not talk but after I told him.