There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text describing a UFO sighting and investigation.

UFO Case: Report on phone call to Mrs. Kiel, Wisconsin, October 18, 1955, 15-20 minutes.

She had sent a letter to NASA and had received a reply to the effect that the letter was being referred to her former and then-often happy and very grateful to have a response: very glad that someone had bothered to make any kind of reply at all. She feels that her tiny money does some good!

The sighting was actually July 6, 1955, rather than July 7, because she got out her diary while I talked with her, and she knows it was July 6 because they had a frost that night. How you have frosts in July, I don't know, but she says they did. At any rate, the following was as described:

She's very fond of watching the satellites go by and makes quite a practice of watching the sky. This evening she watched them, and as dusk was getting toward the zenith, she glanced to the west quite low on the horizon where about as old as people sit down when they see a little brighter, but it was pulsating as though somebody were turning a dimmer switch on and off. It was about one flash per second, or somewhat less. 

No other colored lights visible, but this object, she said, did not go straight across the sky but followed a circular course. There was absolutely no sound whatever, and the sky was very clear.

It traversed the area way across to quite low in the east, so total of perhaps 1 90° in less than a minute. It stopped then and hovered, and the motion was completely stalled out. She said the "balloon" was expanding and the winds were approximately 30-35 miles per hour--on a calm night, no less--and the object was just hanging there.

She was, however, positive that there was no moon, but at 9:30 p.m. this event took place. It should have been moonlight somewhere in the southwest. She doesn't remember the stars either, but she didn't say the sky was very clear. Perhaps she just took the moon and stars for granted!

Her own observation: She is the "salt of the earth" type, not boasting any particular education, but nonetheless, quite articulate and well spoken. She wanted to know when she could see the object again. The light did not vary in average brightness, and there was no red, green, or other colored lights at any time, just a whitish light, familiar with both props and jets that fly by, and with their lights, and with their notions and that this definitely was not a plane.  Furthermore, she says planes fly straight across the sky and do not follow the diurnal arc of the heavens.