There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing a "sighting" that occurred. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

residue of leaves. This type of litter is very loose and could be easily moved by a strong air displacement. This material was distributed throughout the area of the sighting, right up to the edges of the holes reported as indentations from landing gears or as the result of a heavy object landing. The photograph of one hole recorded by a photographer from the radio station.

I believe that the foregoing is important for a number of reasons:

(1) If a "heated gas" type of propulsion were used in a reported vehicle, it is most probable that a residue of this nature would be evident, or at least present a scorched appearance. There was no evidence to substantiate such an expectation.

(2) If any form of high velocity jet were used for propulsion, it is expected that a pattern representing the thrust impact of this. Imprinting upon the ground, as reported, would have been discernible. The residue reported (as mentioned) it is expected that the loose sand in the area would be disturbed in a definitive manner. Observation of this condition was negative.

Thus, if a "sighting" did actually take place, the unknown vehicle must have included a form of propulsion unknown to our science, as of this date.

B. Measurement of Hole Spacing and Compass Orientation

I had included a 6-ft metal tape measure and an Brunton type of compass orientation equipment for the trip. Lt Goettie and the AF Sergeant measured the separation distance between the holes as recorded, and also the compass orientation angle. These results have been sketched to scale on the accompanying sheets. This measurement confirms the relative angular orientation that was observed to be approximately 135 degrees magnetic north.  

As to interpretation of the measurements, it would normally be expected that the support legs of a circular vehicle would be equally spaced. However, it is evident from the measurements that this is not the case.

2