The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

MEMO FOR THE RECORD: CALL FROM MAJOR QUINTANILLA, FROM THE WALL STREET JOURNAL, TEXAS

He had talked to Major Quintanilla of his sighting. He was asked to call back at the office during regular hours to discuss this matter.

Sgt Moody gave him the figures which were reported to the air force. He only investigated reports made to the Air Force. Told him that a case may contain 5-50 pieces of data but the investigation is not completed. He asked how many people worked on the program and how long does a person work on an unidentified case. Since each air base does its own investigation there is no set number of personnel working on cases except for the ones here at Wright-Patterson and Lackland. We feel that some of the scientists and technicians are worse. It would be nice if we had the time and knowledge of what happened then to go back and reevaluate these cases. The Spokesman said he realized that this was impossible. We have had bigger studies at universities at government expense. That is the general purpose of this program. (1) Security such as a threat from a missile. (2) Scientific and technical information, satellite-always, ball lightning. (3) Public relations angles - news reports, because if a lighting is reported as a UFO this creates things. A sighting is reported as a Sunday but does not appear to be a significant then the reporter would not make final report until Monday. We have had one case and I understand why this year. A very small minority are hoaxes. We never doubt the witnesses work. No effort is made to ridicule the person making the report. Explained that the statement regarding stars was in error. The statement pertained to the elucidation to hunting and fishing for the time before 2100 to 0300 hours, not in Oklahoma at 7 pm the night before. We don't know of any Air Force data being sent up. A check with ADC regarding missiles being sent up should be made if he is interested. When he mentioned does his feature article he will send us a copy.