There does not appear to be any photograph or image contained within the document. The image provided seems to be a page of handwritten text.

REPORT

This is Jerry Leonard here on the scene at Brooksville. I have a witness who was on the scene when this spaceship landed in Brooksville.

Hello, this is ---- here, when I went out to the woods yesterday afternoon about five till two and I was, I saw this here flying saucer. It was about twenty to thirty feet in diameter, and it was about six feet thick. I believe, roughly, six feet thick, but the sound above the ground about four feet on four still-like, like landing gear. And then there was this here, and then I went around and I was going around on the other side to get a closer look at it, I decided and I went around the other way but I got within less than a 100 feet from it. So, the IIIII got in the bushes and come out and II was and I happened to look over there and seen there was a robot, this here like a robot, he was about five feet tall as he had/a glass dome on his head and then the eyes were a kind of gray were kind of funny too. They seemed like they were far apart and flat in the middle, but the nose was down, the same as we are. The chin came like to a point, pointy chin like, and then did mine and he walked around down to where the space ship was and he turned a came around and walked up and up up to where the bushes and within 15 feet from where I was, where the bushes were. I was outside those bushes there scooping down, looking out and I stopped there for about a minute and a half, two minutes, then I finally saw he brought something up. Well I figured it was a camera, he brought it up to about up to his chin about that level, and then there was a big flash, and then about by that time then you know, I got kind of scared, you know, I took in the end I started to get out of there, you see, and theseeseeeheehehe branches hhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeee in there and I hit upon my head as I come out by glass fell off uh the I was laying right on the ground right along the side these