The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a photo analysis report from Project Blue Book. The report describes an unidentified flying object photographed in Tulsa, Oklahoma on August 2, 1965. The report provides details about the photography, including the fact that one Kodacolor negative and one 8" x 10" color print were obtained, and the quality of the photography is described as "Good". The report then goes into a detailed analysis of the object, including its physical characteristics, size, and the atmospheric conditions at the time of the sighting. The report is approved by various officials, including Henry W. Brean and Richard L. Chance.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NR 66-21
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION: TULSA, OKLAHOMA, USA
DATE: 2 August 1965
PHOTOGRAPHY: Good
P-NRS: One Kodacolor negative and one 8" x 10" color print
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Journal 5 October 1965
1. PURPOSE: This report answers Work Order Number 66-43 submitted by Major H. Quintandilla, Jr., IDAP/UFO, requesting a photo analysis of an alleged unidentified flying object photographed at Tulsa, Oklahoma on 2 August 1965.
2. ANALYSIS: The following analysis represents a joint effort of the Photo Processing (PP) and Photo Interpretation (PI) Sections of the Exploitation Division of the Directorate of reconnaissance. The analysis indicates the object in the photograph is quite clear, sharply defined, and displays a definite metallic sheen, reflecting light from the sun. The object is estimated to be approximately 50 feet in diameter and to be approximately 500-600 feet in altitude, based upon the apparent size of the object and the topographic features in the background. The object appears to be stationary and exhibiting no visible signs of motion other than occasional wavering of the metallic sheen, possibly caused by atmospheric turbulence. The object casts a distinct shadow on the ground which is clearly visible. The exposure time was approximately 1/500 second at f/11. The object was photographed at 1417 hours local time (CDT) and under the conditions stated in the news article. Range is very undetermined, but could be from a few hundred yards to several miles distance from the camera-lens system. Atmospheric conditions recorded on the film in that atmospheric conditions on the night of 2 August 1965 were described as clear and calm. Some haze may have been present, however, as a fine line caused by a scratch on the film, photo processing personnel noted that the images bear some indication of slight distortion, possibly caused by heat waves or atmospheric turbulence.
PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:
Henry W. Brean
WILLARD R. KINNEY
Intelligence Research Specialist
APPROVED BY:
Richard L. Chance
Chief, Photo Analysis Division
WILLIAM PIGGE, JR. 
Director, Photo Exploitation Directorate