The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

22 Jul 65 At approximately 2030 - 2100 hours this date many calls were received from individuals also seen radio concerning observations of unidentified flying objects. The object(s) were described as orange disc shaped, moving rather rapidly, and descended to near the horizon where they were contacted. The Observatory and Planetarium confirmed that the objects sighted were Nova which provided their own publicity to USAF.

25 Jul 65 Several reports received from residents of the Pittsburgh area. General description, oval shaped orange disc's traveling in various directions.

27 Jul 65 Several reports received from local residents. Orange sphere sighted at about 2300 hours. Sphere moved rapidly from east to west, then rotated and disappeared over the horizon. No clue as to bizing, also reports of other shaped objects, same type reported 25 Jul 65.

1 Aug 65 Several reports received. Silver sphere object sighted. One report stated silver sphere moved rapidly, estimated speed 1930 hours. Further questioning revealed report unreliable.

3 Aug 65 Report received of high pitched whine heard 0335 hours. However, individual set nothing.

4 Aug 65 Report received of red haze in the sky 2110 hours, object sighted, football in shape, no sound, object size of north star, disappeared over horizon.

7 Aug 65 Report received, red object sighted revolving as it travelled. Object brighter in color and appearing to be fast moving.

11 Aug 65 Report received, round shaped bright orange object moving at a fast rate of speed, made a whirling sound, came down low and flew over residence. Also another report of flying saucer type object moving at a fast rate of speed. Further investigation.

SUMMARY: The inspecting officer has observed nothing to date. All reports are checked and most reports are unreliable and possible hoaxes. Public is occasionally given false information concerning UFO's. FBI has been notified, as have local Air Defense Command, Allegheny Observatory, and Planetarium have been instructed to contact this organization when UFO's are sighted.