18. Was the object —
     a. /Self-luminous?/
     b. Dull finish?
     c. Reflecting?
     d. Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Discribed a trajectory involving a shallow arc as opposed to abruptly rising to a peak and gradually arcing downward.

20. Did the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
     a. Pinhead         d. Nickel           g. Orange
     b. Pea             e. Half dollar      h. Grapefruit or possibly somewhat larger.
     c. Dime            f. Silver dollar    i. larger
     This is only an approximation due to the short interval of visibility.
     If in feet, give apparent size in inches or subdivisions of arm's length.

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? Objects were observed while operating a motor vehicle

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Operated North on Vt. Route # 12 as operator of a motor vehicle

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? Either over the Easterly horizon or downward to a nearby low mountainous area
     Complete a rough sketch of the sketch or plan of area opposite the object(s).
     or to the vicinity of 2000 - 3000 feet per reconnaissance.

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the vicinity at the time of immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate. Unknown - none observed -

26. Please estimate the distances of the object(s). From 1/8 to 1/4 mile distant. Please work on this hemisphere sketch:

27. How certain are you of the object(s) in the sky? 200 to 700 feet, possibly slightly higher

28. Were any sounds heard of other witnesses, if any. Richard S. [illegible], College of Medicine UVM, Burlington, Vt.
     Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s)
     appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over the graxy roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other
     landmarks within a mile.

enclosure

s based on prior observation of and actual firing of tracer cal. .30 rifle ammunition.

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? no

31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? if so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper. no

32. Please enclose photograph, motion pictures, news clippings, tapes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, if possible) regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.

33. Were you interviewed by Air Force Investigators? by any other federal, state, county, or local officials? if so, please state the case and make a brief report on the same; the police did; they came. Edward Inman, Vermont Commissioner of Aeronautics, Montpelier, Vt. Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? if so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate carefully.

34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This notice will encourage other responsible persons to forward observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will delete your name and address from the report. Please write your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form for our own confidential file. Thank you for your cooperation.

     You may use my name. ( )          Please keep my name confidential. (x)

35. Date of filling out this report: 15 January 1965          Signature: [illegible signature]