There is no photograph present in the provided image. However, the image contains text from an old UFO report document.

OCR Text Output:

MAN SAYS HE SAW
By JIM BROOKS
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma  - The man who reported seeing the mysterious lights in the sky over Norman Sunday night at 6:15 p.m. said his sighting was real and could be substantiated by observers.

The man, who asked not to be identified, said Monday in a telephone interview from Norman that he was driving alone on Interstate 35 to the southwest. He said he noticed the flashing lights, which resembled police car headlights, moving overhead. 

"I noticed them off to my left," he said. "It seemed to cross the sky rather rapidly and then disappeared, just like a light on dark."

The man, who is a university student, said he stopped his car and got out to observe the object better. He said it reappeared, accompanied by a bright light, and seemed to hover over the area for several minutes before disappearing again.

"It was definitely not a conventional aircraft," the man said. "There were no wings and the lights were too bright. We thought at first it might be a jet, but then it stopped and hovered."

The man said he reported the sighting to the Norman police department and to the Air Force base at Tinker. He said the Air Force officers seemed interested in the sighting and promised to investigate it.

ROADS DUE
Jury Probe Eyed 
Of Payoff Story
By DANIEL WEBSTER
In connection with a race fixing scandal in Crawford County, prosecutors and police said Monday they may conduct a special grand jury investigation of allegations of payoffs to municipal officials.

The allegations were made last week to Crawford County district attorney Leo Winters by an unidentified informant who said he had tape recordings of "officials" accepting money.

Winters said Monday he has not decided if he will call the grand jury to investigate the matter, but he confirmed the allegations of payoffs to municipal officials in connection with the race fixing charges which have rocked the county for the past two weeks.

MORE UFOs