The image contains a typed document, but does not appear to include any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract and output all the text found in the document:

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
United States Air Force
March 24, 1965

Distributors, importers and converters of lens and stencil tissues, such as the following: might also be helpful:

Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, New York
A. Dick Company, 5700 W. Touhy Avenue, Chicago, Illinois
Dennison Mfg. Co., 93 Sudbury Street, Boston, Massachusetts
Rev. Angel L. Ramos, 401 Main Place, Clifton, N. J.

If the sample is definitely lens paper, then it seems probable that sheets of any great size would not be readily available to "the man in the street" and that such material may have to be specially ordered. This appears to be the case in our particular distribution and usage of such materials, or through some foreign contact. On the other hand, if the samples shown can be considered as "stencil tissue", such material has been available through an office supply house or similar sources. Here again, we cannot say that the manufacture or distribution of these types of papers might not be probable channels or distribution.

We have made no attempt to analyze the ink or other marking material on the various negatives because we feel that no special experience in this area is required. The fact that the descriptions indicate that the markings probably consist of inscriptions that might be considered "official" rather than by writing with a pencil or ballpoint pen which probably would cause a somewhat different characteristic pattern, leads us to feel that the material might be of some significance. 

In summary, we see no reason to believe that this material came from outer space or foreign sources. The fiber composition, as well as the general chemical nature of the materials, would indicate something that is quite common in regular business and office operations. It is possible that the exact nature of the fiber could be determined by further microscopic examination, but we are not convinced that such effects would be worthwhile. We have suggested several measures that might be taken to determine the authenticity and source of this material, but again we cannot be certain as to the validity and methods of distribution.

If there is any way in which we can be of further assistance we will welcome your questions or suggestions. The Insfitut" is a nonprofit organization.