The image contains a photograph of bright objects in the sky, described as UFOs that were photographed during a GT-5 launch. The text discusses the photographs taken by Lensman, who captured images of the objects near the launch site. The text also provides additional details about the appearance and behavior of the UFOs, including that they were green in color and exhibited bright phosphorescent lights.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

Mr. Gasa, Information Office
Shorler USAF, VRB Fla, Nov 69

UFOs Photographed 
at GT-5 Launch

Lensman gets photographs 
of UFOs at Gemini Launch
 
Lensman, a photographer who was on hand
to take astronauts Cooper and Conrad's picture,
not only got shots of the rocket lifting off, but
also three unidentified flying objects that were
hovering near the rocket.

According to James R. Peek, 47, of 
T.S.U.P.P.I. Natl Dir., these pictures
were taken by Lensman at the GT-5 
launch.

Peek, a senior engineering laboratories
technician, reports that Lensman, while 
waiting to get on his front lawn to watch 
the launch, noticed some strange lights 
in the sky, about 10,000 to 15,000 feet
up. He immediately got his camera ready, 
and when the rocket was launched, he 
got the first shots of the UFOs.

But when his color film returned, 
he found the pictures were even more 
successful than he realized.
His first shot shows a light green
oval object, just as the rocket started
its second stage. This shows the UFO
close to the rocket, with the rocket 
exhaust in the picture.

I'll bet that this will really raise
a lot of STUFF at SAC!

If you are interested in the scientific 
investigation of UFOs, the International
Formation of Intelligence Unidentified
Flying Objects (IFOIU) is one of the best 
informed groups working on the UFO mystery.
The IFOIU is not trying to prove that UFOs 
are interplanetary spacecraft or a government 
project, only that they exist. The IFOIU needs new 
members located in the U.S. and 28 other countries. 
The main purpose of the group is to obtain informa-
tion to help solve the UFO mystery.
The IFOIU is not claiming to have all the answers, 
but they do have a large working knowledge of the informa-
tion that is available.