There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

THE UNIVERSITY OF ROCHESTER
ROCHESTER, NEW YORK 14627
Department of Physics 
and Astronomy
August 4, 1965

Gentlemen:

We have now analyzed the results of our balloon flights on the Rose-ROSEX expedition. Notwithstanding the fact that we obtained only 25% (one out of four) of the flights we wanted, we are so delighted with the one flight end for the promise that it holds in gamma ray astronomy, that we should like to propose another equatorial expedition.

As a result of flying our spark chamber, triggered for gamma rays, we are able to set upper limits to the fluxes from several sources of a few times 10-5 gammas per cm2/sec. This is about a factor of 10 better than that obtained to date and is in large measure due to the low secondary background at high altitudes where the spark chamber is able to detect gamma rays without interference from charged particles.

There are quite a few interesting fluxes to look at at the equator and some further down in southern latitudes and we believe that another expedition is certainly merited at this time. A higher altitude would enable us to lower our limits by a factor of two at least, for example Australia, but obtaining a higher altitude would enable us to make statements on fluxes comparable with those obtained at Hyderabad.

We would like at this time to ascertain your interest in participating in such an expedition, since clearly establishing the logs logistics support for one group or many does not represent that great a difference in cost and effort and the more people from whom you could obtain the necessary funding.

We would propose, that roughly speaking, the expedition be scheduled for about two years from now to give appropriate lead time for all particles involved and also so that we could build upon the experience obtained from the last expedition. Preliminary dates indicate that May 1967 would be a likely time. The University of Rochester would be willing to take the lead in responsibility for the Gamma ray astronomy support if appropriate government agencies were to support from approximation. We would ask for support from NSF and NASA and would anticipate much like to engage in such an endeavor and would request a reply by September 1.

We are enclosing a list of people to whom this letter is being sent. We would appreciate your bringing to our attention any omissions we may have made. The list enclosed represents principally those involved in 1965-ROSEX Expedition.

Sincerely yours,

M.F. Kaplon
J.G.M. Duthie