The image does not contain a photograph, it is a typed document. I will now proceed to perform OCR (optical character recognition) on the text in the document:

At Wallops Station, Va., one of America's NASA rocket launch centers, on January 9th, at 9:30 p.m., NASA engineers and others observed a UFO, according to a story sent to the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) and forwarded by them.
The object was disc-shaped and was observed flying and traveling from the horizon to directly overhead in just a few seconds. After traveling over the station, the object doubled back and took up a position directly over the station, then shot up at a tremendous speed and disappeared.
This took place at Wallops Station back in October of 1964. The scene of several previously reported sightings at the station by personnel from outer space. The story has all the earmarks of a case which has been thoroughly investigated prior to the writing. According to the report, two men from outer space made contact with one of the workers there and warned him that "in the near future more air force and civilian personnel will be involved in close encounters again".
In the statement, they said, "much more is going on around you than you know," and chased the individual until the man was joined by two others, all of whom were told that sighting by more than one little man was taken.
Just how they knew the creature was in the area and then the future developments a letter subscriber devotes a last paragraph.
SAUCER FLAP IN ALASKA: On the night of January 27th, dozens of Alaskan people, including housewives, policemen, and even three chemistry students at Alaska Methodist University, trained a 100-power telescope on a strange aerial object which hovered over Anchorage.
The object, which was observed for nearly two hours, defied explanation. It was brighter than the planet Venus and many times larger. It remained stationary and changed color from white to orange-red and back again. Many other sightings were made the previous night, including Ray of Anchorage, who reported "a huge fiery ball" in the sky. The frightening event was accompanied by a buzzing sound. Telephone operators in Anchorage later reported receiving a flood of calls about the objects. The whole event seemed to peak at 7:30 p.m. One observer said the object was so bright it shone into the living room with blinding intensity.
These Newsletters are non-scheduled, and are issued only as warranted. We strive to be accurate and up-to-date, but no guarantee can be given.
IMPORTANT NOTICE: In order to simplify our files, we always return subscriptions begin and end at the same time for all subscribers.whether you joined the Newsletter mailing list recently or long ago. You need not notify us when you have paid us a dollar for this or Newsletter, as you have already sent us a dollar for this preceding period. If, however, you have already sent us a dollar for this or Newsletter, which will be issued shortly, let us know right away and we will credit you for this period.