The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The hill is covered with such like the other ground, with the addition of scattered bushes and trees. Just the hill is typical Ohio rolling terrain with scattered shrubs.

Following is information given by [REDACTED] Introduction is made of a ground sighting by [REDACTED] which may or may not be connected with the original sightings, but is submitted because of the close time span between the two sightings.

On the night of the sighting, [REDACTED] tried to awaken her Mother to see the object. Her first attempt was not successful but the object had disappeared. The second attempt proved to be successful but by then the object had disappeared. Now fully awake, [REDACTED] recalled hearing about an UFO sighting on the Huntington area that evening. Her sister and Husband were broadcast to give details of what they had about the sighting. [REDACTED] daughter a girl friend who was spending the night with them and instructed both girls to draw a picture and description of what they had seen. The girls complied and their descriptions given by the girls convinced [REDACTED] that they had indeed seen something unusual. At this point she was content to pass it off as an hallucination.

On Tuesday evening, 23 March 35, the [REDACTED] family was at home watching television. Intermittently throughout the evening, reception was interrupted by a series of "unusually" broad beeping sounds. Conversation between [REDACTED] and neighbors revealed the interference was heard throughout the neighborhood. Conversation between the reporting officer and a neighbor confirmed this, although the neighbor remained from giving her name, "we are not to get involved." The weather at the time of the interference was hazy, with light rain.

The next incident occurred on Wednesday evening 24 March 35. Once again it was a dark night with reference again to rain. During a trip to the [REDACTED] home, the [REDACTED] family noticed unusual happenings.