The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, specifically an "Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) Information Sheet" form.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in regard to the observance of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses to give answers to 1, 2, 3, go to 4.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDG.

3. a. Name: (Name redacted)  b. Address: (Address redacted)  c. Age: (Age redacted)  d. Occupation: (Occupation redacted)

e. Shape of Object: (Shape redacted)  f. Size of Object: (Size redacted)  g. Color: (Color redacted)  h. Number of Objects: (Number redacted)

i. Size in relation to dimension (pencil, dime, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger if known): (Size redacted)

j. Formation, if more than one: (Formation redacted)

k. Unusual features of object: (Unusual features redacted)

l. Was there a trail, vapor trail, or exhaust? Fuzzy: (Trail/Exhaust redacted)

m. What called attention to the observer: (What called attention redacted)

n. What angle and elevation did the object have when first observed: (Angle and elevation redacted)

o. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and were there any maneuvers of the object: (Flight path redacted)

p. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.): (Disappearance redacted)

q. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.): (Duration redacted)

r. How was the object observed (naked eye, binoculars, scopes, cameras, etc.): (Observation method redacted)

s. Time and date of sighting: 1-2 Aug 1965

t. Light conditions (night, day, dusk): (Light conditions redacted)

u. Geographical position of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.): (Geographical position redacted)

v. Weather conditions (clear, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.): (Weather conditions redacted)

w. Temperatures of day (60°, 90°, etc.): (Temperature redacted)

x. Other information not answered above: (Additional information redacted)

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the existence of the object.