The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting in Elk Grove Village, Illinois on February 8, 1965.

Transcribed text from the document:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
JUNE 3, 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Box 9494
RTD Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

Sighting, Elk Grove Village, Ill.
February 8, 1965

This is an account of the NBC "Documentary on UFO'S" treatment of the Elk Grove Village case. I was present throughout the entire interview and filming, although I did not make much of an introduction. The incident is not well self-possessed. Her story follows and then I'll give a few details.

She was coming home by herself at about midnight, February 8, 1965 (her doctor's appointment, a doctor who makes late appointments for people who cannot come out earlier). She lives on Harmony Lane and as she was curving around toward her house, some four doors down on her neighbors' houses, more or less directly west of her, she determined the Dearborn Observatory was not pointed out that night as far as she could see. She pointed out that it was nothing more than two interconnecting ovals of light of uniform intensity that seemed to move back and forth, she continued toward the house in the car without turning the lights on and drew so close to the house that as it passed it was in from the house as it is in the illustration. She was very close to it, a matter of fifty feet, and it was so low, only about twenty feet above the house. Although whenever she drew it, she drew the light quite close to the house, almost directly over the house.

She said she stood at the back of her house transfixed at this sight, but not at all frightened - there appeared to be no sound and when instead of going directly into the house, which she could have done, she ran around to the front of the house again, stumbled and finally got in, ran to the window, but the object was gone. She then waited for her husband to come home, and on his arrival they drove around the neighborhood looking for the object, but it did not reappear.