There does not appear to be a photograph included in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book document titled "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO) INFORMATION SHEET".

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in regard to the observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses to give answers as requested, do not complete report.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.

a. Name Damon            Address 1.316 McLean           Phone TE-92293-Red.     Age 30     Occupation Chief Dep. Sheriff
b. Scene of Observation Damon, Tex.     Color Dark grey
d. Size (compare to dime, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger item) Approx 12' to 15' in diameter. 
f. Duration Features of objects     LIKE-LONG SLENDER TUBE with light pulsing inside
h. Was there a trail, vapor trail, or exhaust? No
j. What called attention to the object?       Bright light
k. What angle and elevation was the object on first observation?            5 degree's.
l. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared?            5 degree's.
m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and where disappeared from view?   To north and disappeared.
n. How did object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.)  Instantly to the north.
o. How long was object visible?     Approx. 5 min.
p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescope, binoculars, etc.)    Naked eye
q. Time and date of sighting  2300 HRS. 3 Sept 65
r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk)    Night
s. Geographical position of object (where: Houston, South or Pasadena, Calif.; Albuquerque, N. Mex.; etc.)     Damon, Tex.
t. Weather conditions (clear, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.)    Clear
u. Temperatures of day (80°, 90°, etc.) Unk.
v. OTHER INFORMATION DEEMED IMPORTANT:    Object was thicker in the middle than the outside where the light was. The object had light inside and light on the outside of the aircraft.
9. Thank caller for information, b. do not promise that a return call will be made.