UFO 'Size
Of Automobile'
Is Reported

By PAT DONAT
(TIMES Staff Writer)

An unidentified flying object
(UFO) "the size of an automobile" was reported at three widely
separated points in the Bay Area
last night, stirring up new interest
in UFO reports.

The Bill Entries-Lunrity said
he and his family were in the living
room around 10 p.m. when his wife
and daughters noticed a bright light
and called his attention. Mrs. Entries said
the object "appeared and disappeared
in a long, narrow, silver object
with the light source on top rotating
counterclockwise." She also observed lights below it.

She compared the light to that
of a welder's torch. Except that object was a long narrow, silver object
with lights at each end. She said "it
went southwest toward the bay."

At another location the object was
seen by Mrs. Helen Entries and her
friend said they saw "a Roman
candle," described as a round
ball. It didn't leave a trail of light.

But Dwayne Williams said it appeared to look like "a Roman candle."

At 10:25 p.m. two witnesses reported seeing what they described as
the object traveling overhead.

A rush of sightings reports
were made to Daly City Police. Daly
City Police said they received
three lights immediately overhead in the Northridge section at 8:15 p.m. They said
the lights came from the West
going east, and described them
as being globe-shaped. They were
three times bigger and brighter
than any satellites they had
observed before. The group also
reported seeing a red light.

[illegible or obscured signature/text]

Roach, Susan and Cathy Debes
reported seeing the object. Roach
This early sighting was also
spotted by employees of three law
enforcement agencies who said they saw
three lights of light coming from
the west going east. This sighting was reported by the Law
Building on the campus.

Another sighting, at the same
time was reported by Jim Burnet of a University who said
he saw three objects going
northwestward. Police had contained nine lights
on them which he
viewed with binoculars.

In the south end city, Jeff Black and
Mr. and Mrs. James A. Drew
reported-moving southwestnortheast in clusters of Hwy. 101.
Mrs. Bill Dawson, who lives
West said "one was going over
every 30 minutes."

A spokesman for the Federal
Aviation Administration said that
[illegible section]

city was normal last night. Traffic however in the city over
Fayetteville was heavy with reports made to the Times this
morning of falling stars, jet
planes and a live flying B-52
Bomber, observed at an estimated elevation of 1200 ft.

Springdale also came in for a
rush of reports. Jimmy persons,
including a retired Army colonel
and also saw "three lights,
"about the size of a good-sized
marble" traveling southeast,
northeast very rapidly. They
described them as in line with the [illegible]
orange