The image contains a newspaper article titled "Midwesterners Tell Of Mystery Objects" from the Raleigh Times dated Wednesday, August 4, 1965. The article discusses several sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) reported by people in the Midwest region of the United States during the months of August and September. The article mentions that the objects were described as being star-like or planet-like in appearance, and that some were seen moving at high speeds. The article also notes that some of the sightings were reported to the Air Force.

Text from the document:

MIDWESTERNERS TELL OF MYSTERY OBJECTS

OKLAHOMA CITY (UPI) - Unidentified flying objects have been sighted in the skies over the Midwest in the past month, according to reports received by Air Force investigators.

The objects, described as star-like or planet-like in appearance, have been spotted in Oklahoma, Kansas, Missouri and as far east as Indiana, the reports said.

The Air Force said it was investigating the sightings, which began in early August and continued into September.

One witness, D.L. Biddle, an Oklahoma City man, reported seeing an object with blinking lights pass over his house last August 1. He said the object was traveling at a high rate of speed and made no sound.

Another witness, W.H. Bost of Oklahoma City, said he saw a similar object hovering over his home on August 9. Bost said the object suddenly shot up into the sky at a high speed.

Reports of the sightings have come from all over the Midwest. In Kansas City, Mo., a number of persons reported seeing a shiny, flashing object in the sky on August 19. Some said the object appeared to land briefly on the ground and then take off again.

In Ashland, Kan., Woodward Sand said he saw three shiny, disk-like objects in the sky on August 23.

In Hays, Kan., a university professor, who asked that his name not be used, said he and some of his students saw a circular object with flashing lights hovering over a highway on August 24. The object was visible for several minutes, the witness said, before it shot upward at a high speed.

There have been numerous other reports of UFO sightings in the Midwest during August and September, the Air Force said. Most of the objects people reported seeing were described as star-like or planet-like in appearance, and some were seen to move at high speeds.

The Air Force said it was investigating the sightings to determine if they could be explained as conventional objects.