The image contains no photograph. It appears to be a page from a document discussing UFO sightings and related topics.

Texas Notebook
Splendor Out of the Night's Sky
Louise Hoffmann is still on special assignment to investigate a Urifo mystery" at the Houston Museum of Natural Science.
BY ARMAN FRANYOLI
ON H. Thomton, Jre 12 Thornton, were returning home from Dallas on March 29, 1963, when they observed a strange object in the northwest sky. They watched it for about 20 minutes as it moved rapidly in various directions.  At times it appeared to hover in place, and at others it darted from side to side. Although they noted no flashing lights, the object seemed to be luminous and its size appeared to be about that of a star. When the object disappeared below the horizon it seemed to be several miles distant.
Rare Sight
His wife, who was in the front seat, was awakened by a bright glow in the car. She looked up and saw the object. We frequently see shooting stars, she said, but this was much larger and brighter. The object was traveling at a very high speed,  apparently something unusual was occurring up there in the night sky. Some say this may have been a comet. As the object passed through space it seemed to shed glowing particles or debris, but possibly part of a shattered planet. During certain eras huge meteorite showers have occurred with considerable debris, some of which survived and struck the earth.
Meteorites Found in Fields
Meteorites have been found lying on the surface where they fell. A number of fragments, some of which weigh as much as 25 pounds, have been picked up near Houston. According to authorities, large numbers of these celestial visitors may be scattered around in our fields and forests, yet to be discovered.
When given to such organizations as the Houston Museum of Natural Science, these fragments are carefully studied to determine their nature and origin. They contain clues about the early history of the solar system and may provide glimpses of what goes on beyond our atmosphere.

What's going on?
If a man says a spaceman came out of the sky, that's hard to believe. But there probably are strange phenomena still to be explained. We may eventually encounter intelligent life in space, but for now who knows? What is going on up there? Perhaps some of the answers can be found in the study of UFOs, comets, meteorites, and other uriusual celestial events.
NAME WITHHELD
Houston