The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page. The page contains a detailed description of a UFO sighting that occurred on September 3, 1965 in the Damon, Texas area. The text describes the sighting, including the size, shape, and movement of the object, as well as the reactions of the witnesses. The text also mentions that the object was observed for some time and eventually disappeared from view.

NO, CASE:
76542

SUBJECT:
AFRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

UAO PURSUES POLICE

(Their car was rocked severely; one of the best documented multiplewithness sightings gathered and investigated by AFRO in the past year)

On Friday, 3 September 1965 at 12:30 p.m., Deputy Sheriff B. L. Dickey and Deputy Sheriff Bob Goode of Angleton, Texas (South of Damon), were patrolling on the highway between W. Columbia and Damon, Brazoria County, on the highway between W. Columbia and Damon.

According to their affidavit, the deputies suddenly sighted a brilliant purple glow hovering just above the rooftops of the West Columbia area of Brazoria County, on the highway between W. Columbia and Damon. The object was estimated to be anywhere from 50 to 75 feet in diameter. 

McCoy emphasized this was not just an object hovering or flying due to the brilliance of a "welder's light", but purple pulsating light. The object was described in shape as appearing to be a "bell" and "much larger-than-a-car" in size. 

Soon the object began to move closer, and when the deputies drove in its direction, the object began to circle their car, first at a distance of 300 feet, then coming closer, to a distance of 75 to 100 feet. At times the object came within 50 feet of their car. The deputies stated they felt that they were being pursued.

When the object came within 50 feet, McCoy states he could distinguish three rows of small, round windows on the side facing them. Brock stated that at 50 feet the object seemed to pulsate and change colors from deep purple to lighter shades and then to a vivid blue light on the object's "right" side. Blue light on the object's left side seemed to "spread" or surge in its brilliance. Sometimes the colors seemed to "emerge" from the purple light and surge away. 

The deputies stated that after the object had maneuvered around their car, the purple glow at the lower portion suddenly retracted slightly, and the entire object had a profile shape of a "bell" or dome with a "protrusion" underneath the main body. The distance from the roof of the car to the underside of the object was estimated to be about 25 feet at times. According to the deputies, the distance from the nearest edge of the object to their car ranged from 50-75 feet. 

The deputies were shaken up by this experience and afraid, as the object seemed to be examining them and their car. They stated the intense light also illuminated the interior of their car, making it difficult to see outside as the object circled them. The deputies said they felt certain "they were not alone" and that their car was being rocked severely, although it was not lifted off the ground.

Suddenly, as quickly as the object had appeared, it accelerated rapidly away from them at a tremendous rate of speed, straight up and out of sight, disappearing completely. The deputies said they could not determine any discernible sound or exhaust gases or smoke from the object.

Subsequent to the sighting, a thorough aerial and ground search of the area was conducted by other law enforcement agencies but no trace of the object could be found. The deputies insisted they would return to the scene in daylight to further investigate, however, the object did not reappear. Although the object was not seen again, the deputies felt certain that within the next few days or few weeks, after further investigation, they would be able to determine the exact distance from the initial position of the object to their car, estimated to be 100 to 150 feet above ground level and parallel to their car. This movement was approximately 100 feet.