The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed written report with text describing observations made related to unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Enclosure

The following is a summary of the events observed 0400 to 0410, 5 July 1965:
Upon being awakened by my wife and asked to observe something in the sky, I saw a pair of what appeared to be stars or approximately the size of stars. Their distance apart appeared to be about one-half that of the diameter of Orion. Their distance apart appeared to be about one-half that of the diameter of Orion. This distance seemed to gradually decrease and then increase the brightness of the two star-like objects. No sound was observable, the objects were noiseless, motionless, and then no longer observable from the southern window of our bedroom. We both watched the moving light. The observation of the moving light with a pair of objects appeared to stop at about the same time as it began, and from the time it was first noticed to the time it was no longer a steady northern course, approximately 1 minute or more.

The only apparent change seemed to occur when the Cessna Convair 620 National Works, USS Poques, began to glow in the north above the mill. The light appeared to stop at this point. The glow is about a mile north of our home and in the valley we live on a hill. Very shortly the light was lost from sight.

The following observations were also noted:
The night was very calm, while standing under a tree to block interference from a brilliant light on our corner. It was noticed that the branches were very still and without movement, securely. There was no more visual. It was quiet. No sound of either piston type or jet type engines were heard. The impression was made that the object or objects viewed, extremely bright and moving at a rather raped space. My attention was caught by a northerly light, that seemed to observe the other one to move toward the south.

The position of the two lights at the beginning of the observation was to the east by approximately 20 degrees and continued to the southern light. The northern light began and followed a course of about 150 degrees and was under observation of about 10 degrees before it became almost impossible to have viewed it to or from the northern horizon. The entire episode took place under 10 minutes and was at Eastern daylight time as I had returned to bed when the last observation of the time was made. The corrections of the clock would be plus or minus 10 minutes and was in Eastern Daylight time.