The image appears to contain a newspaper article with a photograph. The article discusses a "strange object called balloon" that was reportedly found in Snow Hill, Maryland. The article mentions that the object was a "Md. mystery deflated" and provides details about the object, including its size and physical characteristics. The article also mentions people's reactions and opinions about the object. However, since the image contains no identifiable human faces, I will not name or identify any individuals mentioned in the text.

Morning News, Washington, D.C., Wed., Oct. 20, 1965

Strange object called balloon 

Md. mystery deflated

SNOW HILL, MD. - The object which fell over Snow Hill, Md., yesterday morning is not, a space ballon, a spokesman for the U.S. Air Force said last night. 

Robert Lail, manager of the Washington office of the U.S. Weather Bureau, said he was told by a representative of the U.S. Air Force that it was a weather research balloon. Lail said he based his theory on a description of the find--an infalated, 14-foot long, with a diameter of 10 feet. Lail said he would conduct an investigation at once.

MRS. GEORGE THONPKINS, owner of the hatchery, said the object looked to be a "hail of tin" and was equipped with fur valves, nylon markings and the name cf the company. 

It was equipped with two valves, Mrs. Hopkins said. Four men from the Salisbury office of the U.S. Air Force came and examined the object and then took it away. 

Mrs. Hopkins said the object appeared designed to influence the weather. Mrs. Hopkins said heat applied unconsciously to cause the thing to expand and when it was carried into the hatchery office it quickly floated to the ceiling. 

A team from the Dover Air Force Base picked up the object and returned it to the base.

A base spokesman said it will be taken to Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio for positive identification. 

Representation of the Aeronautics and Space Administration at Wallops Island, Va., said it did not originate there.

It was the firm that professed the John I aeittie agency as a legitimate contractor to have launched the object, though the ships at Ceo. 

LAIN said many of the balloon-type objects are used in trials of weather instruments and are used by the Virginia Institute of Marine Science and the U.S. Weather Bureau to measure wind speeds at various altitudes.  

"It's entirely possible one of them got loose," Lail said. "Balloons of various types are flying around the country all the time in rescue tests and weather experiments."

Lail said many of the ballons are made of aluminum plastic foil.

MRS. HOPKINS said she remembered Wednesday's aftermom and night screams of people who sighted the object before it was removed. Mrs. Hopkins said many theories were expressed about its origin and size, the most prevalent being that it was a strange, large or a close for training radar operators.