The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old newspaper or document discussing a report about a "Queer Thing Happened On His Walk In Woods" near Brooksville, Florida.

JOURNAL HERALD 
Dayton, Ohio

Out Near Weekiwachee

Queer Thing Happened
On His Walk In Woods

BROOKSVILLE, FLA.—A retired longshoreman said yesterday
that a strange object 25 feet in diameter which hovered over
woods near here and "then suddenly disappeared" was spotted
by him early Tuesday afternoon.

John F. Reeves, who said he is "past 50," told Air Force officials
in Tampa, Fla., that he saw the object while walking in the woods
outside this small west Florida community.

He said the papers were reporting the incident, but did not carry
photographs of the mysterious object.

Officials at MacDill Air Force Base at Tampa, Fla., where the
investigation is being conducted, said they have no further infor-
mation on the reported sighting.

Reeves said he stumbled across the object in the woods and that
it hovered about 25 feet from the ground.

He said it seemed to have "some sort of lights around it" and that
he was "terrified" when he first saw it, about 2:15 p.m. Tuesday
afternoon. The object, he said, was six feet high and 25 feet in
diameter, six feet high and was circular in shape with a dome on
top.

Reeves said he looked into the woods after hearing a "hissing" sound.
He said the object suddenly shot up into the trees and then disappeared
from sight. He told officers he could see windows or openings on top of
the object.

Reeves said he became so frightened that he turned and ran about 100
yards from the spot. The object, he said, was about five feet tall, six feet
in diameter and circular in shape with a dome and seemed to be made
of a dark metallic material.

Reeves said it appeared to have some sort of "jets" on the side which
gave off a reddish-purple glow and said the object had two "wings" or
appendages on top. He said it then seemed to disappear behind some
trees.

Officials at MacDill said they have no further information and re-
ferred the case to the Air Force's investigation unit at Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base at Dayton, O., which investigates unidentified flying
objects.