There is no photograph present in this document. The document appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

Project Blue Book: INFORMATION OFFICE
Headquarters, U.S. Air Force
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20330

March 9, 1965

P.S. Do I get an acknowledgement that all your reports have been received? Because if not, I would like a clear report indicating if you wish such reports sent in.

P.S. Please find enclosed attempt at picture of object seen.

Last Saturday I saw what seemed to be an unidentifiable object swerving across the sky, so I wish to submit the following report for your records. As though I have no additional information to add, I thought you would like to know about it. This object was seen rather than telephoned. Do you have any standard form for reporting such things? If so, please send me one, so that I can submit it for this report and any others that other people who seem to me to be saying they have also seen objects of the kind described.

1. Was it similar to comet, meteor, meteorite or satellite? No, I have seen the types of distant objects and it was not similar. It was obviously strange, had a different kind of motion, and actions.

2. The information in detail condition: No, I was calm and alert. Not under duress or undue excitement during the observation period.

3. When did you see it? March 5, 1965, about 9:30 and 10:00 p.m.

4. Where did you see it? Toward the Grand School Playground. The object was in the lower northern sky.

5. Did anyone else join you in seeing the same object? No, there was no one else with me at the time. I observed it alone.

6. Describe as exactly as possible what the object (size, color, sound) seemed to be. It appeared to be a startling brilliant like object. The forward part of which was rounded like an elongated octagon. It moved rapidly toward the rear and. that part just beyond the middle or the circular body, there appeared an appendages extending outwardly and rearward. I thought it was higher than the house, perhaps a little closer. Regarding its sound, it seemed to serve only a low hum.

7. Describe apparent size, speed, and course of object as to size, looking in the lower west at the horizon I found the diameter of the object to be approximately one-fourth the diameter of the moon as I observed it. Its speed seemed medium rather than fast. It moved in a zigzag pattern, at times appearing stationary,then darting off rapidly. It was not blurred, but clearly outlined. From 8 to 10 seconds in duration.

Sincerely,