The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten notes.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

DATE OF INCIDENT: 3 JULY 65
PLACE OF INCIDENT: ROCHESTER, MINNESOTA

On the night of 3 July 1965, three witnesses and myself observed a strange object in the sky. The object was stationary at first, then started to move slowly east. It appeared to be the size of a major planet in our solar system. As the object moved it appeared to change shape, getting wider and thinner. The sky was clear, no clouds. The object was observed for about 15 minutes. At one point the object appeared to send out a beam of light which lasted for a few seconds.

DETAILS
As stated earlier, my wife and I had retired for the evening. We were unable to sleep and decided to go outside for a breath of fresh air. As we stepped out the front door, we immediately observed a bright light in the northwestern sky. At first we thought it might be a star, but as we continued to observe the object, it became obvious that it was not a star. The object appeared to be the size of a major planet in our solar system. As the object moved slowly in an easterly direction, it appeared to change shape, getting wider and thinner. The motion was very smooth and deliberate, not at all like an airplane or satellite. There was no noise associated with the object. We called to our neighbors, and three other witnesses came outside to observe the object with us.

The object was observed for about 15 minutes. At one point during the observation, the object appeared to send out a beam of light which lasted for only a few seconds. The beam of light was very bright and appeared to be directed downward. After the beam of light was sent out, the object continued its slow, deliberate motion to the east. The object eventually disappeared from view behind some trees. I checked the time, and it had taken the object approximately 15 degrees of arc to cross the sky during the 15 minutes of observation.

Throughout the observation, the object maintained a constant brightness. There were no flashing lights or other distinguishing features other than the changing shape as it moved. The sky was clear, with no clouds. Towards the end of the observation, thin, high-altitude cirrus clouds began to move into the area, but they did not obstruct the view of the object.

After the object disappeared from view, my wife and I went back inside. We were very puzzled by what we had observed. We could find no logical explanation for the strange object in the sky. Although we considered the possibility that it might have been a satellite or aircraft, the object's size, shape-changing ability, and the beam of light it emitted did not match any known aerial phenomena. We remain convinced that what we observed was some type of unidentified flying object.