UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET

UFO Report - 7/15/5 & 7/16/5

WITNESS: [redacted]                PLACE: [redacted] Road, Marborn, Mass.
         [redacted]
         Massachusetts             TIME: 1st Sighting- 10:30 PM EDT
         Pilot                          2nd Sighting- 2:00 AM EDT

BACKGROUND:

The report was carried in the "Herald News"(s), Fall River, Mass.
dated 7/21/5. A personal interview was objected to because so many callers
including the press, 3 NICAP members and a local UFO Group had already
phoned her. I did interview her by phone and she filled out a NICAP report
form which I have enclosed.

SIGHTING ACCOUNT # 1:

The object sighted at 10:30 PM was a self-luminous light source
comparable in size to a bright star. It was observed traveling on a
straight course with a speed slower than an aircraft from a 70° elevation
in the west to the southern horizon where it was obscured by distant trees.
The unusual features about the object were the blinking aircraft identification lights and it moved along with a distinct "bouncing"
motion. It was not resolvable through binoculars.

SIGHTING ACCOUNT # 2:

The object was sighted at 2:00 AM EDT 15 - 20° above the western
horizon. The witness, curious about her first sighting was awake observing
the western sky. (Her bedroom has a window door that opens on a sun deck
giving her an unobstructed view of the western sky.) She noticed a reddish
spot where it had not been earlier. She went out on the sun deck to get
a better look at it. Viewing the object through binoculars she noted that
the object seemed to have a stationary center of yellow light, a stationary
green light and a red light which rotated around the object. She positioned
so that a fixed object and aserved that it was hovering. After waiting
several minutes she then saw the object begin to move slowly with a distinct
"bouncing" motion on a straight course toward the north where it disappeared
out of sight behind distant trees.

EVALUATION:

During both sightings the sky was clear and many stars were visible. No
moon was noticed. (It was new or three days past new at the time.) Venus
(3D light) and Pogonia satellites were due at the UFO sighting times. The
witness had a private pilot's license and is familiar with aircraft. The
"bouncing" motion and hovering aspect are typical UFO characteristics. I
feel that because of these factors, the caliber of the witness and the many
other UFO sightings in this general area in July warranted a report to NICAP.

Respectfully submitted,

Raymond E. Fowler
NICAP Investigator