The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned page from a document related to a UFO sighting report. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document.

Buenos Aires sighting 23h02, 3 July. First notification on Tuesday.
R-169 dated 6 July from Santiago, Chile and has time group of 5:32 PM.
Basically said that Argentina and British have reported unusual celestial
body and sending geomagnetic instruments with. Description was yellow
red, varying to green, bluish and zig zag, hovered for awhile. Observation
was confirmed by the Argentina station the following days. Supposedly
object has been seen twice in two weeks. Ten color photographs have been
taken by the Chilean who observed object for 20 minutes. Argentina
said it moved at high speed. Next notification 7 Jul 5:51. R-168
from Santiago, Chile, dispatch time 7:53 PM. The Commander of the Argentina
believed it to be adventurous to call it a flying saucer. It also included
mention that it caused interference in the electromagnetic apparatus. In
a radio interview the Chilean base said it was not a star, nor was it an
earth filled o/s, Commander john said that they did not have the photos
available because they had no means to develop color film. Notification
R-169 said the object was first seen by the British and informed that Argentina
and Chilean bases also observed, stopped in mid air and hovered for few
minutes. Comment was that scientists are skeptical of its extraterrestrial
origin. (Poil that this comment was added by reviewers). Huge Metallic or
an astronomical observer said such phenomena can be explained by physical
appearances in the atmosphere, could be a refraction R-32 from the Buenos
Aires, 7 Jul, dispatched 9:59 AM. Argentina has confirmed
appearance of celestial body on the horizon and two metallic bases on the
evening of July 3rd, shaped like a lens, milky red and green, yellow, blue
and white. Navy statement, the object made no noise, moved eastward with
occasional eastward with change of speed, sometimes appeared to hover, body
emitting a red glow.