The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

Text output from the document:

To: Col. J. W. Grading, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch, Community relations Division
Office of Information
Subject: Observation

1. I would like to inform you about a recent observation made on 13 October 1955. It was the observation of an unidentified flying object, no further to come than 20 yards, traveling at a speed of approximately 1,000 mph. This object made several circles over a town called Soeaux, France, and did a observation pertaining to an unidentified object.

It was the 13th of October 1955. I was at Fontenay sous Boise, south of Paris. I observed a bright light that seemed to arrive from the direction over Paris, somewhat to the northeast. It came from the southwest, and seemed to be making a series of irregular movements, apparently as a result of some kind of power mechanism or special propelling device, as the light was constantly changing in intensity and was at times considerably brighter than at others. The light was very noticeable, and there was something of mechanical movement involved, which appeared to be some kind of control or guidance mechanism, even though the light itself was the conspicuous feature observed. I got the impression that this was almost certainly some kind of aircraft, extremely fast and highly maneuverable. 

The object was seen by several other people, so I do not consider that my perception of it was only due to a subjective or purely local disturbance of the visual mechanism. At one point, the object appeared to be employing some kind of electrical mechanism or guidance system, as it seemed to be throwing off sparks or particles along its flight-path. The maneuvers were extremely rapid, and to me it was clearly not a normal aircraft, rocket, or other device of any known type. the speed was many times that of any conventional jet aircraft, and the movements were quite erratic - certainly not those of a normal piloted vehicle. In fact, the entire character of the observation was quite unlike anything I had ever seen before. I would estimate the speed as being in the neighborhood of 1,000 mph. The object was sighted for a period of approximately 10 to 15 minutes. during this period of observation, which was over the better part of an hour, the object made a number of rather abrupt turns and apparently instantaneous changes of direction, which would seem to rule out a conventional aircraft.

In conclusion, I would like to state that this was not in any sense a subjective or purely local disturbance of vision, as the object was seen by several other people. I myself have had a number of years of experience in aeronautical matters, both in connection with the military and with civil aviation, and I am quite certain that this was not any kind of known or conventional aircraft, rocket, or other device. While I would not care to make any positive identification, I am convinced that what we observed was something in the nature of an unidentified flying object of some kind, possessing characteristics that are quite outside the range of our present knowledge and technology.

I trust this information will be of value to you.