The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 65

Deltavalent and Disaster 
The sky was clear and bright at about 9 p.m. on 
future (date salute to unnameation), when certain 
phenomena were observed in Northern Chile. An 
Airaamarin northern Chilean saw a pale blue-green, 
elongated object in the sky, which, glowing, suddenly 
appeared and finally as an elongated tube. When first 
seen, its colour was predominantly pale blue, but 
gradually the colour changed to a vivid green, with an orange-
coloured section at one end. The light then grew even 
brighter and finally vanished altogether.
Towards an area distant that then about 20 
kilometres up and down, the flight of Chile was
witnessed by numerous people, but they could not 
calculate its exact speed. The object seemed to be 
homeless and the Government declared a state of 
emergency, such as is customary in the cases of 
natural disasters where material damage has to be 
repaired and aid provided for the afflicted, and there was 
much commotion with the full-strength forces on the 
alert.
We feel nothing but sympathy for the unhappy
victims of this strange, unexplaile. mid-air sighting 
of a strange object and it is not surprising that 
such a commotion should be aroused at 12 by the
unusual spectacle. However, in this connection, 
I would refer readers to a rather peculiar article about the 
"Caer ny t Gath", in the July-September 1964 issue of
FSR (Vol. 10, No. 3), as quoted in the El Mercurio of
Santiago, Chile. It appears that the same kind of 
extraordinary and terrifying "celestial accident" occurred in
Wales in 1955, when the area of that particular 
object was estimated at being in the region of a 
square mile.
Our present reports indicate that the Antofagasta, 
Argentina incident caused severe panic, similar in kind, and from the 
description of the light and colour changes, the shape of the object-and the 
car troubles which culminated in the vast explosion- it would seem that this
was a phenomenon akin to what is currently to be
described as "V.F.C." (Vertical Flying Cylinder), with 
intense colour changes, heat so great that it could 
have caused a sudden upward surge, or explosion 
fully of winds to fill the violently-created depression. 
It is possible that there has been men which continue the
rather too hastily-held doctrine of the
for who would stand to watch an object in the sky
which might by the full destructive force of an 
atomic bomb?