The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book report document discussing technical details related to spark chambers and emulsion techniques for measuring particle orbits.

OCR output:

support the light-tight bellows. The overall weight of the Gerenkov trigger should not exceed 500 pounds.

B. Spark Chamber - Emulsion Techniques
In the energy range of 100 to 1000 BeV, multiple Coulomb scattering is greatly reduced over that normally dealt with in accelerator experiments. In order to take advantage of the potential increase in precision of angular measurement, new techniques must be developed that are capable of measuring angles of the order of a few microradians. We propose that a likely method for accomplishing these measurements is through a union of spark chamber and emulsion techniques. (13) The orbit of a particle can be roughly established (to a fraction of a millimeter) by photographing several spark chambers along the orbit. The precise orbit may be then established by looking in emulsions located along the particle orbit for tracks having the position and orientation predicted by the spark chamber photographs. Flights of about 24 hours would be practical with emulsions. Longer flights would result in increased difficulty of analysis due to a large number of background tracks in the emulsion. The spark chamber serves to provide time resolution and reduces emulsion scanning to a simple operation, while the emulsions provide micron accuracy in measuring the particle orbit. Figure 3 illustrates a possible combination of spark chambers and emulsions.
The case with which the desired track may be identified from the spark chamber information depends on the number of background tracks. The total primary proton flux is about 2/cm^2-sec. or about 1700/cm^2-hr flight. Secondaries from interactions in the upper atmosphere and in the apparatus will double or triple this figure. Take as a working figure about 4000/cm^2-sr in 24 hours. If the position is known to .5 mm and the angle in the emulsion is known to a degree or better (distortion of the emulsion in processing limits the angular resolution), then the background (B) expected for a