The image appears to be a newspaper article from the "San Jose Mercury" newspaper dated Friday, March 5, 1965. The article is titled "Car Pyre Trial Widow Weeps" and reports on a court case involving the death of someone's husband. There does not appear to be any photograph or image accompanying the text.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

CAR PYRE TRIAL WIDOW WEEPS
SAN BERNARDINO (UPI)—Mrs. Lucile Miller wept in court Thursday as she recalled how on a dark night her husband died when his car exploded.
During the trial, Mrs. Miller testified she decided to decide whether Mrs. Miller was guilty of murder after her husband died.
Judge Edward Fogg recessed court Thursday night, and said he would continue a sanity trial Friday night. Fogg said Mrs. Miller had exhibited signs of mental disturbance at the pretrial hearings. The hearing was ordered to decide if she was sane when the car exploded with her husband inside.
Mrs. Fogg was called to testify Thursday night, but said she could not clearly recall the events of the night, and said she would be better prepared to testify Friday.
Thursday night courtroom spectators will be permitted to view a demonstration, Fogg said, of how a car door could be locked from the outside. This could be significant in the case, since Mrs. Miller claims her husband was murdered by someone else locking him in the car.

I WIPED SQUAWK BOX OUT'
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)—William Couch, 46, a suspect in the slaying of his mother, told police Thursday that he had "wiped the squawk box out."
The "squawk box" is the intercom system in his mother's home, officers said. Mrs. Couch, 72, was found dead Wednesday with the telephone receiver off the hook, indicating the intercom had been disabled.
The owner of a drug store where Couch worked told officers Couch seemed disturbed over the weekend. Couch was later arrested and charged with his mother's murder.
The owner said Mrs. Couch had reported to him earlier that Couch had been committed by his mother to a mental hospital in 1959. He was later released.