There is no photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, discussing the identification and origin of paper samples.

Text extracted from the document:

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Northwestern University

April 2, 1965 
Page 2

Although the United States paper industry is based principally on fibers derived from trees, the use of bast or leaf fibers in this country, and the foreign countries, is not uncommon, and we are concerned with the identification of such foreign produced papers.

In foreign countries, such fibers are grown specifically for papermaking or can be (and often are) recovered from old ropes, cordage, and similar products containing the fibers of this material.

2. Paper Identification

The sample itself is of the type used for lens paper, or stencil tissue (sometimes called Japanese tissue). The sample submitted has a watermark of "DuPont Bond". Examination by microscope reveals a formation very uniform and indicative of high quality composition. There was no evidence of the presence of wood pulp, and the fiber formation was that of a high alpha cellulose content, probably ramie or manilla.

3. Possible Origin

Of the samples which were readily available to us for comparison, one which seems most similar is that produced by the Pulp and Paper Research Association of Canada, Paper Exporters Association. This sample, identified as "Canadian" was examined and appeared identical or very similar to the sample submitted here. It is quite probable that similar materials are produced in countries having climates and soil conditions similar to those in Canada and possibly as the sample would indicate in the Philippines. Similar papers are also manufactured in this country by a number of mills, but we do not know whether the sample submitted was so manufactured by these mills during the present time.

A second sample similar to the unknown, identified as "Speed-o-Print Carbon Correction Sheet No. 7004" is used with mimeograph stencils and obtained from a local office supply house. Obviously this is really ordinary stencil but we do not know whether it is imported or an American product.

Exhibit B includes transmitted light photographs at approximately 3.5 diameters magnification, showing similarities in structure between the unknown, the Canadian sample, and the commercial ramie tissue.