There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a text-based information sheet.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in
regard to the obseryance of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses
to give answers, so state.
2. Complete information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.
3. Name: [REDACTED]
Phone: [REDACTED]
a. Name of Object: [REDACTED]
b. Size of Object: 50-60 feet in diameter
c. Number of Objects: 1
d. Size (compared to known objects, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger item) Larger than baseball/basketball
e. Duration of Sighting (seconds, minutes, etc.): 15-20 seconds
f. Formation, if more than one: Did not notice any formation
g. Unusual features of object: Did not notice any unusual shape or size
h. Was object (circle): stationary, moving, any sound: Hovering, no unusual sound
i. What called attention to the observer: Curious to observe
j. What single and elevation was the object on first observation: About 45 degree angle
k. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared: Not noticed
l. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west)?:
Could not determine any definite flight direction
m. What was the flight speed of object (fast, slow, etc.)?:
Hovering or slow movement
n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.)?:
Disappeared from view, no definite direction
o. How long was the object visible (5 min., 1 hour, etc.)?:
15-20 seconds
p. How did the object observed (naked eye, telescope, binoculars, etc.)?:
Naked eye
q. What was the date of sighting [REDACTED]
r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk): Night, clear
s. Geographical position of object (Houston, South or Pasadena, etc.): Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead
t. Weather conditions (clear, wind, broken clouds, etc.): Clear
u. Temperatures of day (80°, 90°, etc.): 80 degrees
OTHER INFORMATION not answered above: Unable to determine exact size, shape or movement.

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made
to confirm any delay the observation of the client.