The image contains a photograph analysis report from Project Blue Book regarding a UFO sighting in Santa Ana, California on August 9, 1965. The report includes a description of the photographic evidence, which consisted of 3 8x10 prints showing an alleged unidentified flying object. The analysis indicates that the object was approximately 1 to 3 feet in diameter and 15 to 20 feet above the ground. The photographs were taken with a Polaroid camera from a distance of 15 feet, and the object seen in the photographs was 9 inches in diameter.

Transcribed text from the document:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT N0 65-43

SUBJECT: UFO REPORT
LOCATION: Santa Ana, California
PHOTOGRAPHY DATE: 9 August 1965

1. PURPOSE: This report is in response to work order No. 65-106 submitted by Major OISW/USAF) requesting photo analysis of attached three photographs showing alleged unidentified flying object.

2. ANALYSIS: Although it is not possible to determine size of the object from the camera distortion, we can see the following is the true case. The camera was probably focused on a set distance and when an infinity object is photographed on close distance, the object will appear smaller than it is. Therefore, it is felt that the object was on the same plane as the center white strips or clouds to the right side. This would mean the object was between one to three feet in diameter and approximately fifteen to twenty feet above the ground.

The results shown on the attached photographs. The photographs were taken with a Polaroid Camera, Model 100, using 3000 ASA film, aperture F32 at 1/500th of a second, focused on a distance of 15 feet. The object seen in the photographs was a 9' in diameter vapor/curiosity roughly 12 feet high at a distance from the photographer that remained constant between the object on the test photography and the object on Mr. XXXXX photography.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:
A.C. C./ F.E. MC PEAK
FRANK E. MCPEAK
Intelligence Research Specialist

APPROVED BY:
ROBERT L. BARSE
Captain, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis Division