The image appears to be a newspaper article with the headline "AIR FORCE SAYS IT WAS PLANET VENUS". There is no photograph present in this image, only text. 

Here is the transcribed text from the article:

AIR FORCE SAYS IT WAS PLANET VENUS

Explanation Of UFO Sighting

The Air Force's explanation of the sighting of an unidentified flying object in the Ravenna and Beaver County area is being rejected by one of the persons who observed the object.

Dale Spaur of Portage County, Ohio, who called a report issued over the week-end, the Air Force said:

"The probable cause of the sighting by several civilians in the Ravenna, Ohio, area was the passage of a satellite. As suggested the satellite became bright enough to appear as an object, and Spaur and Sheriff Spaur foIIowed the object they saw as the planet Venus."

"Venus was rising in the southwest and was brighter than any star in the sky at this time," the Air Force said. "Spaur said he saw the planet Venus."

Spaur isn't buying that explanation. He said Saturday - "I don't know how much of an investigation they made, but certainly it wasn't a very involved one. Venus, my eye. I know what I saw and I believe it was something very unusual."

He said he had two brief phone conversations with M. Hector Quintanilla, head of "Project Blue Book," the Air Force official UFO investigation project. They lasted about two and a half and one and a half minutes, he said.

"Tired of all, I don't think there is a satellite that can do this low and I don't think we have one this large or that it can stop or go or maneuver anytime. I'm definitely sure it wasn't chasing Venus around wildly over the countryside."

William Weitzel, Pittsburgh, and his partner Spur and his partners reported an unidentified flying object last Saturday in the area about 55 to 60 feet across sky-bright body according to The Phenomena, isn't accepting the Air Force explanation.

Weitzel said he spent a considerable time in this investigation to ascertain the facts. There has been no formal conclusion by the Air Force although interviews were conducted with Weitzel and others in the county last August on an unidentified object flying at great speed.