The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document containing biographical information about various individuals associated with Project Blue Book and the U.S. Air Force.

APPENDIX C -- BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION

Dr. Joseph Allen HYNEK* - Ph.D. in astrophysics from the University of Chicago. Director of Dearborn Observatory, and Chairman of the Department of Astronomy, Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois. Consultant to the Air Force since 1948 on the problem of unidentified flying objects phenomena. 

Dr. Donald Howard MENZEL* - Ph.D. in astrophysics from Princeton University. Director of the Harvard College Observatory and Professor of Astronomy, and Chairman of the Department of Astronomy, and Lick Observatory. Consultant to the Air Force on UFO cases involving Sun dogs and parhelia.

Dr. Charles Pollard OLIVIER* - Ph.D. in astronomy from Vanderbilt University. Formerly Professor and Director, Flower Observatory, University of Pennsylvania. President, American Meteoritical Society.

Edward J. RUPPELT (Deceased) - Formerly head of Project Blue Book, Aerial Phenomena Branch, Technology Division, Air Force Systems Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio. Researchordinance for Northwest Aircraft Company.

Dr. Carl SAGAN - Ph.D. in astronomy and astrophysics from the University of Chicago. Department of Astronomy, Harvard University, and Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, Cambridge, Massachusetts. Member of the panel on extraterrestrial life, U.S. Air Force and National Research Council.

Lawrence J. TACKER - Formerly Lt. Col. USAF. Chief of Magazine and Book Branch, Office of Information, Office of Secretary of the Air Force.

Jacques VALLEE - Born and educated in France. University degree in mathematics and astronomy. Consultant on NASA "Mars Map" project.

* Biographical data from American Men of Science, edited by Jacques Cattell. Tempe, Arizona: Jacques Cattell Press, 10th edition, 1961. pp. 1212, 2772, 3030, 2216.