The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects. The document does not contain any visible photographs, only a lengthy handwritten text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now attempt to extract and output all the text found in the document:

they round and they curved down like that. They just seemed up slow like the rising sun. They had lights on them like those up there only they were going down. I saw the same as the others, just like those up here, only they were coming down. And it went down slowly and it seemed to be rotating, well I couldn't make them as big as they seemed to be. And it seemed to be some kind of a (Color) kind of a display. And it went down slowly and it seemed to me that there were three of them, that it wasn't just one but three. Do you know but the first one I saw (and I want to impress that) the first one I saw seemed to be larger than the other two, seemed to be rotating a little differently than the other two. And the other two seemed to be coming but in the rear of this, what you might say would be the leader. And they were about the same size, the other two, and they seemed to be coming down as though they were together. Now I don't know whether that was an actual fact but that's the way it appeared to me, as I said, just like three ships in line, you know, one in front of the other two, and the other two seem to be following. As they went down, it seemed to me that they were perhaps rotating or twisting a little but, you know, I really couldn't say for sure. They were just going down slowly and it seemed to me that they were about the same size, the other two, as the first one. Now, I'm not saying that's an absolute fact, that's just the way it appeared to me. As I said, the first one seemed a little larger and seemed to be rotating a little differently than the other two. And when they got down, well it seemed to me that they just sort of disappeared. I mean, they didn't go straight down, they just sort of, well I don't know, they just seemed to disappear. I couldn't really say, I mean, I couldn't make out exactly what happened, they just seemed to disappear. I was under the impression (Didn't look at it a man or anything did it?) no, not at all. It went right straight down, it wasn't anything like that, it wasn't anything like an aircraft or anything like that, it was just, well, I don't know, it was just like three ships coming down, you know, in a line, one in front of the other two, and the other two seeming to be following. I didn't see anything else, it wasn't anything like that at all. It wasn't anything like an aircraft, it wasn't anything like a helicopter, it wasn't anything like that. It was just, well, I don't know, I really can't describe it any better than that. It was just, well, it was just like three ships coming down, you know, one in front of the other two, and the other two seeming to be following. That's the best way I can describe it. I really couldn't say any more than that. I mean, it just, well, it just seemed to disappear, that's all I can say. I really couldn't make out exactly what happened. It was just, well, it was just, I don't know, it was just like three ships coming down, you know, one in front of the other two, and the other two seeming to be following. That's the best way I can describe it. I really couldn't say any more than that. I mean, it just, well, it just seemed to disappear, that's all I can say. I really couldn't make out exactly what happened. It was just, well, it was just, I don't know, it was just like three ships coming down, you know, one in front of the other two, and the other two seeming to be following. That's the best way I can describe it. I really couldn't say any more than that. I mean, it just, well, it just seemed to disappear, that's all I can say. I really couldn't make out exactly what happened. It was just, well, it was just, I don't know, it was just like three ships coming down, you know, one in front of the other two, and the other two seeming to be following. That's the best way I can describe it. I really couldn't say any more than that. I mean, it just, well, it just seemed to disappear, that's all I can say. I really couldn't make out exactly what happened.