The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report from Project Blue Book regarding a UFO sighting incident at Finland AFS, Minnesota on September 8, 1966.

FROM: PIO RADAR O (DAFC)(ADC)(USAF)
FINLAND AFS, MINN.

SUBJECT: UFO'S

TO: 29 DIN

1. On the evening of 3 September 1966, this station became involved in a UFO sighting. It is understood that your office has submitted reports concerning the incident. Statements of airmen who claim to have observed the object have been procured from this station, and details as set forth therein.

2. As it occurred, this station was unaware of any extraordinary activity until the observations were reported. The Duluth (CONAD SAGE) Sgt. Smash called and, shortly after 2200 hrs, stated that an airman at this station had reported the observation of a UFO near the station. (This airman has been identified as a Sgt. Paulos, an airman stationed in the vicinity of the radar site).

3. At first, there were no returns in the area. The object was claimed to be about 5 miles from the 89 tower, but the 89 tower "got nothing," said the statement from the controller. Shortly thereafter, the object appeared back about 2.5 miles from the tower. As locals, the technicians cleared to look at the scopes observed this object for about 15 to 20 minutes. During this period, the object appeared first outside the radar sweep and then moved into the sweep. After the initial 15 to 20 minutes, the object had been scrambled from Duluth ABS and searched the area where it had been observed. Both aircraft and ground radar vehicles were alerted to the position, but no contact was made.

4. One of the observers, A/2C Tutty, claimed to have watched the "UFO" for some time with binoculars, and it admitted that he had used improper settings with the camera and had a color film which did not produce satisfactory results. He showed some people present at the scene.

5. The next evening, at 2200 hours, the "white-puff" type sighting was made. This sighting seemed to have been position it had for a few minutes and then it disappeared from the horizon and would settle beneath the horizon - a "pulsating" effect. It did appear to be hovering for a short time, but seemed somewhat lower than the previous evening's sighting.

THOMAS J. TURNER, 2d Lt, USAF
Weapons Director