There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a written report or document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Toledo, Ohio, March 23, 1966

At 6:45 PM Monday night March 23 of this year, I received a telephone call from a resident of our area (Madison) to report that he saw a UFO go over his end of town. I called to see if I could see them also.

Out over Maumee Bay for about 15 minutes the object hovered again. It was hovering, and he told me on the phone that it would move to a better vantage point, so out to the break water I went. There was no color to the naked eye, but thru binocular it appeared to be pulsating red and white lights. The object remained hovering over the island and say Vy Day Park. It then disappeared behind the trees.

After the light stopped, I returned to the house and made out a partial separation of red and white. There was no noise, and the range could not have been greater than a mile. The object disappeared as quickly as possible this time and got the telescope. I right side up and not too power making it hard to find or follow. I knew this telescope would not bring in as close as I would have liked but I could see three very sharp lights on the object which appeared to be a tail assembly. Very red and green light on the right side as it went straight ahead. About 1:30 on the hour the whole thing seemed to split up and one second on and cease off.

Pulsating red → white ←

Still no sound other than distant street noises. Then just above the horizon, behind the light that we were watching, a telescope traveling towards us slowly. It approached the light and seemed to get brighter or to light up as it neared. At this point the light just seemed to get dimmer and dimmer until it could not be seen any more. For sure for this point it was at a distance and the telescope maintained a steady light on the object. The telescope was hard to say for sure, for it blended into the background, so was the object too distant for me to give a positive say so, but I could hear.