The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a typed report describing an alleged UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

countour of the land. He indicated that if this had been an ordinary vehicle the lights would have proceeded with a bumpy motion because of the irregularities in the terrain. Mr._ advised that the glow in various parts of the swamp lasted for 2 1/2 - 3 hours. The stories of Mr._ and Deputies McFadden do not exactly agree here but this might be due to their different advantage points.

During the night, they never getting closer than 1/2 mile) they stated that as they came closer to the swamp they saw an oval object depicted in figures 3 & 4. Deputy McFadden drew figure #4, though he stated to me that he had not seen the object himself. _ and his son described the vehicle as a brownish oval with a green and white light at the opposite ends of the longitudinal axis and a bright orange-colored light in between the two.

When the officers returned to their patrol car they found two other patrol cars there. Deputy Hunnavill and his wife who were in one car, and Officer Bushroe in another, asked the returning officers whether they had seen the lights directly above them. The new arrivals stated that four lights were hovering directly above the officers while they were searching in the swamp, and expressed surprise that the officer had not seen the lights. Deputy Hunnavill stated that one of the lights came directly towards his car, passing it slightly to the right. Mrs._ had rolled the window down and, peering out, stated that she observed the ball or light to pass very close to the car. Officer Hunnavill had turned the car motor off to check whether any sound came from the ball of light, there was none. As he did so the object was visible in front of him through the windshield. He got out, paused to shut the door, and then looked around for the object, only to discover that the object was already to his left.