The image does not contain any photographs, only a document with a form filled out. As an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    YES    NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 50 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    YES    NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 150 yds at closest point

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. In an open country?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 60 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    YES    No    Stopped got out

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    YES    NO
b. Sun glasses    YES    NO
c. Windshield    YES    NO
d. Window    YES    NO
e. Binoculars    YES    NO
f. Telescope    YES    NO
g. Other    YES    NO

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
The object was oddly shaped but elongated, appeared to be illuminated from within and seemed to be quite large, perhaps 25-30 ft wide and 10-15 ft high. It was moving at a fast clip and left no trail. its movement was steady and it seemed to be under some type of control as it changed direction and trajectory as I watched. It did not bounce or flutter but seemed to glide. The whole sighting lasted about 10-20 seconds.