The shared image does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper article from the "AWRENCE EAGLE-TRIBUNE" dated Friday, October 28, 1966. The article is titled "Gambling Arrest In City" and discusses a report by ET Newsmen (And Others) about spotting a UFO.

Here is the text transcribed from the article:

GAMBLING ARREST IN CITY
E-T NEWSMEN (AND OTHERS) SPOT UFO
By LARRY BRETTS
of the Eagle-Tribune Staff

What is it? What was it? It was something all right. So something about it was mighty strange.

About 10:30 pm. or shortly after, the first reports of it came.

A couple of boys, hanging around the North Reading and Reading police stations, saw a strange object hovering in the sky near the E-T Building and called up.

What they saw, they said, was a huge object, bright and luminous, hovering over the intersection of Broadway and Essex Street.

One of the boys, in fact, said he had run home and told his father, who had come to have a look.

But when the couple of boys called the E-T Building and looked, the strange brightly-lighted object was there no more. It had disappeared.

The boys said the object was quite close, hovering at about the top of the E-T Building, and at one time appeared to be shooting a beam of light down to the ground.

But when they rushed to the window, the object had disappeared. They could see nothing more.

A little later, Walter J. Columb, night editor, who was in the building and looked out, also reported seeing the strange object.

Columb saw something. He described it as a large, glowing, luminous object that was hovering over the intersection of Broadway and Essex Street.

He watched it for a time, until it suddenly disappeared. 

There was nothing odd in the town that night. As I was returning to the office, the Christian was yawning.

It was the body town Tower Hill, the one that had had that big fire a few weeks ago. Nothing happened around the same time I was passing out after it and it disappeared.

She was told that she was not seeing things. Raymond W. Maynard and his wife saw something too.

From his home in North Uni Grove, Maynard and his wife saw a large, lighted object over Georgetown, between 10 and 10:30 p.m. They called the police.

And there four to five hours later, it was spotted by several persons, over the vicinity of Tower Hill.

What was it? It too was strange, but the explanation, very, very bright.

State police in Bedford found the object to be the planet Venus, but the observer found radar indistinct. They had their doubts that this could have accounted for the sightings.

But something was there, or had been there.