The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with typed text, which I will proceed to transcribe.

STATEMENT

Reference Clark Air Base message DOI 007 August 1966, UFO Report. The deleterious object sighted was some 5500 feet and extensive.
I believe that because of the time lapse since the original sighting that I am unable to provide any information that would be of value or acticity.

At the time of the sighting we were flying a WG-13D2 aircraft at 18,000 feet. We were vectoring to the aircraft bank when the crew alerted me that they were observing unusual lights. I went forward and was able to observe these lights. We continued our intercept and I would estimate about 20 miles from the aircraft the object flashed brightly for a few seconds and then disappeared. It wax white in color and was quite bright. The object appeared to be slightly below our altitude. I would estimate its size to be that of a standard small aircraft. The formation was quite well maintained.

As the object started to disappear, we made a tight turn to observe it further. At this time they started a climb and were observed for approximately another 20 to 30 minutes. During this time they appeared to be rapidly gaining altitude and seemed to be leaving our vicinity. Their angle at about 10 degrees. This was done by using my hand extended at arm's length with the thumb and forefinger pinched.

The crew had previously informed me that another formation of these objects had previously passed our aircraft (500 degrees) just before I observed the second group. About 15 minutes after I had observed the UFO dash-climb and disappear, a 2nd formation of 3 to 5 UFOs appeared, observed and maneuvered in a similar manner to the first group. Their speed paralleled ours at 250 knots. This appeared to be about the same angular size as the first formation, but seemed to be about twice as distant.

When the UFOs departed, we estimated their speed to be in excess of 1500 miles per hour. The entire time of observation was about 45 minutes. They appeared to be disc-shaped and were glowing a bright reddish-orange color. When they disappeared, they seemed to blend into the weather.

Weather conditions were scattered, bright moonlight, and visibility unlimited.

A trained meteorologist was aboard.

WILBUR V. STEINER, Maj., USAF
Aircraft Commander