The image appears to contain a newspaper article with a photograph of a person. The article discusses a "saucer-shaped object" that was reportedly seen by a 13-year-old boy who took pictures of it. The article provides details about the encounter, including the boy's description of the object and the fact that it hovered over his house for several minutes before flying away. No other photographs are visible in this particular page.

THE DAILY REGISTER (NEW JERSEY) 12 MAY 1966

He thinks he saw a window in the object shape of a dome. The base and top of the object was covered with lights that looked like windows but he was afraid to look at them closely, he said he took five pictures, but only three came out clear, he said. The object remained visible for about 15 minutes before it took off he added.

His mother, Mrs. Elsie Salvo, added that she was not sure it was a flying saucer but her children saw it and her son decided to take some pictures. 

His sister, Miss Dee Salvo, said that she had been an object flashing blue, red and white lights. She followed it, she said, as it moved across the sky.

The colorful lights were teardrop-shaped and seemed to be flashing in a random manner, the boy said.

"As the object began rising, they seemed to bunch up and then spread out again as if they were well organized in formation," he was quoted.

He was frightened that night. "It was very close and seemed to go very high and I was curious to know just how high it was. It flew from east to west direction," he added.

The boy, in sixth grade, said his sighting was observed by his sister, grade-school playmates, other citizens and housewives on a nearby street. They ran outside of their homes, he said, to see the object and to watch it fly off in a southerly direction.

A short time after the sighting, the boy said, the Army and local Civil Defense Offices were notified and came to the house to investigate the incident. Several pictures of the object were taken, he said, but he does not know whether the Army or the Civil Defense Office kept any of them. The boy said the pictures were released to the public.