The image contains a diagram depicting a flying object with annotations describing its features. The diagram is labeled "Flying Object Reports Have an Unusually Good Week" and appears to be based on reports from people in southern Michigan and northern Indiana. The diagram shows an elliptical shape with a dashed surface and annotations for "Light" and "Antenna". According to the text, this diagram was drawn by police in Dexter, Michigan based on reports from people who claimed to have seen the object.

MANY SEEING SAUCERS
Flying Object Reports Have an Unusually Good Week
By WILLIAM HINES
The last 12 months have been
a good year for UFOs and the
last few days have been a
particularly good week.
UFOs in case you just arrived from another planet and haven't heard about the current fuss—are unidentified
flying objects, the so-called
"flying saucers" that periodically become a news wonder.
A spate of sighting reports
has been coming in since last
Thursday from a number of
localities in southern Michigan
and northern Indiana which
seems to be a characteristic of
UFO manifestations, which tend
to become clustered in space and
time.
The most widely publicized
UFO sighting in the present
series was reported in Dexter,
Mich., near Ann Arbor, on Sunday evening. Police there said they saw a
number of people watching an unknown object in the sky
which was variously described as oval
and pyramidal in shape, and

since the Air Force set up its
"Project Blue Book" to stuff
out UFO reports.
Both the Air Force and the
Air Force sergeant who talked to me on the phone today on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) insist they have seen all the
objects people have claimed to have
seen the saucers.
Among UFO buffs—the people
who believe saucers contain
visitors from outer space—the
Air Force is regarded as an antiUFO and NICAP as a pro-UFO.
NICAP is a Washington-based
organization with headquarters
at 1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W. It
is run by former Marine MJ.
Donald E. Keyhoe, the acknowledged high priest of flying
saucerology.
I called Keyhoe at his office
yesterday when an inquiry was
made about the latest Dexter
sighting. He said the Dexter case
and Hall, fielded questions.
Hall said the Dexter sighting
was only one of several since
March 17. He listed them in this
order: 
March 17—Grand Rapids,
See SAUCERS, Page A-16