The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document that describes a UFO sighting.

Suncday, March 12, 1967
M/major H. Quintanilla, Jr.
D eglin, Fla.
D ear Major Quintanilla,
Today's Sunday paper gives your name as the person to report UFO sighting for Elgin,
I have had an experience that I would like you to know about, I was witness to a frightening phenomenon and
heard a terrifying noise, one night in September of 1900, around 11 p. m.
This was at my home, along in the house, as it is unusual. My bedroom window
faces the east. As precisely 15 minutes past midnight, the sky was illuminated for a brief instant by a brilliant white light,
which I at first thought perhaps was a plane; but, on further observation, I found it was much nearer and only
followed by a brief flash of lightning. The sound that accompanied the light was internally loud, and I at first
thought it was thunder until I noticed that the light illuminated the entire eastern sky. This was through
my window in a direct line. What seemed to eliminate the entire eastern sky. This was through
not mere slit was followed by the same evenement, just the low flash burning; or, burning winds,
that are described now - - that seemed to illuminate the entire eastern sky. This was through
an intense, then it was followed by the same evenement, just the low flash burning; or, burning winds,
that are described now - - that seemed to illuminate the entire eastern sky. This was through
not mere slit. It was followed by the same evenement, that the low flash burning, or burning winds, were
stood watching and listening. And the only way I can back yard is quite deep, has
been is all the way. I could not produce any more details when was no danger of my
being seen in my night clothes. In a matter of a few seconds after the flash came
the sound. On each occasion the sound was preceded by the intense light. It seemed to be in the distinct
motion not made for in of fascinating studies so many told by or television. Rochester/regnese
I could have read by this light it was so bright was to. It lasted for a few seconds, then
suddenly disappeared. About 30 seconds later, there was another flash of light of about the same
for a few seconds, then was all. I went back to bed, not at the time, can minutes to four in
the morning. When I got up, the entire sky, in which I lived, was a lighted, What was that and
light?" He said he hadn't t heard it, which was to be expected as the police station is in the
the other direction. The officer did not become Excited as I was not, Considered that was not a potential
present, but was, and they'd listen for police it, at the time. I told him what I had seen
about it. Although it of several reasons for happen and began to as each possibility.
Instances were being roused from sleep by a that they had been more than one person following what the
auxiliary power had been turned on, and they had failed, too. I spoke to the night man himself,
He said that I have of seen something, probably not lightning, It happen, then, Thought, "Might Be."
I ant Lucas Genielinte and Cane Centor, Shartuek Military Academy. Saint ireas School for
Boys, M. I met Verning, Timing Instructor, Marines, who is all of which are well of my home. No planes
had been experienced at any of these places. I phoned the police station again, was told the
patrol cars had seen nothing, and the same negative results came after calling down some other
police stations, in an effort to verify further. I explained that the light I had seen had effused the
entire sky to the east, and was very brilliant.