The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Cont. UFO Report Per AFR 200-2

Statement

A police lead the following chain of events. At 9:30PM 8 probable UFO sightings become described. Gerald said he parked his car at 9:40PM with his wife and daughter in the car. As they watched the object's maneuvers, USAF police officers arrived. The car had stopped to offer help. The police informed the witnesses that help had been sent for and they should continue to observe the objects which were lighting up the sky. The witnesses were there with food still on table about 20' away around some bushes. There were 10 to 15 additional witnesses in the area. The lights stopped around 10:15 PM. The police returned to their car near the picnic table. The witnesses and police departed car and walked nearly 300 yards when the witness said the object he had watched previous is still visible in the northern sky. The object was big and round, no windows, no ports, no arms like appendages, no hands, no face visible, as though it were a solid frame. The lights were not turned on. The witnesses and police ran back to their car to continue observation. They returned to stalled car, searched areas around picnic table with flashlight and case covered. Unidentified flying object could not be located. The witnesses returned with friends from Erie with car to aid, and deputies remained to answer questions from the Erie carload, but no further light object appears. Incident occurred at 0630AM, just after full daylight. 2 other patrolmen were at scene of incident shortly after, having no knowledge of area designated by Tibbetts according to statement. Tibbetts and witnesses were at least nervous as they were excited at time. They had no apparent fear and were fascinated by what they had witnessed as the UFO maneuvered immediately above them. A police report comments of measuring sound heard prior to object was not significant. According to Officer Tibbetts, the object seemed to disappear into thin air, windows up and doors locked while he saw the patrolmen walked away. The further observance was ended when the officer glanced the light again and it appears to have blown the light leaving a flash. Tibbetts said he saw the object and when he saw the light, "I blew the light".  He told Mrs. (?) Tibbetts "not to look." I have no reasonable explanation of the sighting and believe the object requested from this picture was the one at the scene. It seems to me the park has many of them that regularly visit picnic sites.