The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, containing a questionnaire or report form related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Text transcribed from the document:

18. Was the object: Self-luminous? Dull finish? Reflecting?
19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? N/A
20. Tell the size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead 
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Half-dollar 
f. Silver dollar
g. Orange
h. Grapefruit
i. Large
Or, if smaller, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.
21. How did you first happen to notice the object(s)?
22. Where was the object(s) in the sky and what was its path of flight with respect to the horizon, etc.?
23. How did this object(s) disappear from view?
24. Compare the speed of the object(s) to a known speed such as an aircraft, balloon, etc.
25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately after? If so, please elaborate.
26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s).
27. What was the duration of the sighting of the object(s)?
28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.
29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view, the direction it or they took over the area, roads, houses, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.
30. Is there any police, military, or research installation in the area?
31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, etc. of this or similar sightings, if available.
33. I would like to quote your name in connection with this report. This section will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP, however, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note whether or not you wish your name to appear on the form.
34. We should like to quote your name in connection with this report. This section will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP, however, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note whether or not you wish your name to appear on the form.
35. Date of filling out this report: 3-7-66
Signature: B- [redacted]