The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, describing a UFO sighting incident.

Transcribed text from the document:

location, and had been so located for approximately (1/2) one-half hour. Complainant further related that the object had been observed to rise to an altitude of approximately 500 feet, and then to return to the ground. Subject stated that lights were observed upon the object, and that the lighting turned from a blue-green to a brilliant red to yellow in coloring. Object had appeared to be having difficulty in getting off of the ground. 

, and his son, had watched the object for some time, and then proceeded into the woods and swamps, in an attempt to locate the object, and to see what it was. Both and were within the area at the time of arrival of the undersigned officers.

ACTION TAKEN: The undersigned officers, in company with the complainant, proceeded along Dexter-Pinckney Road to Territorial Road, and then turned onto Quigley Road, where a vantage point was obtained, being in direct line with the house, and the area of the objects observation (See Map). At this point, the patrol vehicle was secured, and the above mentioned proceeded into the woods, in attempt to locate the swamp area, and the object. While in the woods area, a brilliant light was observed from the far edge of the woods, and upon approaching, the light dimmed in brilliance. As the afore mentioned approached the upper ridge, and edge of the woods, the brilliant light again appeared, and then disappeared. A continued search of the area was conducted, through swamp, and high grass, with negative results.

Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers were met by others who had gathered to observe, and the undersigned officers were informed that one of the objects had been hovering directly over the area where our flashlight beams had been seen, and had then departed in a west direction of flight, at high rate of speed. Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the under-