The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO sighting.

Text output:

Project Blue Book,
Information Office,
20230, Washington, D. C.,

Dear Sirs:

My name is * * * and I am thirteen years old.
I am a young space enthusiast. I've been reading up on space and I am interested in the unidentified vehicles as you call them. I understand that the greatest percentage of these sightings can be explained but, I think I have one that might fall into the unidentified category.

I'm a petrochemical employee in Trenton, Michigan and I get up quit early in the morning to deliver the newspapers. On the morning of March 14, 1966 at about 5:30 in the morning I was just starting my route when I happened to look upward as the day was breaking it was normally dark at that hour at the tower I saw a whitish blue object about the size of basketball slightly they were much bigger because I was looking at it from a distance and flying at terrific speed. At first I thought it might be some other explainable object like a meteor or a satellite but I gazed some other explainable and it was still there.
The light began to fade and I lost sight of it. A few moments later it came back on the radio station that the report had been received by the tower I suppose they were monitoring it. They said it was blue as they say and progressed steadily. It slowed down and then made almost a 90 degree turn going straight up and then it turned and went east and into another dive. It turned around and went west again just before it was coming to the tower it made another almost 90 degree turn and went up until it turned to the east and flew away.

I watched for about ten minutes from the time it first came into view until it flew out of sight.

The morning that I saw it was a clear and cold morning meaning that the sky was cloudless without a moon. As your station WWJD had picked up on it I assume others may have seen it also. Those were the conditions that prevailed at the time.

There weren't any visible burning lights like the other UFO's have had on them but, I noticed something unusual in the sky that I didn't think much of it until I read in the paper about the nearest Air Force Base or Project Blue Book. I never used to believe in them but I have do now. I'd like to know what your opinion of this sighting is.