The image does not contain any photographs. The document appears to be an old UFO report from Project Blue Book, describing an incident that occurred in Pine Bluff, Arkansas on March 26, 1966.

Transcription of the text in the document:

The Department of Defense
Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen:

After reading the attached and having witnessed only last night a strange object in the sky, I would like to submit some additional information to the stories, as is indicated by the attached clipping, or something college stories.

I am an employee of the Federal Government in an important defense work. I had seen objects in 1952, 1953, and 1957, which objects I claim were unusual aerial objects which I have ever seen and only strange because of the size and the brilliance. 

I was on my way to McGehee, Arkansas, a town 53 miles south of Pine Bluff, when exactly 7:30 p.m. CST an object appeared overhead, traveling from east to west. It had gone thru McGehee and was traveling due east, and the object traveled in a zigzag course, changing its direction in flight. The light of this object however was the color of a bright moon(the location itself was brilliant) the object was seen for about a minute and a half. It hovered at the outer fringes. The object did not come down for a close or perfect inspection. I got out of my car to see if I could hear any sound. There was no sound whatsoever. The object made a small light flashed on from time to time, so unlike the small airplanes or helicopters. This type of light was more brilliant and steady and darted from place to place and up and down at different times. I got back in my car and drove some 10 or 12 blocks and turned into the driveway of my home in Union Billings, blowing my horn constantly to attract neighbors to where together we watched this strange object for seemingly 10 or more minutes. During this time. As far as we could tell, the brilliance did not change and the object hovered for the most part. We saw a flash on at times. The object travelled at about the same speed of a jet and was seen to the south, very close.

The explanation of these flying objects in the attached clipping is an insult to honest people. What I saw last night wasn't swamp gas, planet reflection or an illusion. It was something real and something that has not been associated with any known type of aircraft travel. It was traveling so rapidly that it could have been identified as maybe Air Force Bases notified of late a trick of the imagination.

The Michigan story may have been a hoax by boys using flares. But last night over this area an unusual object in the night sky can be witness by any body. Only I teen age girls came to the door of a friend (also an employee of the Federal Government) in Pine Bluff; that it was the strangest object they had ever seen.Their granted. The Flying Saucer story has grown, but this added to the brilliance.

The only difference between the object I witnessed and an airliner is the distance and brilliance elements as the object travelled, the distance and the large signal light could be seen flashing on and off. There was no mystery to this flight nor how high it was.