There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement that you make, and the information will be treated in confidence. However, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

The text from the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement that you make, and the information will be treated in confidence. However, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 8 March 1966
2. Time of day: 7:40 p.m. (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? LOGAN CITY, MICHIGAN
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 90 seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Hazy c. Bright d. Bright with clouds
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember