The image contains a photograph of a flaming meteor or object that has passed over the Northeastern United States. The photograph shows a trail of light and smoke stretching across the sky. The text below the image identifies this as the "Contrail of Flaming Meteor That Raced Over Northeastern United States; Halo Upper Part of Picture Is Watermark".

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

METEOR'S FIERY DEATH SCARES, AMUSES THOUSANDS IN EAST
A FIERY FUNERAL PYRE IN THE SKY
BRIGHTER THAN STARS
APR 26 — A wild fireball, brighter than the planet Venus, flashed across the northeastern sky yesterday evening, startling thousands of persons who rushed to see it as it streaked across the heavens. 
The object was reported seen from the Carolinas to Maine, sparking a flood of telephone calls to police and newspapers and setting off speculation as to the cause.
Dr. S.K. Vsekhsvyatskii, director of the Odessa Astronomical Observatory said the fireball must have been brighter than the planet Venus and had a mass of several tons.
He said calculations indicate it came within 15 miles of the earth at a downward angle of 30 degrees before burning up in the upper atmosphere and makes a noise at the end of its trajectory.
Most reports said the object turned from white to green and traveled in a northsouth direction at an estimated altitude of 30 to 100 miles above the earth at its initial sighting. Other reports said it had a yellow-orange color and appeared to have a tail.
A path of fluorescent green trailing the object was reported visible for as long as 30 seconds after it disappeared from view.
AN ASTRONOMER said today a flaming object believed to be a meteor, may have either disintegrated or plunged to earth near the U.S.-Canadian border in upper New York state.
Dr. Curtis Hemingway, director of the Dudley Observatory, Albany, N.Y., said the object was last sighted southwest of Montreal and continued moving across the northern border of New York, drilling thousands from the Carolinas to New England as it traveled.
Hemingway said it would be "most unusual" to find any parts of the object if it came to earth to test it for radiation, although he indicated there was little to fear from such meteor showers.
Hemingway also said a sonic boom heard over the Albany area drove three to five windows at supersonic speeds.

Camera NEWS
Page 16, Tuesday, April 26, 1966