There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing a UFO sighting in Ravenna-Mantua, Ohio.

UFO CHASED INTO COUNTY

MEANWHTLE, Chief Ruffell, chief of police at Mantua,.O., reports to Portage County Sheriff's office that he and his wife saw the same object travelling from the east to the northwest passing over Mantua. He came off the hill and spotting it on the horizon drove to the village square and requested Portage County deputies to have the Greater Cleveland Air Patrol alerted. The Patrol could not pick up the object on any radio or radar screens. The object was moving very swiftly and straight up until it was lost to view. Later the same night, a security guard at Douglas Aircraft plant reported seeing the same type of object. George Ruffell, chief of police at Mantua,.O., said his wife were viewing the object together when the lights or lamps went out on their car and then came back on after the object had passed. Raymond Cooper, 23, of 6106 Smith Road, Ravenna,O., said that his father and he sighted the object for a considerable time as it moved over his home. They reported to other members of the family and several neighbors came outside to view the object traveling rapidly overhead. He said the object was a large round silvery or metallic light and seemed to be powered by as many as four rotary jets or propellers and made no sound. Ravenna.O., police said they had been notified. Officials checking at the Douglas Aircraft plant confirmed that some of their employees had also sighted the object from the plant location. 

SPEAUL 33, a former Air Force SkO SAID he has seen many objects that he recognized as real, but this particular one he was unable to identify. He said he abandoned Car and left the highway to get a better look at the object. He said he could see the object with his binoculars and he could make out what appeared to be a bubble shaped dome on top and four or five smaller lights along the bottom side, and they could not look directly at the bright lights. They said they would have used the car lights, but in their excitement they could not look directly at the bright lights. They said they would have used the car lights, but in their excitement they could not locate them. They said the object seemed to be approximately 25 to 30 feet high. He said he reported the sighting to the Ravenna police, who in turn notified the Air Force.

The only noise heard was a dull sounding roar or rumble. The object then appeared to dash or take off at a high rate of speed heading to the northeast. When the object started to move, it seemed to wobble or flutter slightly as it picked up speed. After the object left, the witnesses said their car seemed to come back to life, the lights and motor operating normally again. The investigators said they were unable to determine what type of power source was being used to propel the object.