The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page.

Weston, Mass. Sightings - Page 3
becoming obscured by trees. All observers moved to the roadway where they could get a better view. It then executed a second pass at a lower altitude, moving southeastward. Losing altitude, it appeared as though the object would land, but then moved away more rapidly, gaining altitude, disappearing from sight in the distance. When moving, it appeared to travel at moderate speed and with no noise. All of the observers were impressed by its silence and the fact that it was unlike any aircraft they had ever seen before. As it moved, it appeared to be silent and smooth, and emitted no exhaust or vapor trail.
The comments of some of the other observers, and the general impression was that the sighting was a fascinating but perplexing experience. When it first appeared, the initial impression was that it was a helicopter, but as it maneuvered it became clear that it was quite unlike any helicopter. As far as getting a definitive look at it, the conditions were not ideal, since it was partially obscured by trees, and it also was moving rather rapidly. It just had a drink, he wouldn't have believed it. As far as getting any good detail on it, there was too little time and the object was too far away.
To indicate the type of observer: he reported on his own observation as though it was a professional scientist's, although in reality he was just an average citizen who happened to be in the right place at the right time, and was simply observing what came to his attention.
In making this report, it is understood that he recognized that he did not intend to do so, and that he did not wish to bring undue publicity to himself. He had reported the incident, he said, because he felt it was his duty as a citizen to report anything unusual which he observed, and not with any intention of self-promotion.
All observers reported the plane traveling toward the northwest, and the helicopter traveling toward the southeast. Both the plane and the helicopter traveled in straight flight.
As to the motion while hovering, it was hard to get at. It was virtually descending slowly, then rising up and down, not quite in a steady hover, and yet not quite in steady ascent or descent either. When it began to move, it appeared to travel directly overhead, though its exact path was not clear.