The image appears to be a black and white photograph or illustration depicting a wooded outdoor scene. The image shows a landscape with trees and foliage, though the details are somewhat obscured and the image appears to be somewhat blurry or indistinct.

TEXT OUTPUT:

A detailed investigation was made in this case on 7 October 1966 by B/General Richard T. Alvarez, Inspector and Deputy Director, USAF Special Activities Center. The results of this investigation are summarized as follows:

This report concerns an alleged sighting of an unidentified flying object near Minneapolis, Minnesota on 8 September 1966. The report was submitted by two of the witnesses, Robert Olson and Robert Dean, who were employed by the University of Minnesota. 

The witnesses reported that on 8 September 1966, at approximately 9:30 p.m., they were returning to Minneapolis from a trip to Stillwater, Minnesota. As they were driving northward on Highway 61, just north of the city limits of Minneapolis, they reportedly observed a brilliant light in the sky which appeared to be moving rapidly in a northwesterly direction. The light was described as being much brighter than any star or planet and seeming to change colors from white to yellow to red as it moved. The witnesses claimed that the object appeared to be round or oval in shape and seemed to be at an estimated altitude of 1500 to 2000 feet.

The object was reportedly observed for approximately three to five minutes before disappearing from sight. The witnesses stated that they stopped their automobile and watched the object intently during the period of observation. They claimed that the object appeared to be maneuvering and making abrupt changes in direction and speed. 

The witnesses also reported that, while watching the object, they noticed that their automobile engine and radio appeared to malfunction. They stated that the engine and radio were operating normally prior to the sighting and resumed normal operation after the object disappeared from view.

An investigation was made to determine if any conventional aircraft had been in the area at the time of the sighting. The Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport reported no unusual air traffic in that general area at the time. A check with the FAA and other sources failed to reveal any evidence of any known aircraft that could account for the reported observations.

In summary, the investigation has not revealed any conclusive evidence that would positively identify the object sighted. The witnesses appear to be credible and their descriptions of the object and its observed performance characteristics are not readily explainable in terms of any known conventional aircraft or other identifiable aerial phenomena.