The image contains a photograph of a UFO sighting over the Fort Smith, Arkansas area. The photo appears to show a ghostly or shadowy image of a UFO-like object in the sky. 

OCR output of the text in the document:

Sky Gazers See Something
Fort Smith sighted skyward the drove around the city, something- - flying saucers. the or wnat at was mystery, information teported tne from fact say that at least 40 unidentified objects sightings were reported to the police during the night. Police officials and said radio reported no no strange flights were unusual, it added. apparently they saw something over Little Rock Air Force base observers, according to otneinformation Capt James Editor, informed the press that at several persons did see flashing lights in the sky at that time, 18:45 p.m. that night, and "this is no doubt about it." Capt. Eaton, at this time operations officer at the base, said air defense and air control personnel could not definitely identify the objects, but that there was no unusual air activity in the are.

One set of red and green lights appeared flashing like a white beam of light, all moving about. "What we saw were lights," a policeman said, describing the strange objects, "not the classic type flying saucer."

According to witnesses, the lights wert not penetrating the thousands of feet between the ground and them, and seemed more excitement last a few seconds than usual. 

They still believe it a flight of strange objects, including some small white lights, which in their opinion were moving at a much higher speed than any known aircraft. 

Fort Smith police receiving many calls regarding sightings, including one from the Prairie Grove Police Department, eight miles west of here, who saw and reported the same phenomenon.

The weather bureau at Little Rock reported no unusual atmospheric conditions in the area that night, nothing to explain the lights.

One witness, Ralph Thompson, reports the patrol car warning beacon which was spread out in the sky like a fan. 

A VIEW OF AN UFO -- Many citizens throughout the area spotted UFO's Monday night over the city. The photograph is a composite made by combining several photographic exposures at varying times.

the lights disappeared. Police said they could not identify lights they observed. they could not be reached for comment. It was sighted during the day as well as night, indicating that something might be going on, but citizens were puzzled as to its explanation. Gilbreath did not see the lights disappear, but said the lights were "tremendous, intense intensity" and that one appeared to "luge" downward.

The citizens who reported the city. At one point eight lights were spotted in a row, apparently the same object. Some said the lights seemed to go out and come back on again, reminiscent of the Redlands, California, UFO incident. 

One resident said the lights were "tremendously powerful" and appeared brighter than a full moon.

The lights appeared to be high-powered, possibly military. Some observers said the lights were larger and more intense than anything they had seen before. The lights were spotted from several locations around the city.

An ex-serviceman said the lights appeared to be coming from two planes reflecting off each other. But others felt the lights came from one source, possibly a high-powered craft.

The lights were also seen at Paragould, Ark., some 80 miles from Fort Smith, where many residents reported the same phenomenon at the same time. The lights would zoom ahead, then reverse direction and then disappear.

According to Ken Beek of Radio Station KLSS, Paragould, "The lights were not conventional aircraft lights. They were extremely bright and seemed to change directions rapidly, unlike any aircraft lights we've ever seen."

The lights appeared to be very high in the sky, possibly in the stratosphere or above. Some said the lights would break up into a cluster of smaller lights, then reform into a single light. All agreed the lights were unlike anything they had ever seen before.