There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. 

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

You had mentioned that there was an airplane coming from east to west, and a helicopter from west to east in this area at that time. There will be many who will not believe that there was a good possibility that there will be, but if this is how it would differ from that of an airplane?

I don't honestly see how it could call it an airplane. Besides, I had both the plane and the helicopter for observation.

(Break in tape.)

Well, then, it hovered for 4 or 5 minutes.

No, it was longer than that - it might have been 10 minutes.

By the way, did Mrs. W. also come out?
Oh, yes, she saw it, too.

(Inaud. in tape.)

And then when it rose in altitude to 30°, it became partly obscured by trees, at which time we went out into the street because we thought this was really something, we were trying to get a look at it - it is rather difficult equipment to observe.

The only thing I can say for certain is that, after probably 4 or 5 minutes, forgetting the altitude change, it started descending. It called this descent as though going away, until it finally disappeared into the distance. I do not know in which direction it had been going or if it had been coming in to get the lower altitude.

There is only one other item here and that is that, as I mentioned earlier, there were two reddish lights. I wish my observations to me, and those checkered my earlier, if the control could be of interest, or I am asked where of nature did the phenomenon seem to me, as they were in some of a nature all to me and I am not able to conduct this but I do believe it represents just what appeared to me. The angle surprised me so small as it appeared to be, and I am sure I was not deceived in size - it seemed rather unusual. Oh, I attempted everything to observe this, but it was difficult.

I think this sort of a negative situation. I can't think of any other way to put it. We'll have to try to think if there is something favorable that can be derived: In what direction was it moving - how would you ...