The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

29 Sept. 66

Contact was made with Wallops Island (NASA) Virginia (N-24-411) from Project Blue Book. The sighting was reported to have been made at 2200 EST on 26 Sept. 66. It was stated from Wallops that could have been the cause of the sighting.

Contact with Langley AFB, Virginia PIO office - SS-2947. There was no report received to Langley AFB for the sighting on 26 Sept. 66. The PIO office knew of no sonic booms being heard which could have been reported by personnel at the Richmond area.

(757) 327-2355 - contact with the FAA control tower at Richmond (at this unknown time), They were unable to confirm any aircraft activity at the time but advised they were not always aware.

The watch supervisor was asked if he knew of any aircraft being observed in the area for the observation of a doubtful UFO.

30 Sept. 66

Contact was made with the OSI at Richmond Virginia (649-4611) ex of Richmond PD), who advised FBI advised to be checking into incoming data relating to the sighting(s). Apparently became being reported on their records dealing with an observation of an UFOs.

Contact was made with Capt. Kid'd Langley AFB, Virginia - SS-2352. He did advise that a flight of 4 UFO observe were observed over the Wilcox Area, and it was later that night. The command post had received no call for the sighting.

Contact was made with Dr. Hynek (AF consultant to Project Blue Book) that the sighting sounded very much like a day light met but that such a meteor would have left behind some type of a smoke trail which was not reported in the incoming data. A sun reflection seems highly unlikely since the alleged traveled 57 degrees in the sky in 3-4 seconds.

Echo I was going over the southern United States on a 3E heading from 1600 GMT and would note have been vanguard due to the flight characteristics of a satellite.