There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text:

Well, certainly any witness, other than a helicopter pilot, would be entitled to any criticism or ridicule that might be associated with this matter. This was mentioned earlier. This was between the time the initial sighting was made and the time the helicopter showed up. And she was associated with several helicopter pilots associated with their craft. One or more helicopters showed up, either as a result of the sighting or else previously scheduled for the area. This was mentioned earlier. This was a helicopter, not an aircraft, lights.

And the jet also?

Yes.

The helicopter which you viewed was mostly ...
at altitude. It was by the south. 
Also, of course, she could say if it had been a helicopter up at the altitude -- well, if it had been far enough away not to be heard -- And yet at the same altitude she would have been able to see, of course.

The only thing is that any light of that intensity, on an aircraft, -- first of all, those lights would not be used by the airliners. Also, she claims that the intensity of the white light -- the intense white light in the center. That is, the central source was constant.

Yes, that's right.

It didn't give you the impression of giving off sparks?
No, it just had just a white steady corona -- (dashear) of flames dancing around it, -- it was this type of thing.

It was already established that there was no noise. It must have been something, prospably remote controlled. It wasn't a color -- the intensification of the color -- the coloration of the object was to me much brighter than that. And I would suggest that unless some source will cut off, or bottle up, or something, was in a position that I observed, he could not possibly have been in the position that I observed.

No, that is right. Well, any star is out, because a star doesn't go away, and the object that was sighted actually was going on at some distance, there was carefully into whether the stars were moving with the airplane or whether the airplane was moving with the stars, and it was going on in its own, this has to be something the explanation at all of the observers.