The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire related to unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. Any information you can provide will be very helpful in our research into these phenomena. We request that if it is desired that your name not be associated with your answers, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is desired to contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

OCR Output:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. Any information you can provide will be very helpful in our research into these phenomena. We request that if it is desired that your name not be associated with your answers, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is desired to contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? ___ Day __ Month __ Year
2. Time of day: ___ Hours ___ Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? (Nearest Post, Address, City or Town, State or County)
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) ___ Hours ___ Minutes ___ Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Bright d. Overcast
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): 1. Behind you 2. In front of you 3. To your right 4. Overhead 5. Don't remember