There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Witnesses the fact that in some cases the objects reversed course without any apparent turn around motion. It generated one of the objects through binoculars and noting a very erratic motion from side to side, back and forth, attributed it to my inability to hold the binoculars steady. However, I noticed that on those occasions when I observed the objects through binoculars, they were not moving in the erratic fashion that the object was. This fact has been supported by both Air Force witnesses and civilians with free lance photographers that it could not be the same objects.

Description of objects: Due to the many objects observed and the many courses taken, it was often difficult to follow each object. In general, the courses were courses not followed by the stars. This was particularly noted in order to distinguish the objects from stars.

1. What called attention of observer: On the first night, July 25, 1966, the object attention was called by the exceptionally brilliant white light, apparentl slightly to the west of Fulton County Airport.

2. Analysis of first sighting: The first observer, Mr. --------------, stated that the angle above the horizon was about 30 degrees, while most of the other witnesses put it more on the order of 70 degrees. This difference in the observation point on the first night, due to the large number of people observing this phenomenin, can be explained in that each person saw a different portion of the same object from their individual viewpoint.   

3. Angle, elevation and azimuth as disappeared: In all but a very few cases, the 55-60 degree angle disappeared. In some cases, they disappeared over the horizon in various directions. Two of these are reported to have dipped below the horizon on the north horizon.

4. Flight path and maneuvers: For the most part the objects appeared to remain very steady in position or at least make gentle movements. Unless they chose to leave the area, in which case they generally left rather rapidly. No particular maneuvers, as such, could be determined.

5. How did object disappear (direction): As previously stated, most disappeared by simply fading away until they became no longer visible. There were a few cases where they appeared to go straight up and disappear.

6. How long visible: In general, on all three nights the objects were visible by RADAR for long periods of time, though they may have been actually visible longer, but personnel are not available to determine any appreciable time of observing the phenomenon.