The image does not contain any photograph or visual depiction. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

17 December 1966.

From: Eugene John H. Schmitt, USAF, 71C031
To: Officer-in-Charge, District Intelligence Office, CGIEEVEN  
Subj: Unidentified flying objects at sighting of

Ref: (A) CGIEVENINST 3820.1A of 1 Apr 1958

1. Reference (A), this letter is being sent containing all pertinent information concerning the sighting of unidentified flying objects at sighting of on 8 Dec 1966. The original CGIEEVEN-3820.1A of 1 Apr 1958 was taken from CGIEVENINST 3820.1A of 1 Apr 1958.

2. The objects sighted were described as the size of a saucer and in shape about the size of a paper held at arm's length. They appeared bright orange in color. The four objects displayed a definite pattern to their movements, being difficult to distinguish from the background sky. No sound was heard and there were no unusual physical features visible during the sighting.

3. The objects were first noticed because of their brightness and unusual flight path. They moved in a lateral direction in the north, increasing their speed. They made a sudden change in direction, using our position, 200 yards north of the main gate to USNAS Roan Field, as the center point. The forward direction of the objects was along a northwest axis. This sudden change in direction was seen as they moved from the East in a westerly direction. The fourth object remained stationary throughout the sighting. After a maximum time of thirty seconds, each object periodically stopped and held their positions for a maximum time of thirty seconds, then accelerated and disappeared. Second, the lone object flickered and disappeared, and finally, they disappeared one at a time in the same manner as the previous.

4. These observations were made at 0230 Zulu visually from the ground. The night was clear and visibility was unobstructed, under a full moon with a cloud cover, with the winds at 210 degrees and twenty-five knots at fifty thousand feet. There was no recorded thunderstorm activity in the area, with no unusual meteorological conditions seen as reported.

5. The observers present were as follows:
John H. Schmitt, assign, NS-10, fleet replacement pilot  
David G. Smith, private first class, USNH Roan field replacement pilot  
John C. Goode, private first class, USNH Roan field replacement pilot  
Mrs. [redacted]