this would indicate that the "objects" were transparent — possibly gases.

NON-FACTUAL IMPRESSIONS:

(1) The objects appeared to be higher than about 500 feet.

(2) If it were assumed that their speed was that of a conventional aircraft (about 300 mph), I would estimate their attitude at approximately 3000 feet. I do not mean that they were at 3000 feet, I am only trying to establish the angular velocity of their position vector. My best guess would be 500 feet when directly overhead with speed of 50 mph, diameter of each object 0-feet.

(3) The time from first sighting to the time when they passed overhead was about 2 to 3 minutes.

(4) The time from passing overhead was approximately 1 to 2 minutes. (These are only good guesses.)

(5) The airport tower controller in Huntsville the next morning told me that there was only one small aircraft near the sighting area, but that it was South of there.

(6) I, personally, believe that it was not a conventional airplane.

(7) I leave open only the obscure possibility of balloons; however, I intuitively do not believe it was balloons, because of the rapid motion of the center object and the cancellation of light when the two crossed.

(8) If they were balloons at an altitude of 500 feet, and if assumption 2 is good, then the speed of the balloons would be 50 mph. Recalling that there was little or no noticeable wind on the ground, this would hardly seem realistic for such clear weather conditions. If they were balloons and farther away, they would have been traveling faster and they would have been very large.

(9) I do not believe the objects were reflection, since I saw them clearly with my head outside of the window. Also, since there were no clouds; I do not believe it was a reflection of a light on a cloud. (Absolutely a clear sky.)

(10) I am considerably (but not dogmatically) sure of what it was not.

The objects were clearly seen by my wife, all of my three children, and myself. The above observations, as stated, is true and contains our

D-24