The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting report from Project Blue Book. The report describes the sighting of a UFO over the town of Davers, Pennsylvania on April 13, 1965. The report states that the UFO was observed for 30 minutes and provides details about the appearance and movement of the object.

OCR text output:
WAKEFIELD 
MASS. 08/15

APR 1 3 1965

One Viewed for 30 Minutes

UFOS Sighted Over Town
SALEM EVEGI;•J'G UFOs Whiz
Danvers, Pa.
Witnesses: Boyds Station Operator, Mrs. B. Polesuet
of Danvers, Pa. 

It was a clear night and we were watching the UFOS which
appeared to be four in number. They were hovering over the houses
in an area about a half mile long and a quarter mile wide. We saw
them from 8:15 to 8:45 p.m. They appeared to be round in shape
and to give off a pulsating sort of light. 
At times they would zoom down to about 1,000 feet, and then would
rise up again. We thought at first they might be airplanes or
helicopters, but they moved too fast for that. At one point they
seemed to come together in a group and then spread out again. 
It was a very clear night, and the objects could be seen plainly.
I have never seen anything like this before. There were several
other people who saw the same thing.

OVER TOWN
With an unidentified flying object whirred off at a biq speed The 
Witness: J.Mary Variel was in the kitchen at her home in R.R. Ctr.,
Newcast le, Maine when she noticed the object. It was a huge round 
object, dazzling white in color. It hovered briefly, then shot off
at a fantastic speed toward the southeast, disappearing from sight
in about 1-1/2 to 2 minutes. She called her husband and son who 
also saw the object. They described it as being about 100 feet in
diameter, silent in operation. This was at 7:50 p.m. on April 1. 
Mrs. Variel stated that the object appeared to come from behind the 
houses and trees and that there was no sound associated with its
appearance or disappearance.

THIS WAS 
OF THE UFO