The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing "Space Tourists" and their behavior.

Space Tourists
by a.c.nead

Put me on record as believing in flying saucers. The next edition of the encyclopedia, if there ever is another, will have to devote several pages to this phenomenon. Some of them have been close enough to throw rocks at, so they tell me. If this is correct, I am extremely WELL-DECORATED on this topic.

The only question remaining is: Why are they doing this? Flitting around from one place to another, coming and going as they please. They seem to be looking for something and are becoming more and more bold in their operations.

They should leave us alone, we don't hurt them. Rather, these alien visitors are a dangerous obstacle besides. We have got off to a very bad start with the earthlings from another world that have been paying us a visit. The attitude of the local constabulary seems to be: "Find a nice quiet spot on which to set them down, is all important, and to heck with anything else." 

Some citizens are so concerned they have telephoned the police to come and see. In short order the police arrive, and then comes the embarrassing silence. They do not know what to do, can only stand by watch thing and feeling foolish.

Their job depends on refusing to admit that they, the police, are not equipped to handle the situation. As a result, they tell the citizen that he has seen nothing, or that it was merely an aircraft, like as not a jet! This stalling and lying we can do without. 

We are not to receive extremely bad notice in this galactic review. Perhaps we are not doing so good a job in this matter of UFOs.

It will be the one, for instance, dear reader, who happens to be the one to behold a saucer humming towards you, fly over and then zoom off into the distance. Don't go on telling that you have seen it, they are doing, in the darkness, even more alarming things.

We like the fellow on television who is looking for the creatures up him--sky. They even beam we'll at least have tried them at their case.