The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed report of unidentified flying objects observed from July 23 to 27, 1966. The report provides details such as the description of the objects, their color, size, and shape, as well as the observations made by the witnesses. The text of the report is as follows:

REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
JULY 23 - 27, 1966

A. Description of Objects:
1. Shapes: According to witnesses, the shape appears to be oval on a vertical axis; however, some witnesses have the impression that it was spherical.
2. Size: There is general agreement that the size was somewhat smaller than that of a pea. In some cases slightly smaller, in other cases slightly larger.
3. Color: No established color is known since it appears that the objects were light with a reddish cast and then white. The color is most frequently described as a rhythmic change. 
4. Number: The number of objects viewed is unknown since when first noted there were only two which attracted attention. After this occurred, more attention was paid to the objects, and an increasing number were noted so that by the night of July 27, 1966, morning of the 28th, may have amounted to as many as 15.
5. Formation: There was no particular formation detectable. It was noted that some of the objects would remain stationary for quite some time and then leave in a rapid direction change. On the other hand, some appeared to be for a purpose stated as one object remained in the same position for two hours and then departed in a horizontal direction at an extremely high rate of speed disappearing over the horizon. 
6. Features or details: Two witnesses, both FAA employees, testified that at least some of the objects appeared to be cylindrical in shape, although possibly flat. The object lowered was slightly larger in apparent size than the others. 
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust including size compared to objects: There was no tail, trail, or exhaust including size compared to objects. There was no apparent trail connecting the objects which appeared to hover.
8. Sound: No sound was heard by any observers or witnesses.
9. Unusual features: The most unusual feature of the objects was their ability to move off at rapid speed. The lighting features are themselves unusual in that some appeared to change in a gradual subtle manner while others had more abrupt changes. Some of these changes were very rhythmic while others were quite uneven and unpredictable. Another unusual feature appeared to be from observation alone without any physical aspects to the objects.