The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains an "Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) Information Sheet" to be filled out.

Transcription of the text in the document:

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in regard to the observance of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses to give answers to 2, 3, or 4, do not complete report.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.
3. a. Name                        Age            Occupation                Address  
b. Shape of Object   Circular     c. Color   Red  
d. Size (Compared to dime, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger item)   As large as basketball  
e. Number of Objects   1  
f. Formation, if more than one   Unusual features of object   
g. Was there a tail, vapor trail, or exhaust?   Yes    h. Any Sound   Whistling noise  
i. What called attention to the observer to the object? Unusual appearance of object hovering in sky
j. What angle and elevation was the object on first observation?  45 degrees   
k. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared?   20 degrees

m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and were there any maneuvers of the object?   No specific direction, just hovering  
n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.)?   Slowly disappearing vertically
o. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.)?   4 to 5 minutes  
p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescope, binoculars, etc.)?  Naked eye

q. Time and date of sighting   22:40 hrs 15 APR 66
r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk)   Night  
s. Geographical position of object (North, East, South of Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.) Directly overhead
t. Weather (clear day, hazy, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.)  Clear sky, broken clouds
u. Temperatures of day (80°, 90°, etc.)   65° 
v. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above:   

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observance of the object.