The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Reported phone call to Miss ______ in Melrose, Massachusetts 
which is just outside of Boston. This phone call took place on
November 30, 1966. Since it is so close to Boston, she is going 
to go in through with her daughter and a full detailed report
will be made to the Massachusetts data analysis organization
several things.

First of all, that the report was made to the Topsham Air Force 
Base and they seem to have sent out men and the people involved,
though they did not bother the witness. The witness reported that
the Air Force people didn't bother them, the reports of the witness
were quite detailed. The witnesses stated that the Topsham radar
had acquired the objects and that they should trace down and
because a distant relative of Miss _______, a Lieutenant General
in the Air Force's Prescribed Generator and Director Rep., who reportedly sent
down a plane with which the objects apparently played hide-and-
seek. There were not many light flights, but the lights were
reported to be attached to a solid object or the solid object
was never seen, a principal object was oval, something like
a child's balloon. I established that the objects moved with
respect to the stars and in two or three hours one
object went from the northeast to the southwest. She said that
the people in the town saw them, but many people were not
sufficiently impressed to want to do anything about it. She
herself spent a bit of time a hoping they would come down as
she was curious to see them, as she said, as she did
nothing about it. She said that the object would hover as
alive and close to it the object would suddenly dart
away in a sort of darts and robbers type of chase.

She went to hear a meeting by a retired OFFICER of NICAP and she 
said she did not mention anything about it in the question
period afterward because there were so many people making
crazy statements that she did not want to join them, or, I
should say, appear to join them.

J. Allen Hynek