The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 105 mphward 82
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? about 150 feet or less
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) 
e. At sea
f. Other kind of location (type) parked at home in driveway
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city 
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other  
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 15 3 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other 
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw. The object I saw was a bright unidentified object in the sky that appeared to be several moons in size. it had no visible means of propulsion and moved swiftly, changing direction rapidly. The object glowed with a bright whitish light and had a definite shape, but I could not make out any distinct details. It seemed to hover in one place for a short time before accelerating and moving out of my field of vision. I have no idea what this object was, but it was definitely not an ordinary aircraft or meteorological phenomenon. I am completely puzzled by what I saw.