The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. Since the image does not contain a human face, I will proceed to extract the text from the document as requested.

The rotting vegetation produces marsh gas which can be trapped during the winter by ice. When the spring thaw occurs, the gas may be released in some quantity. The flames, Minneneat says, is a form of chemical luminescence, and its low temperature is not known and could well be the subject of further investigation.

The glowing lights over the swamps near Dexter and Hillsdale were observed for two or three hours, and they were red, green, and yellow. They appeared to move sideways and to rise a short distance. No sound was heard except a popping sound.

It seems entirely likely that as the present spring thaw came, the trapped gases, CH4, H2S, and PH3, resulting from decomposition of organic material, were released. The chemistry book by Sienko and Plane cites this low temperature ignition of marsh gas as "combustion of the phosphine PH3 which may impure P2H4". The will-of-the-wisp, sometimes observed in marshes, may be due to spontaneous ignition of impure PH3 which might be formed by reduction of naturally occurring phosphorus compound.

It has been pointed out to the investigating personnel by other scientists that in some cases this in swamp gas the concentration of H2 and CH4 from decomposition could be ignited by the spontaneous burning of PH3.

The association of the sightings with swamps in this particular instance is more than coincidence. No group of witnesses observed any solid object or craft. Lieutenants Minkenett and Fitzpatrick described the glow from beyond a rise adjacent to the swamp as visible through the trees. He stated that the light brightened and dimmed much as stage lights do - smoothly and slowly - and this description exactly fits the hillside lighting also. The brightening and dimming could have been due to the release of variable quantities of gas.

The disappearance of the lights when people got close with flashlights or lights appears to indicate that these glow seemed bright to dark-adapted eyes. The night was dark and there was no moon. The Hillsdale girls said their room dark in order to see the swamp lights.

It appears very likely that the combination of the conditions of this particular winter (an unusually mild one in that area) and the particular weather conditions of that night - it was clear and there was little wind at either location - were such as to have produce this unusual and puzzling display.