The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

AFR 80-17
10 aircraft. Except as aircraft are determined to be natural or known, the Air Force will conduct investigations, within the limits of the "Air Force Technical Order Regulation", to determine the nature and identity of UFO's. The Air Force will make use of all available information in connection with these facts are forwarding through channels for Scientific analysis and that the results of this scientific analysis are forwarded for eventual action, where the regulations dictate that information should be forwarded further, or require special handling by the Air Force.
EXCEPTIONS: STD at Wright-Patterson AFB. The Air Force Capt in charge of UFO program may conduct any other investigations for special or technical reasons or when additional technical data seem essential, and (2) for analysis of any UFO sightings when results of investigations or other information indicates a TECHNICAL REASON for special investigation by STD. The main purpose of AFR 80-17 is to establish uniform procedures and insure adequate investigation of each sighting, so that proper scientific analysis can be made. STD will NOT disseminate information concerning UFO sightings to Government agencies, companies, or individuals, except as required by this regulation.
Section B - Public Relations SECTION: RELATED INFORMATION AND CONTACT:
The Air Force Scientific Advisory Board, the Project Bluebook Monitor, The Deputy Chief of Staff for Research and Development, the Commanding General of the Air Materiel Command, and others will support the program with current technological experience and continued cooperation. The Air Force desires maximum cooperation with scientists outside the Project Blue Book effort. Other Government agencies, such as the Central Intelligence Agency, may assist in this program. Interested Government agencies will be given the results of the Air Force investigations to aid in analyzing and determining the nature of the reported phenomena. All Air Force personnel will cooperate fully in furnishing information, evidence, and assistance relating to the UFO program. The regulations will forbid Air Force personnel from discussing UFO cases except with properly cleared personnel who have a definite need-to-know. Release of information to the public and to the news media will be handled solely by the Office of Information Services.