There does not appear to be any photograph or image in the provided document. The document appears to be a page of text describing a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the full text found in the document:

not on their bases. They were positive that there were clouds, and could not be
shaken into saying that the night was clear; in fact, they pointed to heavy cumulus
and said that the cloud cover was dense, like that.

Added information
According to the Indianapolis weather bureau, the cloud cover at 2155 was
three-tenths altocumulus in a layer at 16,000 feet, thickening to six-tenths an
hour later; there was another layer of altocumulus, about five-tenths cover,
above 20,000 feet. Therefore, stars could be seen between the clouds. The
high cirrus thickened to an overcast by 2255 hours at Indianapolis, and probably
later at Kokomo.
The layer at 16,000 feet would be intercepted by a horizontal beam of
light at a distance of 255 miles. A beam angled up at about 3.3 degrees would
make a spot that would appear overhead forty miles away.
The size of a spot forty miles away depends on the focal length of the
searchlight, the are size, and the throw distance. A 60-inch searchlight with
a 26-inch focal length and a 3/4-inch arc will make beam about 0.5 degrees
wide. At a forty-mile distance the spot will be 1800 feet in diameter. Viewed
from 15,000 feet below, this spot will subtend 6.5 degrees the short way, and
many times that in the long dimension, provided the cloud layer is horizontal. The apparent size was given as considerably smaller than this, so one must
conclude that (1) the searchlights were aimed through holes in the lower layer
to impinge on the higher layer, and/or (2) the searchlights were closer than
forty miles, (they could have been as close as 30 miles), or (3) the witnesses
underestimated the size.
Of these choices, the first seems somewhat likely, as the cover was only
three-tenths at 16,000 feet, while it began at five-tenths at 20,000 feet