The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a report on unidentified flying objects.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue. N. W. 
Washington 6, D.C. 

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force Investigating agencies, and additional questions designed to obtain more complete information.
After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in the regularly issued magazine, "The UFO Investigator." Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional space, please use the reverse side of this form. Thank you.

1. Name: Keith Bender
Address: 3100 Stanley 
Stovens Point, Wisc.
Occupation: Instructor
Education: B.S. Degree, M.S. Degree
2. Date of Observation: August 9, 1966
3. Locality of Observation: Big Fork, Montana
4. Hour and duration of observation: about 8:35 to about 8:50 PM (Montana Time) - 15 minutes.
5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky: it was bright daylight, visibility "clear." If at was visible, give the position of the sun or moon in relation to the object. It was at the horizon, dipping down to tree tops. 
6. Position of the object in the sky in relation to horizon, etc. The object was overhead, 90 degrees above the horizon.
7. Motion, speed, maneuvers: The object was completely stationary, motionless, never moving. The object was "spinning" or revolving very rapidly, more not noticed.
8. If you saw more than one object, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating size and shape as best you can.
ONE object was seen.
9. Please describe the object in detail. (Its color, size, shape, etc.). The object appeared as a bright star. It emitted a brilliant, pulsating white light, with a faint blue cast.
10. If seen at night, how did the object appear in relation to the stars? The object appeared as a bright as the brightest star.
11. If seen at night, did the object appear to be solid or transparent? solid
12. Did the object(s) appear to be guided or under intelligent control? The object exhibited a steady, unwavering motion, maintaining a 90 degree turn to the left. (North)
13. Did it make any noise? No.
16. Did the object(s) have any apparent structural details or appendages? None observed.
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) seen through binoculars, telescopes, or other optical aids? The object can only be described as a like a very bright star.