There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. However, the image does contain text from an old UFO report document. 

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

PUBLIC REACTION TO UFO'S

For nearly two decades, people throughout the world have evinced a strong, though cyclical interest in UFOs. The reported presence of aerial phenomena has held psychological significance for some, quasi-scientific importance for others, and a religious connotation for yet others. In general, there are two main groups of persons who study UFO's:

1. "UFOlogists" -- serious, scientific students of the exciting phenomena now taking place in our heavens. Of this intellectually curious group, many outstanding aviators, space scientists, and military personnel are numbered today.

2. "Contactees" or "saucerians" - many of these people purport to have made contact with those whom they believe to be the operators of UFOs, and with the utilization of mysterious and mystical techniques which are never subject to objective scientific analysis or other kinds of demonstrable proof.

Dr. Carl Jung, the psychologist, points out that despite the mass of observational data which has been accumulated, "the physical reality of UFOs remained a problematical matter."

The longer the uncertainty lasted, the greater became the probability that this obviously complicated phenomenon had an extremely important psychic component as well as a possible physical basis.

The psychological significance of the UFO, then, is a factor to be considered. Sagan states that "the interest in unidentified flying objects derives, perhaps, not so much from scientific curiosity as from unfulfilled religious needs." 

Whatever the significance of UFOs to various persons, dozens of organizations have been organized throughout the world "to collect UFO reports and publish 'the truth' allegedly suppressed by government sources."

Some of these groups maintain extensive data files.