There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text related to UFO reporting procedures and guidelines.

AFR 200-2
SECTION C - PREPARING AND SUBMITTING REPORTS
11. General Information:
a. Paragraphs 2 and 5 will serve as aids and guidance to screening, investigations, and reporting as prescribed in this regulation. The information contained in the reports of aerial objects and phenomena will be used to determine whether the report concerns a valid UFO within the provisions of this regulation.
b. To assure prompt and proper handling of UFO matters, personnel responsible for handling, screening, and processing all reports shall be briefed on the general procedures and requirements set forth in the provisions of this regulation.
7. Releasing Information. The Office of Information will release only that information which is considered releasable under existing laws and policies, or required for the public interest. This includes replies to correspondence (except confidential functions) with individuals requesting information or analysis of reports.
8. Exceptions. In response to local inquiries regarding any UFO reported in the vicinity, the organization concerned may release information to the press or the general public only when the nature, identification, and location of the sighting are a familiar or known fact. (See paragraph 11 f(2) below regarding non-releasable information).
9. Release by Non-Air Force Sources. If newsmen, writers, publishers, or private individuals desire to release unofficial information concerning UFO matters, they will make every effort to assure that the statements, opinions, and allegations of these individuals are not represented as official information.
10. Contacts with Air Force. Individuals or organizations desiring Air Force information or interviews, or private desire to go beyond the specific request to the Office of Information, will not contact private individuals on UFO cases, nor will they discuss their operations with other agencies or private individuals unless so directed, and then only on a "need-to-know" basis.
12. Methods for Transmitting Reports:
a. Together with any necessary screenings and investigatory preparatory to reporting, report all information on UFO's promptly. Electrical transmission, with a "Priority" precedence, is authorized.
b. Submit written reports of sightings over 3 days old on AF Form 112, "Intelligence Report."