Connersville Sighting

Persons who made observation:
Mr. W. V. Murray, R5, Connersville, Ind. Age 52, Electrical Maintance local factory.
Mrs. Margret Murray, R5, Connersville, Ind. Age 50, Housewife.
Stanley Murray, R5, Connersville, Ind. Age 20, part time industrial plant guard and
University student.
Miss Linda Currie, Colombus,Ind. Age 19, University student . ( not available for questioning

Time: Monday , Aug. 8, 1966, at 12:20 AM.
Locality: 2 miles S3 of the Triangle , a suburb S3 of Connersville, Ind.
Object in view: Stanley approximately 8 minutes, others approx. 7 or 7 minutes.
Sky conditions: Partial low cumulus cloud cover, average darkness visibility, no moon,
    stars seen occasionally, no wind.

Narrative ;
    Stanley pulled into drive of isolated farm house. He noticed a funny looking moon
in the sky E-S3 at 4C or 5C degrees elevation. He gave it no more thought and went into
the house. He had forgotten his books so had to return to the car. Now noticed the moon had
moved somewhat from where he had first noticed it. He studied the strange moon and claims
it dimmed when he opened the car door and the dome light came on. He claims the object
brightened when he shut the car door. I pointed out that perhaps the offset of the dome
light to his eyes or perhaps the clouds partially moving over the object had made it appear
that way. He doesn't think so , but was not q3 certain about cloud interference.
    Now convinced it was no moon, he rushed into the house where all were in bed.
Excitedly called out "Now dont get excited , keep the lights out and come and look at
this thing. " All hurried to the back kitchen door to watch the luminous object in the
bottom of the clouds. Asked why no one want into back yard to look , wife confessed to
fear of the strange object. The son said girl friend Linda was afraid and did not want
him to go out. Linda , left at the house alone several days later, locked all the doors
in broad daylight.
    Some clouds always around or under the object made it difficult to tell the exact
shape. To the father the object seemed elliptical (football or egg shaped), almost as
bright as a full moon, a firey redish orange color or like an arc light. He seen flare
fingers briefly on the left had side once. The object seemed to brighten and than dim
(pulsata). To the mother the object appeared a blunt cone shape, larger than a full moon,
bright orange in color, seemed to pulsate and just sat there in the sky. To the son the