There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a handwritten letter.

October 31, 1966
Home: 8 05 57 AM
Dear Sir: 
I just heard of your article "sighting to say the least and I would like to comment on it, if possible.

I was in my car alone - about 1:30 AM on 10-2-66 - I was driving on the east bound lane of Kenmore Rd. just a few blocks from my home in West Hyattsville, Md. and approximately 1/2 mile from the District of Columbia line. I had just turned on my lights and was proceeding slowly as the area was not well lighted.

As I approached a curve in the road, I noticed a bright light in the sky which appeared to be directly ahead of me. As I rounded the curve, the light came into clearer view and I realized it was not a star or planet but some type of aircraft or object. It was hovering in the sky and appeared to be almost directly over Kenmore Rd. ahead of me. As I continued to approach it, the object seemed to move slightly off to the right and then back again to the left. I could distinctly see the outline of the object but it was difficult to determine the exact shape as the illumination seemed to be emanating from the entire craft or object rather than from a single source. At one point, the object appeared to be shaped like a diamond or triangle. There were no flashing lights or other identifying features.

I watched this object for approximately 5 minutes as I slowly approached it. When I was within a block or so of the object, it suddenly moved off to the east at a high rate of speed and disappeared from sight. I continued driving slowly on Kenmore Rd. for a short distance and then turned off on another street leading to my home. I did not see the object again.

I am not a "sighter" or one who normally reports such incidents. In fact, this is the first time I have ever experienced anything like this in my life. I have given the details to you just as I recall them. I hope this information is of some use to you in your investigation of UFO sightings.