There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely containing a transcription or summary of an incident report.

The full text from the document is as follows:

18. Was the object - ?
19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Yes
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
Pencil: 
Dime: Silver dollar
Or, if smaller, apparent size in inches on other held at arm's length.
21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? My son wished to point them out
22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? On the highway near Ely, Nevada
23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? Flew off rapidly over the nearby mountains
24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a plane or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. Must have been much faster
25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the vicinity at the time or immediately afterwards, if so, how did they compare with the observed object(s)? None that I saw
26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s). Impossible to estimate, seemed very distant
27. Was the object(s) self-luminous or was it reflective? Self-luminous, glowing
28. Please send and address of other witnesses, if any. None known
29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction of the object(s) flight path, the duration of the sighting, etc. Map provided
30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? Ely is nearest town
31. Have you previously reported this sighting to any other official agency? No
32. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will not divulge your identity. If you do not wish our to use your name, we will keep it confidential.
33. Were you interviewed by Air Force investigators? If so, were any reasons for official classification given? No
34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will not divulge your identity. If you do not wish our to use your name, we will keep it confidential. No
35. Date of filling out this report: 4/1/1966
Signature: [Redacted]