The image appears to contain a photograph of a printed document. The document describes an incident related to a UFO sighting. The text mentions that the girls who were interviewed reported seeing a fairly bright red light and two yellowish lights, resembling Christmas tree lights, close to the ground in a marsh area. The lights were surrounded by a glow which rose every once in a while to about 150 feet above the swamp. The text also mentions that the witness initially thought the lights were marsh lights, but later stated that this was not what they actually were, and that the lights got more brilliant over time.

The text found in the document is as follows:

After getting this story from [REDACTED] at his home, we proceeded to the dormitory and talked with two of the girls who were interviewed. They were most cooperative and Miss Jo Wilson drew the attached picture, (Figure #4). Both girls told me that attention was first called by a casual glance out of the window which led to the remark by one of them "there's no house down there, is there?" or words to that effect. A fairly bright red light and two yellowish lights, resembling Christmas tree lights, according to the girls, were close to the ground in the marsh area, where, they obviously knew there was no house.
They reported no tangible object. They did remark, although there was much confusion, that several of the girls had seen a very bright light sweep past the window just before the main sightings. As for the story relative to this, in contrast to the fairly consistent description to the lights in the swamp, the witness stated that his first impression of the lights were that they were marsh lights, otherwise known as fox lights, etc. He told me that he was about to say that this was what they actually were, but just about the time he thought he had the solution, the red light on the right and the white light on the left (a location of these lights did not agree with the girls' description) started to get more brilliant. It was at this time that the lights appeared to