The image appears to contain a newspaper article with the headline "Fiery Ball Seen In Utica Skies". The article describes an observation of a "fiery ball" or "called meteorite" by several people in Utica, New York on the evening of April 26, 1966. The article interviews various witnesses, including a high school student, a university observatory official, and an Air Force spokesman, who provide details about the sighting and attempt to analyze or explain the phenomenon. No additional photograph is present in the image.

CALLED METEORITE
Utica, N. Y. Apr. 26 (AP) - A fiery ball which zoomed through the sky over Utica on Tuesday night was described as a "called meteorite" by federal aviation authorities today.
The object was seen by Marianne, the cashier at the Utica Daily Press, and others at 9:05 p.m. It was described as a "reddish-blue ball and reddish-orange in color." The object lasted for 25 seconds.
Jeffrey Crover, 14-year-old son of Mrs. Betty Crover of West Drive, who with his parents saw the object, said "it went straight across the sky, then it began to go downward."
DeGeorge, who was with friend, described the object as "reddish-orange and extremely bright, much brighter than any star."
The Rev. Richard P. Wheatley, chairman of the Hayden Planetarium, said the firehall was an "exceptionally bright meteor, many times brighter than the sky's brightest star."
If would continue the luminous trail which would mean it was at least 100 miles high, he said. 
A spokesmen at the U.S. Naval Observatory in Washington said it was an "exceptionally bright meteor" and the observatory confirmed the sighting.
The director of the University Observatory said the object could have been space debris which got heated up when it entered the atmosphere and therefore burns itself out as it descends.
A reliable source is travel at a level attitude, he said. But the small console control would indicate the size is not large, the object was several times brighter than all other recent UFO sightings.
A. Griffing, Air Force, spokesman, said it was definitely not a satellite, nor any known aircraft entering the atmosphere and burning up as it did. It could not have been produced by natural causes, he added.
(Continued on Page 2)