The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document.

Gentlemen:

On the night of being called drunk, of course, or a jackpot, 
psychoneurotic, as they are sometimes nicknamed, I had several experiences of which I do not know what to make account:

About 12:66 noon on the day of 10 May 1966, I was walking west from my sister's home where I had spent the night. As I walked past my car, I noticed a light or lights that I did not recognize over a distance of something less than one mile west of Dobbston, Ohio. My brother-in-law said they were (at that time) about two and one-half miles west of there and moving slowly to the northwest. 

As I approached the bridge, I noticed--or heard rather--a low pulsating humming sound. It was very much like the noise made by a jet's engines as it levels off after climb.

As I looked toward the sky in the direction from whence it came, I saw large objects sitting stationary in the sky. I think there were two of them, and it seemed to me that if they had not been stationary, they would be outrunning any sound I had heard. So I just stood there watching them.

Flying along at what I believed to be an attitude of from four to five thousand feet, approximately, were these objects. Their color was an amber or light tan. It was not actually brilliantly shining, but seemed to glow from within. They were definitely disc-shaped rather than round, and seemed to glide with little or no visible means of propulsion.

I called to my sister-in-law who was within calling distance, but she evidently did not see what I was observing, as she made no comment. I watched the objects for several minutes, and then they merely seemed to disappear. I could have blinked my eyes, I suppose, and they could have been gone, but I do not think that was the case. It was as if they had simply winked out of sight.

I called to my son who was outside and he, too, saw the objects and described them in much the same way I have. My brother-in-law, however, stated that he had not been able to see the objects at all.