The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not contain any photographs. It is a form with questions and answers related to a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes  No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes  No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an aircraft (type)
e. At sea
f. Other (specify) I was indoors at first and then went outside to watch it

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Flyover on airfield ?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. East  c. South  d. West
e. Northeast  f. Southeast  g. Southwest  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) YES  NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES  NO
b. Sun glasses YES  NO
c. Windshield YES  NO
d. Window glass YES  NO
e. Binoculars YES  NO
f. Telescope YES  NO
g. Theodolite YES  NO 
h. Other (Specify) 22 x

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
When I first saw the light I thought it was a plane landing. This was because it was much brighter than any stars. After watching it for a short while my impression changed. It was not going down but appeared to be rising in the sky. By the time it faded out it was almost directly overhead at what appeared to be a good distance away.