The image does not contain any photographs. However, it does contain text that appears to be an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

CONCLUSIONS

To date, the firm conclusions of Project Blue Book are: (1) no unidentified flying object reported, investigated and evaluated by the Air Force has ever proven to be a threat to our national security; (2) there is no evidence that sightings categorized as unidentified represent technological developments or principles beyond the range of present-day scientific knowledge; and (3) there has been no evidence indicating that sightings categorized as unidentified are extraterrestrial vehicles.

The Air Force will continue to investigate all reports of unusual aerial phenomena over the United States. The services of qualified scientists and technicians will continue to be used to investigate and analyze these reports, and periodic reports on the subject will be made.

The former Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, Mr. Carl Vinson, recently commented on the conduct of the UFO program by the Air Force and stated that Congressional hearings on this subject are unnecessary.

The Air Force does not deny the possibility that some form of life may exist on other planets in the universe. However, it does state, the Air Force has concluded nor discovered any evidence which tends to indicate that aerial phenomena exist which are beyond the range of present-day scientific knowledge. The Air Force continues to maintain an open invitation to anyone who feels that he possesses any evidence of extraterrestrial vehicles operating within the earth's near space environment. The address for this purpose is through the following address:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK INFORMATION OFFICE
SAFOI
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20330

Anyone observing what he considers to be an unidentified flying object should report it to the nearest Air Force Base. Persons submitting a UFO report to the Air Force are free to discuss any aspect of the report with anyone. The Air Force does not seek to limit discussion on such reports and does not withhold or censor any information pertaining to this unidentified program.