The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Blown up at a rapid at an high rate of speed appeared
(Circle One) Yes No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Close - don't know - seemed close rather rather than feet away
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Estimated around 1500 ft

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast approximately were you moving? Est 55 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield (Glass) Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other one - appeared to hang in air didn't do anything just remained stationary

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when you looked up in the sky, should give the same appearance as the one you saw.
It was a bright light, a fluorescent light, something like a hanging light, that a dim glow about it but it remained stationary and steady didn't move or blink or do anything just hung there. It was about the size of a baseball size at arm's length and had a fuzzy halo effect or fuzzy glow around it - no defined edges. It seemed to be at a high altitude, not like an aircraft or anything moving. Appeared to be over the surrounding countryside but couldn't tell exact distance or size since there were no reference points nearby.