The provided image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page of text from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and extract all the text found in the document.

in the field. He suggested that someone be sent out to observe the tracks and possibly explain them.  
AT 22 1914, 24:20 Gen Homer G. Goebel, Lt Col Thomas E. Marking,
Capt Edward A. Skroch and MSgt Everett E. Bratt arrived at the scene of the reported sighting. They described the ground being undisturbed with no evidence of landing. The impressions were ball-shaped, 10' in diameter and 2' deep. In the center of the impressions was a mound of disturbed dirt 26-30" in diameter and 1-3" high. Apparently there was no evidence of digging and the impressions were compacted solidly. It is assumed from the condition of the ground that something supported itself above the ground, leaving no definitive tracks. The evidence was insufficient to substantiate traffic but no vehicular tracks were seen entering the field. The impressions were assumed to have been caused by some object coming in close proximity to the ground, but definite cause was insignificant indicating l milliroentgens on PDR-27. No electrical transmissions were noted.
The information in a through c. above was obtained through an interview with the observer. The impression gained was that the observer was overly excited for his age. Although he admitted being frightened at the time, his story did not vary in the several interviews. When asked to describe without hesitation or apparent doubt what he thought he observed, he apparently was quite positive about what he saw. Although the observer could possibly have fabricated the story, the observer obviously lacks observational experience. The impressions could have been made by individuals, but the instrument would not have been quite heavy and sturdy enough to make it. Limited prior to 15 September since the boy was reluctant to mention it to anyone, even his mother.
The possibility that some ball lightning phenomenon was observed is considered, but the probability would seem remote. The wind velocity is given as "calm a whirling or "dust devil" must be ruled out since the ground showed no disturbance. While ball lightning has been known to occur, the activity at the Gninnir Weather Station, the cold front at this time was east of Fargo, south of Gwinner but north of Aberdeen.
If one assumes a relationship between the sighting and the impressions in the field, then any meteorological phenomenon must be considered, but the definite cause for the impressions is uncertain.