The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO sighting observation.

Dear Sir:
While in Russell Park late Thursday night, my friend and I saw a highly unusual light in the night sky. This is the report of what we saw:
Friday morning, 8 July, 1966 between 00:30 and 00:30 
A light was observed from the north end of Russell Park. This light was to the northwest approaching from the south of West Canada valley and gaining altitude. The light was first observed as a single light. It then appeared to increase in size and separate into a double light in the rectangular shape of the spectrum. The light made a very sharp turn to the left and then back again, then another sharp turn to the right and back again. The light increased in brilliance. The maneuvers could not be determined. The object was at an approximate 45 degrees elevation. The light was lost behind clouds at about 00:35.
Friday morning, 8 July, 1966 at 01:00
Cloud cover had dissipated. This brilliant reddish light was observed from the same location. It was observed through binoculars and was a fairly large luminescent object. Through binoculars it was fairly distinct. This light moved to the west and at 01:15 had moved out of sight into the clouds. The turning radius for the course changes (see drawing #1). The turning radius for the course changes averaged less than the diameter of the object as it moved from point to point. There was no sound.
First sighted it was at a position angle of 10 to 20 degrees. The light was lost from sight.
Friday morning, 8 July, 1966 at 01:15
Light was again observed at a location as described above. Light again made a direct reversal to the course. This time the turn was more abrupt and again increased brilliance after the turn was completed and moved off the way it had come. Through the binoculars no detail could be seen.
Friday morning, 8 July, 1966 at 01:25
Light was again observed at the location last seen. This time the last two lights. The course was the same as before while coming towards us. This time the light blinked out. The light was not seen again.