The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten letter from someone in Springfield, Ohio dated September 9, 1966. The letter discusses a UFO sighting that the writer's son and a friend had witnessed the previous evening. The writer states that they called the local newspaper, the News-Sun, to see if anyone else had reported the sighting, but were told that no one else had reported anything similar. The writer goes on to describe the UFO they witnessed, stating that it was somewhat oval-shaped and bright in the sky, hovering and moving slowly before disappearing. The writer expresses uncertainty about what they saw, but is certain that it was not an airplane or any other known object.

Springfield, 45505, Ohio 
September 9, 1966

Dear Sir:
A friend of mine told me to write to this address in 
regard to the right persons what my son and I saw one evening
last week. My son and I as well as a neighbor who as I know
was therefore did nothing other than call the News-Sun to see if 
anyone else had reported a similar sighting. They were told that 
no such report had been made for Springfield Vicinity, but I 
assure no one else made a similar report because they did not include 
any information in the paper.

On Thursday evening, August 11, 1966, my 12 year old son and 
I were somewhat overcast and only a few stars high in the sky were
seen. As we looked to the west, a bright object in the evening 
horizon came to our attention and within about an hour the sky was 
very clear. Anyway, the object seemed to be perhaps over a mile 
distant and seemed to be and was hovering there and as we watched, 
it seemed to look for any oncoming cars a bright object took both
our attention and our son exclaimed "What is that?" there in the 
sky from our viewpoint, some 5 miles west of the Village lights at
Springfield our attention was drawn particularly to the manner in
which it seemed slowly to rise or lift from behind the Village lights 
to a point higher almost directly overhead. We watched it very closely
as to our view looked low, maybe about 15 degrees up. At the time
the evening light was fading so it appeared quite bright compared
to the growing object got to the point where it was almost over 
our heads and we noticed it was oval shaped with a central core and
glowing steadily, and the south end, we back side pulsating from
the direction we had first noticed it. We have a CB and I called
my husband as he could look out at the object, but he did not see
it on the othr end, so we decided to go back around the block to 
the point that we decided to leave, the object made a sharp 90 
degree turn and disappeared in the west. We could not see it after
that. However, we heard a faint whirring sound as if it took off
and seemed and sounding similar to the sound of your own model 
airplane on take off. The sound we have no other way to describe. 
There was no color, no clouds other than that.