The image provided appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph or image present on this page, only text.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

Near Ann Arbor, Mich., a disc-shaped UFO, estimated at 30 feet in diameter, 6 feet thick, was reported on March 26 by William Kartlick, a Research Associate at the University of Michigan working on a NASA project; Robert Amick, electronics technician, and Emile Greenier, a Ford Motor Co. electrical engineer. Grenier said the UFO emitted a brilliant red light. After several maneuvers, it descended to about 10 feet and flew parallel with a road for several moments.

Over 8,000 UFO sightings are on record at NICAP, including verified reports by hundreds of veteran pilots, astronomers, tower operators and other qualified observers in the U.S. and abroad. These include detailed daytime encounters with disc-shaped objects, maneuvering singly or in formations, at speeds far surpassing any known aircraft or missile operating in our atmosphere. Evaluation by NICAP has shown definite shapes, patterns and maneuvers, indicating that the unknown objects are operating under intelligent control.

Some of these encounters, especially recent close approaches and "touch landings" have been at extremely close range. "Either all these witnesses are mistaken or deluded," states NICAP, "or else the UFOs reported by competent observers are real, and the craft possess capabilities officially described as 'impossible'." 

A number of USAF officers in NICAP, including Col. Joseph Bryan III, USAFR, and Maj. John McLeod, USAFR, have fully confirmed the official secrecy. Col. Bryan, NICAP Board member, has also stated he knows of hundreds of UFO sightings by reliable observers, many confirmed by radar, proving the objects are far superior to anything known on earth. These UFOs are extraterrestrial devices observing the earth, Col. Bryan has stated. "The secrecy is wrong and dangerous."