The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document from Project Blue Book, an official United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

OCR Output:
18. Was the object - Self - luminous
a. Shape? Oval
b. Dull finish?
C. Brightness? Bright
d. Transparent?
19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? It rose only in relation to the horizon
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Dime No relationship was made - this best describes the comparison or size is that it
was the size of a silver was larger
dollar.
21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? After a previous observation of a UFO I scanned
the sky and saw this object.
23. Was anything unusual about the object noted at the time of the sighting? This object was in Yellowstone National Park awaiting
a ride home.
24. After the sighting, were you or other persons involved questioned about the incident by any official or unofficial agencies? No, I was not questioned.
25. Were photographs, motion pictures, or other physical evidence taken of the object(s)? If so, please elaborate. None
26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s). Impossible, as it was only a
brief observation.
27. Estimate the size of the object(s). Please make an estimate that indicates the size. Impossible, as it was only a
brief observation.
28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. My 91 year old sister, and other
relatives who saw the object from different viewpoints.
29. From what direction was the object(s) first observed, and what was its course? From the East, moving slowly, silently, steadily and then disappeared.
30. Is there an air, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? None that I know of that could have been the source of this observation, unless it was some secret project.
31. Have you ever had other UFO sightings, described on an accompanying form? No, this is the first time.
32. Please give any other information you feel is pertinent to this report. This includes time, date, location, and weather conditions. The time was in the early evening, and the weather was clear.
33. Were you interrogated or asked not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate, if possible. No, I was not interrogated or asked not to discuss this sighting.
34. If you should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report, this action will encourage other responsible citizens to step forward with their observations. However, if you prefer, your name will be kept confidential. Please check (x) the appropriate box below.
You may use my name. ( ) Please keep my name confidential. (x)
35. Date of filling out this report: Oct. 13, 1966 Signature: [Redacted]