The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a written document. The text in the document describes an incident where the witness observed some unidentified lights in the sky near Akron, Ohio on June 25, 1966. The document provides details about the witness's observations, including the movement and behavior of the lights. It also mentions that the witness thought the lights might have been a landing craft, but ultimately could not determine what the object was. The text in the document is as follows:

On june 25th (saturday) my husband and I had a very strange encounter in the Medina county area. It was between 10:00 and 11:00 PM and we were out a steady passed of 60 and 70 mph. We saw a clear warm night and the stars were bright.

I happened to glance out the window to my right (east) and just above the horizon I could see very bright white lights. I noticed that there was no airport near the area, because the lights did seem to glance up and go across the sky in an erratic manner. It was lower than the stars in the area. But it was quite a bit further south than we were.

I started watching the road again and the lights winked out. Then again, the lights winked at the same rate (about 500 yards to the right-east) more time. I turned to my husband and said I thought it was landing. I unvoluntly decided it was more light beams coming toward the left (west) in the erratic fashion like one would when one was turned one around. It gave a couple of winks then it seemed to come closer and I turned the radio off to see if I could hear anything. Nothing was heard. I told my husband that it was probably a helicopter or an airplane with all of its lights on and that most of the cars on the road were going at least 70 mph on.

I glanced down to see if there was a clear place to get off the road. It was close, I could see it floating from . as I looked at it. left it right slowly. I rolled down the window to see and smell anything unusual and the area was just as quiet as it always was and my husband said it was probably a helicopter or an airplane with all of its lights on and that most of the cars on the road were going at least 70 mph on.

It was in the shape of a doughnut on its side and had a small red flashing light on it. It did n't way from one side to another but followed us almost at the same speed and altitude as we were going. It seemed to be about the size of a juke box, and you could see all of the colors all of the colors came from our car. I guess we thought maybe it was a plane and it thought the freeway was a landing strip but when we talked this over there did not seem to be all allowance for the wings between the lights and also the landing light is so much larger than this lights.

It followed us at the same speed for about 2 minutes, then it veered (at an angle) whatever motion any higher and I lost it in the trees.