This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which was a program run by the United States Air Force to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or form with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object. The questions cover topics such as the object's speed, distance, location, and the observer's activities at the time of the sighting. There are also questions about the use of various optical devices to observe the object.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would output it:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1. What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2. How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3. Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No 
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.