The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document discusses the Air Force's investigation of UFOs, including comments from various committee members on the percentage of reported UFO sightings that included photographs. The text also discusses the Air Force's position on the possibility of life existing on other planets.

On April 5, 1966, Dr. Harold Brown, Secretary of the Air Force, accompanied by Dr. J. Allen Hynek and Maj. Hector Quintanilla, Jr., UFO project officer, appeared before the House Committee on Armed Services.

Dr. Brown assured the Committee that:

Although the past 18 years of investigating unidentified flying objects have not identified any threat to our national security, or evidence that the unidentified objects are technologically superior to present-day scientific knowledge, or any evidence of extra-terrestrial vehicles, the Air Force continues to investigate such phenomena with an open mind and with the finest technical equipment available.

Later in the testimony, various Committee members raised questions regarding UFOs sighted on radar, or photographed. Dr. Hynek estimated that "only about 1 percent, or less" of the cases reported to the Air Force have included photographs. When asked what percentage of the reported incidents in the United States have been viewed on radar screens, Maj. Quintanilla indicated "about 1.5 percent", and later noted that "We have no radar cases which are unexplained."

It has been shown that several groups -- Congressional, senior military, and scientific -- have taken an interest in and examined evidence related to UFO sightings. The great majority of UFOs have been identified as known objects or natural conditions. In no instance has the Air Force or any other official group purported to have the answer regarding the existence of life in outer space.