The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

INVESTIGATION REPORT
USE ONE SIDE ONLY
CONFIDENTIAL
Page #: 1
File #: CASE 11-88
Case: 4-17-66 5102 Type: UFO
(Date - Time) Reported By: Chief Gerald F. Buchert
Assigned to: Chief Buchert Mantis Police Department
Evidence obtained. Yes ( X ), No, ( )
Prosecutor's Report submitted to:
PROGRESS REPORT:
At about 5 A.M., April 17, 1966, a radio call from Summit County Sheriff's Office requesting Mantis Police Department to send a patrol car to search for a UFO which was reported near Route 8 and I-76, along the boundary of Summit and Portage Counties. The Mantis Police Department requested Portage County Sheriff's Department to look for a UFO which was reported in their jurisdiction. According to Sheriff Buchert, the object was described as being very bright and seemed to be hovering approximately 100-150 feet from the ground. It was also reported that the object was at least 20-30 feet in diameter, and it lighted up the area intensely. I sighted it again at about 6 A.M. and I shined every searchlight that we could muster and it appeared to stay in the same general area. (3-14-4) The object remained in approximately the same area even after daylight and was sighted by me and it was very clear out with no clouds or stars in the sky. The object was located about 2 miles northeast of this city, near the boundary line of Summit and Portage Counties.
It is my opinion that the light was narrow by the object and became wider as I watched it, and it did not appear to be moving. I then moved up and down still observing it, and it did not appear to be moving. (3-14-4) I then called the Ohio State Highway Patrol, Mantis district office and informed them of the object and they sent a cruiser. The object departed at approximately 6:40 A.M. The opinion the object definitely was controlled by some means because when it moved down and away, it maintained a controlled motion. I took 3 pictures of the object from my front yard located at 4437 Orchard Hill, Mantis, Ohio. When the object disappeared, I waited until daylight and checked the area, which is a very open field, and there were no markings on the ground at 14, the film was black & white #127.
INVESTIGATOR'S COMMENTS: Around 6 A.M. the object was again sighted and appeared to be saucer-shaped and was glowing, and it moved upwards with a pulsating light coming from the object. The object seemed to be larger than any star ever seen by this officer. The object had no wings or protrusions and appeared to be silent. The investigator believes the object is stated because it would be purely a "guess" on my part.
Gerald F. Buchert
Chief of Police
Mantis Police Dept.
44266