The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter addressed to "Major Quintanilla" from someone in Watertown, New York, dated August 22, 1967.

Text from the document:

WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON, OHIO

Dear Major Quintanilla:

In the current September, Mechanix-Illustrated, I read with interest your interview, Blue Book and your interview.

I am an Asst. Chief Engineer of Radio Station WPAS-FM located just five miles due west of USAF Base at Watertown, New York where the observation is excellent.

Just a few movements I gone on duty at 6 P.M. 1800 hours, on a Sunday. The temperature was 40 below freezing. The wind was light. Sky was clear. Up in the 0110 F.M. the object came from the northerly direction. It was my first observation of this nature.

Almost direct overhead for an instant. It was lit up in an eerie bluish light, slightly trailing a bright exhaust con.The object appeared to be about 30 feet long, with its red flashing beacons. He called to me to hurry inside the observation tower, which contained forecast and showing gear for the station. Before I could react, the object moved off in a northerly direction. It was lit up in an eerie bluish light, slightly trailing a bright exhaust con.

Almost as much as I strained to hear, only the rustle of wind thru the trees could be detected. The object was very clearly defined against the sky, and I watched it into my binoculars for the sequence of events happen this way. As the Chief parked his car and alighted, he saw this very bright beam flashing, and as quick as a flash it was gone. I didn't give it much thought until I was directly overhead. At this point, I looked up and saw the overhead object again heading in an easterly course. Of course, I didn't get out of the building. a minute went by and the overhead object was now fading and the sighting was over.

In summing up, what we saw was definitely not a plane, or a helicopter, or meteors, or any known object in the sky. I would be glad to elaborate on any further questions. Enclosed is a sketch of what I saw.

Yours very truly,