There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document which appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

MOTIONAL REACTIONS ---
a. Heard 'my dent ye' soon from the house (wanted to see what was going on out there)
b. Got up and went out. Saw something going up over the trees toward the west - lit up like a star. Just a second saw it and it was gone. Ran back and bang and can up to see what was it. - This was a ball of fire like an airplane going up and then gone. Scared and sort of can back and then is seemed to be and went up to what we call it . Afraid, but was not too scared and put my head under the cover. I do know I did that. They were thinking that it might come again but it does not. Then after a while the light starts to disappear. date referred and was in before it was all over. With and trying to find out what it is and could not hear anything about it. I said because of the verification by
VERIFICATION PEOPLE -
The Station Manager of the City Police and Sheriff was queried concerning sighting and have
necessaty. However the Cooperation here we do not of the best and something could have happened in Cooperation here which we have not. and will be impossible direct time of the best. and is possible direct line of the best.

SOME ADDITIONAL INVESTIGATION/TENTATIVE APPRAISAL AND POSSIBLE CONCLUSIONS. ---
Our little experience (one year's best scientific) Estimattly questioning
growing unaccounts and unsteady in descriptions. That is to say we are a rove
together can say does say a lot of most of the complexity and the impossible and quite
difficult to appraise and would not like to give any conclusion at this time. Because
of the hallucination by some persons simultaneously could be impossible since
hallucination is not typical of your every day experience. Our witness had no mental
disorder. However, a study of the witness' statements off tape and on shows indicate
that our witness may not have been quite clear about one particular object. And looks
like not. but we have not have not yet certain. Later said he sees height. about
second later said it was low. 
a.  could not be star or any other known planetaries later said two red lights. 
b. Up then said it was frontwards a later said is was going up backwards.
Time because - it the additional things we examined and the weight of consideration that
something going off and something came on the side and did not last. I don't imply now
that it did not happen, -because - it happened,. and there was a statement to
that effe.ct. I did not vary gas apparently however, how much was statent to a statement to
the contrary, - so hence conclusion - no certain, but considerable doubt.