There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

Transcribing the text in the image:

the coming up of it for rather to the object it got smaller looked real small than four miles on the dark object(?) - you realize that when you turn away and look at it again it will disappear although you didn't see it go anywhere 
Cade did see the object move and it moved up and down but while watching it it went up and then back down again - said that the beam coming out of the object was more or less narrow
Mr. Cade said it was not unusual in shape and it did not see any change in its shape or color while it was in view - he said it seemed to be shining or reflecting lgt and appeared to be metallic
He did not see any port holes or doors and did not see any motion as of it going away or of anything like that - he only saw it for about three seconds - Mr. Cade seemed to be quite sure of what he saw but was unable to describe it more fully - Mrs. Cade did not see the object at all
They said that this thing -  the object - was in the sky in front of their house and seemed to be slightly lower than the top of the trees
They said it had a steady glow or light - a dull light of sort that was not blinking or flashing -  it just seemed to be shining or reflecting light -(asked Father Donnelley) as I would describe it it is a dull steady glow or light  - nothing flashing or blinking
It didn't seem to be very bright - quite dull or dim but still quite distinguishable - 
(asked Father Donnelley)If it was like a star only brighter - no not like a star only brighter -it had no twinkle or movement like a star - it was a steady unblinking glow or shimmer
(asked Father Donnelley) As you would describe it , what kind of a thing would you say it was? Well I would hesitate to speculate on what it was, but I would say that if I saw such a thing in the sky I would certainly wonder what it was. I could not say that it was any familiar object that I know of in the sky. Let me ask you - did it seem to be quite large, or rather small? They said it seemed to be quite small -slightly smaller than a dinner plate held at arm's length perhaps - about the size of a dinner plate perhaps
(asked Father Donnelley) Did you notice whether there was any sound or noise associated with it? No, there was no sound or noise at all - it was absolutely silent. If there had been any sound I am sure we would have noticed it. But there was no sound whatsoever.
(asked Father Donnelley)So this thing hovered or seemed to move up and down a little bit, but did not go anywhere else, and did not change in size or shape during the time you were able to observe it? That's correct - it just hovered up and down a little bit, but did not go anywhere else, and did not change in size or shape. It just seemed to hover there for a few seconds. When I first saw it I wondered if it was an airplane or satellite or something like that, but it soon became obvious that it was none of those familiar things. There was no noise, and it just hovered and changed elevation a little bit. Very puzzling. 
(asked Father Donnelley)What would you say was the total length of time that you were able to observe this object? Only about 3 seconds I would say - it was a very brief sighting. 
So in summary, you saw this small, metallic-appearing object hovering and changing elevation slightly, but not going anywhere, and with no noise - is that correct? Yes, that's a fair summary of what we saw. It was very puzzling, and we're not sure what to make of it.