The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a written account of a UFO sighting.

sighting
Page 2 August 3, 1966
awoke, and decided to look and see if the object were still there. By standing
very close to the window and looking east with the field glasses, she immediately
saw three objects which were very bright, very irregular in shape, much closer
than the previous object. She was frightened at first, because of the great
increase in brightness and the appearance of more objects. They remained
perfectly motionless (the field-glasses were in sharp focus all the time except when she
hazed for.) After a brief time they disappeared again.t the dark sky
Up to see the objects. At 0645, the sun was right where she had seen the objects,
and they were no longer visible.
After hearing the witnesses' stories, the investigator asked to see the
bedroom from which the sightings were made. The chimney was pointed out, and
the approximate location of the first object determined. The investigator,
checking for possible reflections, asked if the window opened; the sighting
was through the right-hand half of the window, which opened by sliding to the
left (west). Mr. Demon demonstrated how he lay back across the bed, and
watched the object with the binoculars for an extended period; Mrs.
also demonstrated how she observed the object. Both were looking through the
right-hand pane, the half that opened, and was open that night. That window
action was strange, and the investigator noticed that some stress-lights
showed a crest-shaped distribution of reflections off the wires of the screen. 
He pointed this out to the witnesses, and asked them to look at the streetlights through the binoculars. Mrs. immediately, "Why, that's 
just how the object looked!" She was quite amazed. Mr. then tried
the glasses. Mr. then tried the glasses, and agreed that the effect
was the same. In the glasses definite diffraction colors could be seen in
the crest-shaped reflections.