The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report. It contains no photograph, only text describing various details about a reported UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

(1) Clear, dark night and no moon.
(2) Surface 220/uk: 6000 160/s: 10000 210/e: 16000 220/hk:
(3) Estimated 400 foot ceiling in area.
(4) Have (3) miles in fog. Wind 320°/6k.
(5) Overcast, surface temperature 56°F and Dew Point 53°F.
(6) Not applicable.
(7) Not available.

This office contact by the preparing officer with local airports, Sheriff's Office, Highway Patrol, and Police Departments concerning the unusual occurrence in the area during the sighting period resulted in negative findings. The officers did remember hearing a low flying aircraft but did not see any UFO Observance. Number 6 comment that they had witnessed a low flying aircraft but did not obtain visual sighting.

1. Not applicable. 

Civilian and military airports, and FAA facilities reported negative that anything unusual in the reported area during the time of the sighting. However, this office has observed that some pilots and observers in hilly areas do not report flying sightings.

Major Robert L. Hess, Major, USAF, FV2101634, Chief, Helicopter Section, SAC, CID/IC/CED/CF:

Analysis by preparing officers. During this season of the year, layer of status clouds extending inland for approximately eight to ten miles observed in the area. If operation of a low-flying aircraft was involved, it is probable that the light will tend to diffuse and take on the appearance of a halo around the craft. In this case, the principal observer stated that the objects appeared to be halo-like, and was the same airrate lighted and unlighted. Condition as given would seem to give explanation to irregularity in airport in the area, flying distance and was the same airrate lighted and unlighted. Because of the angle from which the objects were observed, it is possible that the reported red lights could have been the trailing edge of the wings, but this could not be confirmed. The lack of any reported sound could be attributed to the direction of the wind and the cloud condition could explain the change in shape of the objects. The lack of any reported sound could be attributed to the observer being in an enclosed automobile with the motor and heater on.