The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old news report or document.

Text from the document:

OBJECT NEWS
Tuesday, March 22, 1966

"To Probe 'Saucers'"

Last the object reappeared some and his impressions." Harvey the reported. stance away. moments later reported: the sheriff had had all depu- The sheriff is combining those reports together and checking Wednesday night and on March ties who were some distance to see if many of them can be 23 the Blackiston department away from town visit the site reconciled. had a film taken of the object throughout the area where Man- The theory said he is watching to see if the reports will conflict itself.  The sheriff said those ner said he saw the object but with each other to any great de- who were some distance away portions said there was no gree and if they seem to be the from town also saw the object but evidence of any kind on the film. same did not see what Manner said same in many ways he is inclining did not realize what they were saw. The sheriff is combing more to believe the reports in see-ing at the time.  Found: The sheriff said there those reports together and check- spite of the fact that they conflict was considerable activity in the ing to see if many of them can be in some ways. area that night and many persons reconciled.  Last night crowds of curious persons were said to have seen something He theory said he is watching to gathered 7 information about the se see if the reports will conflict with object. There have been no infor- Manor farm area where farm- each other to any great degree mation received by his depart-ers claimed to have seen some- and if they seem to be the same ment on the film that they took. thing unexplained earlier this in many ways he is inclining more to one film ha been sent to New week. However, nothing was found. and to believe the reports in spite York for processing and is the The sheriff explained that he of the fact that they conflict in only indication they have at the is making every effort to correlate some ways. Last night crowds of moment. the various reports ine has re- curious persons gathered 7 in- ceived. He said, "I don't know formation about the Manor farm my men and I trust my instincts area where farmers claimed to so far but there are certain things have seen something unusual we have seen that you would earlier this week. However, noth-probably say, 'If I had seen that, ing was found. The sheriff explains I would have thought that they that he is making every effort to have seen something also.'" The correlate the various re-ports he sheriff said the reports range has received. He said, "I don't know from mild to fantastic. what my men and I trust my in-stints so far but there are certain things we have seen that you would 

Council Postpones Attorney Subject

By Ron Cordray
Discussion of policies relating to the hiring or outside he in-formed the council at its meeting last night. 

For-th B. Ward, Councilman-at-large, said retains the Defense attorney until the council ap-proves. He said be believed it would be substantial if an attorney was hired and continued to be retained for that long without the council's ap-proval.

Forter also said the retain-er for the Defense attorney would be $2,000. This is generally between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m., some-times on weekends, sometimes at night.