There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

AFR 200-2

and AF Form 112A, "Supplement to AF Form 112", (see paragraphs 14 and 15). However, keep the use of these forms to a minimum in reporting initial sightings. The delay offer involved in processing through channels may make followup investigation difficult, producing only limited usable data. Reporting by electrical means will eliminate this delay. If requested by the AFSCC (PFDD), AF Form 112 will provide a followup and/or complete report of all sightings initially reported.

13. Where To Submit Reports:
a. Electrical Reports. Submit multiple ad-dressed electrical reports to:
(1) Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, Colo-rado
(2) Nearest Air Division (Defense) (For United States only)
(3) Air Force Systems Command, Foreign Technology Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
(4) Headquarters, USAF (AFMIN), Wash 25 DC
(5) Secretary of the Air Force (SAFOI), Wash DC 

b. Written Reports (Basic letters and AF Form 112): 
(1) Basic Letters. Submit all letter reports direct to the AFSCC (PFDD). The AFSCC (PFDD) will provide screening and analysis of these reports, on-the-spot investigations in the United States and to the Office of Information Services of nearest Air Force base.
(2) AF Form 112. Submit original report (including sketches) within 10 days, direct to HQ USAF (AFOIX) Wash 25 DC, and a copy to AFSCC.

c. Reports from Civilians. Where possible, ad-vise civilian sources contributing reporting UFO's to submit the report, for processing and transmission, to the nearest Air Force base.

14. Basic Reporting Data and Format. Show the abbreviation "UFO" at the beginning of the report. Include the following data in the format of written reports. Include the required data in all reports, in the order shown below:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape.
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pea, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held at arm's length.
(3) Color.
(4) Number.
(5) Formation, if more than one.
(6) Any discernible features or details.
(7) Trail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s).
(8) Sound; if heard, describe sound.
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features.

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of ob-server(s) to the object(s)?
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of ob-ject(s) when first observed.
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of ob-ject(s) upon disappearance.
(4) Description of flight path and maneu-vers of object(s).
(5) How long (were) the object(s) visible? (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use the one or any combination of the fol-lowing: Ground-visual, air-visual; ground-electronic, air-electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar).
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof.
(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, and time of day.

4. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting.
(2) Light conditions. (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk.)

5. Location of Observer(s). Give exact lati-tude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position. In electrical reports, give also, such as "2mi N of Deedale", "3mi SW of Blue Lake," "Topographical errors or 'garbling' often occur in electrically transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.