There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report form with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes 700 mph
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes 2000 feet 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. Outside
    d. In an airplane (type)
    e. At sea

23. Were you (Circle One):
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open country?
    d. In an airplane country?"
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over open country?
    g. Other (explain) Hazlet, New Jersey

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North South East West Northwest
    24.2 How fast were you moving? (Estimate speed in miles per hour) 
    24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Check all that apply)
    a. Eyeglasses    Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
    c. Windshield    Yes   No
    d. Telescope     Yes   No
    e. Binoculars    Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The object appeared about the size of a quarter held at arm's length. It was metallic gray in color and appeared to be approximately round in shape. The object seemed to be moving at a high rate of speed and produced no apparent noise or trail. I observed the object for about 30 seconds as it moved across the sky from north to south. The sky was clear and there were only a few scattered clouds at the time.