The image contains a photograph analysis report. The report states that the photography includes 8-35 mm color transparencies, 8 B&W 8 x 10 prints, and 8-35 mm B&W negatives. The purpose of the report is to analyze Work Order Number 67-12 submitted by Major H. Quintanilla, Jr. for analysis and determination of the objects' identities.

The analysis section describes the slides and prints, noting that slide #1 appears to be a normally exposed good quality transparency, and slide #7 may show a ship in emulsion possibly caused by processing. The report also describes the apparent movement and reflection of the objects in the slides, and mentions that the linear patterns shown in slides #12 and #13 may indicate trails of smoke, gas, vapor, or exhaust.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NR 67-9 PAGE 1 OF 2 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT 14 February 1967
SUBJECT UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS, CLINTON, MISSOURI
LOCATION CLINTON, MISSOURI
DATE AUG, SEPT, OCT 66
PHOTOGRAPHY
8 - 35 mm Color Transparencies, 8 B&W 8 x 10 Prints, 8 - 35 mm B&W Negatives
1. PURPOSE: The purpose of this report is to answer Work Order Number 67-12 submitted by
Major H. Quintanilla, Jr. for an analysis and determination of the objects' identities, if
possible.
2. ANALYSIS:
a. Slides #1 & #7, from this analysis, appear to be as follows: #1 is a normally
exposed good quality transparency with one water spot or ship in emulsion probably caused
in processing. #7 may also show a ship in emulsion, but the details are not as clearly
defined. This condition may be the result of processing or of a dust particle on the
slide and is not of major significance.
b. Slides #10, and #11, were taken in the hours of near darkness
and slides #12 and #13 were taken in daylight. All four of these slides appear to have been
taken through the same window or nearly so, and all appear to show approximately the same
object or group of objects. Slide #10 shows what appears to be a source of light or
similar illumination, Slide #11 shows what may be a reflection or shadow of the same light
source, or a similar subsequent light source in the same approximate position.
Dependence upon the time lapse between frames, but do show changes occurring.
Slide #12 and #13 appear to show a trail or trail-like pattern, possibly indicating the
movement of the object and make the object or image appear longer. These conditions
have been met and the object or image has a longer density and appears smaller. An aircraft
compared to the same object is much larger and has a more significant wing span.
c. Slides #12 and #13 show linear patterns such as smoke, gas, vapor or exhaust
trails. These patterns appear to approximately the same as the lights or reflections in slides
#10 and #11. The linear patterns of the object in slides #12 and #13 are nearly parallel to the
apparent movement of the light in slides #1 and #11. The similarity of implied motion in these three
of the frames, together with the linear patterns noting in the same axis and
same direction, such as traffic on an airport approach or runway.