The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AIR FORCE STATEMENT REGARDING THE UFO SIGHTINGS AT DEXTER, MICHIGAN, ON MARCH 20, 1966, AND HILLSDALE, MICHIGAN, ON MARCH 21, 1966

The investigation of these two sightings was conducted by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, scientific consultant to Project Blue Book, personnel from Selfridge AFB, Michigan; and personnel from the Project Blue Book office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

In addition to these two specific cases, there has been a flood of reports of similar cases both before and after March 20 and 21. The investigating personnel have not had the time to investigate all of these. It has been determined, however, that in Hillsdale, over and above the sincere and honest reporting by the young ladies at Hillsdale College, certain young men have claimed with certain claims. It has been determined that the press was taken on March 17, just before sunrise near Milan, Michigan, and have nothing to do with the cases in question. The photograph clearly shows trails made as a result of a time exposure of the rising sun and the plane making.

The majority of observers in both the Dexter and Hillsdale cases have reported only sightings glowing lights near the ground - red, yellow, and blue-green. They have not described an object. The only two observers who did describe an object state that they were no closer than 500 yards - better than a quarter of a mile away - a distance which shall be determined.

Witnesses have described slowing lights - lights that seem to move but never rise above certain glow or lights which suddenly disappeared and popped up at another place. The locals in both cases insist the loation was of the slow-moving light flown which distinguish in a swamp between trees and mountains. At Hillsdale it was seen in a swampy depression between the girls and the distant trees. It was in both cases a very localized phenomena. The swampy location is most significant.

A swamp is a place of rotting vegetation and decomposition. Swamps are not a province of astronomers. As the famous Dutch astronomer, Minnaert, in his book, Light and Color in the Open Air, describes lights that have been seen in swamps by the astronomers-Essel and others, these lights sometimes show flickering motion and pulsating above it. The flames go out in one place and suddenly appear in another, giving the illusion of motion. The colors are sometimes yellow, sometimes red, and sometimes blue-green. No heat is felt, and the lights do not constrain or char the ground. They can appear for hours at a time. They can appear for hours at a time. There is no sound except for the popping sound of little explosions such as when a gas bubble is ignited.