The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document that describes a UFO sighting report.

The text in the document is as follows:

SIGHTING REPORT

At 7:40 PM, March 25, 1966, I was driving my family south on California Highway No. 1 from San Simeon toward Cambria, where the road is near the ocean. Approximately south-east, we were at a point about 1 mile north of the position where Santa Rosa Creek empties into the ocean.

I noticed a brilliant orange light ahead and above the car, seemingly at a considerable distance. It maneuvered to my son Eddie, and then it disappeared and after about ten seconds re-appeared. I drove the car to the side of the road and got out looking. This interval between one to two minutes as we discussed it, then went out again. It came on again and after another period of one to two minutes, went out for the last time.

We then noticed a contrail, unusually bright for the light of the thin crescent moon, and seemingly pure white as though the light of the crescent set sun was not diminishing. The contrail had a large "head" at the point where the light had been last seen, and this had the appearance of a large mushroom head. We searched the area with a flashlight and aimed it at the contrail but the light remained fixed. We estimated the attitude and azimuth, direction and length of the contrail with time allowances. We then returned to Cambria Pines Inn.

The light did not abruptly turn off or on, but took about one half to one second to diminish and re-appear. It did not seem to radiate in the same manner as the regular lights observed throughout the observations. The brightness can be compared with that of aircraft landing lights at Lindbergh Field, and was perhaps twice the brightness of the light of a plane in the vicinity of this field when directly overhead.

The sky was brilliantly clear with stars of fifth magnitude easily visible. Checking with Polaris: the thread of the contrail was estimated to be of 450 Altitude and 880 Azimuth, plus/minus 50. The contrail head northwest-southeast. It was pointing at a star cluster in the sky, which as near as we can determine had been there all along.

It had been fully dark, only 20-25 minutes, but the sun was still below the horizon, the contrail did not disappear appreciably during the time we observed it; about ten minutes. No sound was heard at any time.

My opinion is that these phenomena arose from the action of an aircraft lightning discharge activity, common and familiar phenomenon, electrical in nature. The sudden condensation conditions in a narrow area and growing membrance turned on the glowing trails growing out of a bursting or condensation, or perhaps sudden unfolding. I cannot explain the brilliant orange color.