There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document with text only. As an OCR system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

SUMMARY AND CONCLUSION

1. I believe that the persons contacted did in fact see something and that all witnesses were reliable to a degree. The fact that all agreed on the time of the sighting, the area of sighting, the colors of lights, the shining character of the fact that all had noticed sound directions, all these facts tend to strengthen the fact that the UFO was a real object in flight over the city.

2. The wind at the time of the incident was west south west at about fifteen knots. Since this would tend to blow the sound away from the sighting area, this would support the fact that no sound was heard.

3. Since an overhead pattern is flown by the airlines arriving at the Bloomington airport, and since these patterns are made at a relatively low altitude in order to determine the wind direction and landing runway, one could account for the strange object in question accidentally descending in flight below these patterns. As landings are made, they usually have power reduced in order to lose airspeed and descend into the landing patterns.

4. The sky condition on the night of the incident was overcast and hazy. Under these conditions, it is almost impossible to determine the size of the object while in flight. The lights of the city reflecting on the bottom of the object in question could and usually do present to the viewer a strange contrast of light and shadow effect.

5. The DC-3 operated by the Ozark Airlines, arrives at the Bloomington airport, has a height of about 16 feet and a wing span of about 95 feet. This information places the airliner over the city of Normal, Illinois at the precise time of the UFO sighting. The standard lighting configuration of the DC-3 is comparable to that of the UFO when viewed from various angles. The fact that the pilot and co-pilot of this plane identified the lights as their own is strong evidence that the object sighted and the incident may have been actually the DC-3 airliner under certain conditions at night can cause colors to be mistaken by the bending and absorption of light rays.

6. I feel that most witnesses were reliable until facts became confused as in the case of Steve Simpson. Prior to his sighting of the object, his recollection of the sequence of events was quite normal. However, when he saw the object, his subsequent imagination was greatly aroused, and this undoubtedly colored his report and changed his original sighting. Also, comments on 'hovering and stationary flight' at the blinking lights overhead starred adding as after thought since he stated originally that the object moved from the northern lights to the northeast and then lost in the clouds. As more the sequence of events became and the more the additional fantasies were excluded. For example, Mrs Simpson had to disagree with her son on the number of lights, the colors of lights and the flight path of the object after she had changed his original testimony.