The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text from the document is as follows:

"The sightings (cont'd)
The disappearance took place over a definite period of time. The phenomenon appeared very suddenly to the northeast, moved across to the southwest, and disappeared as suddenly, leaving in its wake the peculiar phenomenon of the outline of the ellipse and tail bending slightly as it disappeared. The apparent speed was absolutely incredible, the object appearing to be moving many times faster than any aircraft or missile known to our military forces. The entire performance was characterized by incredible acceleration and deceleration abilities. 

The observer, an experienced pilot, kept the object under continuous observation during its very brief appearance. Carr did not have his 16 x 50 binoculars with him, although the bincocular's use certainly would have been a fantastic sight, and its true characterisitics could well have been established.

The independent sighting of this "other-world" phenomenon was described as follows: The object was oval or elliptical in shape, very brilliant, and of a bluish color. It was surrounded by a nebulous field of light which seemed to be in motion, so that the surface of the object could not be clearly discerned. As the object traveled, it left behind a tail or trail, the color of which was described as being a bluish-green in color. The tail appeared to be made up of small droplets or particles. This luminous trail behind the object was observed for the full extent of its travel, disappearing suddenly as the object itself disappeared. The entire performance, from appearance to disappearance, was witnessed over a definite period of time, but its length is not specified.

An angle of 3 degrees was established between the lines of sight to the beginning and end of the object's travel. Ground distance was determined to be approximately 10 miles. Calculations indicate the object's velocity to have been in the neighborhood of 9,000 miles per hour.

The observer was a thoroughly reliable, experienced pilot, and his report was given in a manner which left no doubt in the minds of the investigators as to its truth and accuracy."