There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image seems to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

rise. The lights made their ascent and descent some four times between 1130 pm, 21 March and 1:45 am, 22 March. he thought that between the two lights he could see a mass and thought it was convex shaped. The girls, however, had described only a red light at that position. 
The arrows on the sketch indicate, according to the girls, the extent of the horizontal and vertical motion of the lights.
In Hillsdale, Mr. clearly the best observer as far as technical background was concerned, yet his knowledge of physics is not good.
After I had gotten back to Ann Arbor we had a few more phone talks, and at one time he called me rather late at home to inform me that he was seeing lights in the sky near the horizon and that through binoculars the lights were vertical lines, green on top, yellow in the middle, and red on the bottom. He failed to recognize this as the effects of atmospheric refraction of starlight into a small spectrum. also struck me as a man who becomes enamoured with an idea and tends to lose objectively in favor of the idea. He tends to find a hobby horse, as was indicated when he marshalled all his forces at a later date to set out to prove the marsh gas hypothesis wrong.
I am not reporting at this time the numerous side investigations, such as a trip to the home of a young chap who had reported to Van Horn that he had a photograph of a UFO. I visited this chap at Hillsdale and discovered that, as far as was concerned, he had photographed a blimp. I did give him $2 for a print, just for the record, which I never received. I will not also report at this time the many peripheral conversations I had with individual policemen from the office of the Sheriff of Washtena.w County at Ann Arbor, Michigan (Sheriff Harvey, and a number of his deputies), members of the Chelsea Police.