The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

Weston, Mass. Sighting - Page 2

Look there, later became known and clear general service binoculars. He said that he didn't expect to see anything unusual as he was going out for some routine chores, and he apparently was thoroughly surprised when he looked up when he was working with these things and he told immediately the thing was bigger than a jet aircraft and at an elevation of probably 60°, and it was moving very slowly directly in front of him, for some distance, to the southwest. He took his binoculars and took a look at it and it was still there. And the motion was very slow, and he had a good chance to observe it.

He described the flight as one having a white spectral, one of very high coloration or iridescent quality, and almost hypnotically brilliant. He said for comparison, that something like the reflection of sunlight on a glass surface would be a description but this also occurred when the sun was not shining. It seemed to be self-luminous and the brilliant spectrum of color changed in an hourqlass. The central white light was flickered to a wider arc around the perimeter. The observer noted the maneuvers were apparently not those of a conventional aircraft, such as jets or the like that he was used to seeing. Almost an hourqlass. The central white light was flickered to a wider arc around the perimeter. 

With respect to the maneuvers of the object during the five or ten minutes this was observed, the witness reported communications conversations and observance of objects from branches served as a reference framework for judging the motions of the object. It's not apparent that anything that relates to this question but that the flight did actually move through small area in an erratic and stopped and paused in mid-air, such a way as a man who is used to observing devitations of a few seconds seems extremely slow compared to normal conventional aircraft.

After five or ten minutes, the object went away and disappeared. And when it did, the witness said that the object moved to the southwest and was looking at a whole and then this object moved to the northwest and upward and disappeared.