The image contains an official letter from the University of Pennsylvania's Flower and Cook Observatory, dated December 28, 1965. There is no photograph present in this particular document.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA
PHILADELPHIA 4

Flower and Cook Observatory  
December 28, 1965

Major Quintanilla, 
Hq USAF, Project BLUE BOOK,
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Thank you for your letter of December 20, inviting a set of reports from Miss Ochlid. Having read them over, I am sorry to say that they were very disappointing. Nevertheless I am glad to have them for our files, and did find one or two definite sightings which were not entirely clear.

This reminds me of the time when Miss O. was doing very good lady seems well and I will send her $1.37 in hopes she can get into her car.

In the large batch of reports for the first six months of 1965, you kindly sent me, I have been going over them in detail and have come to the conclusion that while many of them may have natural causes, they are too numerous and puzzling to dismiss as such. The time of day, locations, and descriptions all seem to indicate something quite extraordinary, although of course a matter of judgment.

Altitude and azimuth data was given in some of your reports, which we checked carefully at the observatory. These also seem to indicate a pattern pointing to real objects rather than visual delusions. They help visualize what can be seen and give it a certain intelligibility.

It is a mystery to me that so many educated people can see so much on a starry night. Naturally where in the sky it started and where it ended, giving full descriptions, even to the colors, would help considerably. Every report would be valuable, but unfortunately they are not. But extensive use of diagrams should help greatly.

We are brining this to the attention of the A.F.S. in our work, and with best wishes for 1966, I am 

Sincerely yours,
Charles P. Olivier
C. P. OLIVIER
AMERICAN OPTICAL SOCIETY
521 N. Woodstock St.
PHILADELPHIA 30, PA.
15072