The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the Dearborn Observatory of Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, dated July 30, 1956.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS
July 30, 1956

Dear Marilyn:
My dictaphone broke down and so my original plan to dictate the whole report and then have you type it has been foiled. You'll have to type as much of the interim report as you can yourself. This report is being sent to you, as indicated, copy of the final report for my files - thanks.

REPORT ON THE DEXTER-HILLSDALE, MICHIGAN UFO SIGHTINGS OF 20-21 MARCH 1956

In my capacity as scientific consultant to the Air Force on UFO's, I was requested to investigate this case which, for some reason, had captured public attention and were the subject of many radio and press articles. It was considered that definitive observations could be made at the actual site, so I was asked to do so. As had Mr. Valley and Mr. Hynek, a far better job of handling this matter could have been done if I had not had to wait over a week to get on the spot.
Once there, scenes of Dexter and Hillsdale - and Ann Arbor and Chelsea - confronted me. I studied the site of the 'landing' and the traces on the ground (a grassy field). I realized that the task was far too great for one man if all the necessary data was to be obtained. The many cars and people who were "militated" because I had either not had a chance to talk with them or was able to give only cursory attention, would later serve as a basis for much of the final inaccuracies. I could have used an assistant interrogator separately the single witnesses who had gathered, however, since none of us knew what proportions these incidents would assume as the press, radio and TV men - it was impossible to talk quietly with anyone without interrupting for "just a word" or "will you answer just one question?" It is difficult for the layman to understand how arduous the Dexter case reportedly complicated when the Hillsdale episode appeared. The public clamor was so great and the queries so numerous, I had no authority to select those I would interview.
Here again is where some assistants would have come in handy. They could have diverted the reporters while I talked to the witnesses. The media some clever interference run for him in cases like this, it is virtually impossible to do it single-handed. By contrast, it would have been little trouble if I had been assisted with the proper personnel to cope with the details of the investigation. The witnesses were invaluable in chasing down leads, assisting in photogrammetric work, and providing interpretations which, in turn, led to new areas to be explored. They were irreplaceable.