The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a pair of high-altitude experimental rockets, fired northwest of Las Vegas shortly after dark yesterday, resulting in an eerie green glow over Southern Nevada startling thousands of residents. The rockets were visible for 13 minutes over the entire western United States from Southern California to Colorado. Their purpose, according to officials at the Tonopah Test Range, was to investigate high-altitude wind patterns and dispersion layers in the stratified atmosphere. The rockets, launched with two-stage Nike-Cajun propulsion systems, started appearing at an altitude of 91 miles, and the fast-moving rockets began depositing a chemical compound that formed a glowing green cloud and vapor trail in the clear sky. The chemicals continued to be ejected until the rockets reached peak altitudes of 109 and 129 miles. From Las Vegas, the green cloud from the first rocket appeared to pulsate and was circular, while the second rocket emitted a thick vapor trail as it headed straight up, then arced and sped downward. Rocket debris later fell on the Tonopah Test Range.

Text Transcription:

"Green Glob' Hovers In LV Heavens

A pair of high altitude experimental rockets, fired northwest of Las Vegas shortly after dark yesterday, resulted in an eerie green glow over Southern Nevada startling thousands of residents.

They were seen for 13 minutes over the entire western United States from Southern California to Colorado.

Their purpose, according to officials at the Tonopah Test Range, was to investigate high altitude wind patterns and dispersion layers in the stratified atmosphere.

The rockets, launched with two-stage Nike-Cajun propulsion systems, soared upward at 5:15 and 5:31 p.m.

When they approached altitude of 91 miles, the fast moving rockets began depositing a chemical compound called aluminum chaff, which formed a glowing green cloud and vapor trail in the clear sky.

The chemicals continued to be ejected until the rockets reached peak altitudes of 109 and 129 miles.

From Las Vegas, the green cloud from the first rocket appeared to pulsate and was circular, while the second rocket emitted a thick vapor trail as it headed straight up, then arced and sped downward.

Rocket debris later fell on the Tonopah Test Range."