The image appears to contain a technical analysis report for a UFO sighting. There is no photograph included in this particular page of the document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NR 55-44
SUBJECT: UFO ANALYSIS
LOCATION: LEGAO, ALBAY, PHILIPPINES
DATE: 27 JUNE 1955
P HTR 259 1235

1. PURPOSE: To analyze photographs of purported UFO's that was taken by Mr. Jose C. Tuican at Legao, Albay, Philippines. These photographs were forwarded by the Chief of the Philippine Air Force for analysis.
2. PHOTOGRAPHY: The photographs were received in cut into two sections at frame number 4, and torn at frame number 5. The film is identified as 16mm Safety "Kodalith" film which is panchromatic black-and-white (sic) film used for aerial photography at the Republic of the Philippines.
3. ANALYSIS: The images on the film appear to be that of a luminous, elliptical-shaped object which are inhomogeneous along the longitudinal axis. The emission spectrum of this object, as determined from the density-versus-wavelength curve, indicates the existence of several emissions, primarily in the ultra-violet and blue-green regions of the spectrum.
4. INTERPRETATION: The results of the analysis indicate that the images on the film represent an unidentified aerial object, possibly a UFO. A consideration of the spectral analysis and the general nature of the object indicate that the object may have been a natural phenomenon rather than an artificial craft. However, since the object was photographed at some distance, and the quality of the images is not optimum, a definitive identification cannot be made based solely on the film record. The image dimensions and brightness suggest that the object may have been relatively large and bright.
5. CONCLUSION: The film record does not provide sufficient data to determine the exact nature of the object photographed. However, the available evidence does not permit a definitive identification as a conventional aircraft or natural phenomenon. An attempt should be made to obtain additional photographic or other data on this object to permit a more conclusive analysis. 
Following is an analysis of the aforementioned materials:
Frame No. 1 -The character indicates to be consistent 31 messages to be deciphered, and encloses an area in brackets approximately 2 inches wide. Is this the only message or are the one or more to be assumed ?