This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with handwritten answers.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The written response describes the object disappearing gradually, fading away.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The written response indicates the object moved behind something, and the witness answered "YES" that it did move behind something.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The written response indicates the object moved in front of something, and the witness answered "YES" that it did move in front of something.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - The written response describes the sound as "silent".
b. Color - The written response describes the color as "a large white glowing object".

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The written response provides an estimate of the angular size of the object compared to a match stick.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The image contains a handwritten sketch of the observed object.

The text of the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It faded away gradually, went dim and disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it went behind:
It moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
It moved in front of a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Silent
b. Color a large white glowing object

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The object would have been covered by 1/4 to 1/2 the length of the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The sketch shows a round, glowing white object with an arrow indicating its direction of movement.