There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Please furnish all the information you can with regard to the observance of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses to give answers, so report.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.

3. a. Name: [REDACTED] 
   b. Phone: [REDACTED]     
   c. Address: [REDACTED]
   d. Occupation: [REDACTED]
   e. Age: 35

b. Shape of Object: Full round
c. Size (compare to dimensions, baseball, basketball, or larger item): Larger than baseball or basketball
f. Formation: If more than one: 1
g. Unusual features of object: n/D 1. Any Sound: Y/P
i. What called attention to the observer: A flash and elevation was the object on first observation
j. What angle and elevation was the object on first observation: 30-40 degrees
k. What angle and elevation was the object when last seen: 20-30 degrees

l. What time and duration was the object when disappeared: 10:15 P.M. 2-3 minutes

m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and were there any maneuvers of the object: From east to west - flat

n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.): Gradually to the west

o. How long was the object visible (5 min., 1 hour, etc.): 2-3 minutes
p. How was the object observed (naked eye, binoculars, telescope, etc.): Naked eye

q. Time and date of sighting: 2205 4-2-66 13 July 66
r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk): Dark
s. Geographical position of observer (North or South of Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.): North of Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead
t. Weather (clear, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.): Clear
u. Temperatures of day (80 * 90*, etc.): 90 *
v. OTHER INFORMATION: NONE

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observance of the object.