The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

ON HEELS OF CHASE 

REPORTS GO BACK 39 Apr 66

Ad Plane Causes 
Another UFO Flap

Another "flying object" was reported to several Beaver County police departments by many Beaver County residents Monday night, but it is now believed the object was an airplane chartered by The Air Force's Project Blue Book.

The reports came on the heels of a widely publicized sighting of an unidentified flying object by several Beaver County residents Sunday night. One of the residents who reported seeing the object that night said he was surprised to learn that the object he saw on Sunday night may have been a chartered airplane.

The reports of the latest sighting came in from various parts of Beaver County Monday night, indicating that several residents had observed a bright light in the sky. 

MEANWHILE, the investigation of the Sunday night sighting has turned up some unusual information. It was reported that the Beaver County Sheriff's office received a call concerning the Sunday night sighting from a Beaver County resident who is a private airplane pilot. The pilot reported that he was in the air at the time of the sighting and that he observed the object in question. He said the object was not an airplane.

William Weigel, Pittsburgh, Pa. , was contacted by the Beaver County Sheriff's office concerning the sighting. Weigel, who is said to be an investigator for a private UFO investigating agency, told the sheriff's office that he was in the area at the time of the sighting and that he also observed the object. 

Dale Spaur and Joel Huff, two deputy sheriffs who encountered the UFO, were told the details of the investigation. They were advised to return to Ravenna, Ohio, where they work, and await further instructions.

It was then decided to return to the area of the sighting Monday night to obtain a picture of the "object" which was still in the sky. However, the object apparently disappeared and no pictures were obtained. 

A picture of the object observed Sunday night has been promised by Maj. James Quintanilla, who is heading the Air Force's investigation of the sighting.