10 OCT 66                                    No clear finds only
                                                      - 2nd hand report -


18 Oct. 66

     Personnel interview with Neil Gallomore of Bowersville, Ohio revealed the following:

     The alleged UFO has landed between route 73 and 123 for three straight nights and hovered over the ground for a forth night. On the forth night the object hovered about 1000 feet off the ground. 4 boys went up to about 100 yards from the object. The object was making a beeping sound at this time. As the boys approached the object they shined a flashlight at the object. All of a sudden the object shined a light back at the boys. The boys then turned and ran.

     The object was banana shaped and red in color. There were lights on the landing gear. Also visible were red, green, and white lights. On all four the object was visible from 2130 to 2200 hours. The sheriff and some other men were keeping the crowd away from the object. Mr. Gallomore never saw the object except on one night he saw a white light slowly move toward the SE. The sheriff gave Mr. Gallomore a bum stear.

     Also at the scene of the dighting there was grass smashed down but there were no burnt marks. Mr. Gallomore said that he thought the sighting should be reported even though it was about a week late. He called Clinton County AFB on Saturday and they told him that they would contact WP AFB about the sighting.


18 Oct. 66

     Contact was made with Major Wilson Clinton County AFB, Ohio regarding the observation of UFOs over the Hillsboro area. The only report that they had received was from a Mr. Gallomore who called and asked if the base knew of the sighting. The actual observers did not report the observation to the Air Force. Major Wilson said that from time to time the Army has maneuvers in the area. He said that if could be possible that the people involved could have seen a chopper landing. Major Wilson did not know what the people could have seen. He did not know of any definite activity that was going on at the time.