This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a historical document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

Utica-Rome Area Buzzin' Over Illusive UFOs
By PETER GARICH
Something is playing hide-and-seek with its glowing orbs at night in the Utica Valley, according to Valley Forge travelers.
Central Airlines personnel at Utica-Oneida County Airport, across the Mohawk Valley from Rome, are encountering UFOs almost every night, according to various reports.
Unidentified flying objects (UFOs), many sighted along the dark roads and cornfields of the area, are being reported to police, newspapers, radio, television and military officials with the past month.
THESE REPORTS indicated that a young couple watched as a strange aerial light hovered over them for almost three hours. Though smaller lights have been traced to other planes from the area base, the latest sightings defy explanation, according to the direst reports.
UFO SIGHTINGS throughout the Mohawk Valley stepped up after a wave of reports earlier in the month. That doesn't mean a thing, it could be a coincidence, says M. Sgt. George St. Clair at Griffiss AFB, near Rome.
He said reports had been sent in "dozens" coming in a month from several witnesses, "some indicating the sightings were made for several years."
Capt. William C. Watson of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) quoted estimates that there are about 12,000 people who have observed UFOs. Many more would likely have seen them if "only they would report them," he says.
He said Mrs. Powery Granger of Utica reported her sighting of a UFO "as a great orange-red light like a window to a furnace" above her home.
THE COUPLE'S report has their car stopped for almost three hours as they watched the brilliant lights, said Sgt. St. Clair. Other reports tell of UFOs hovering over the Mohawk Valley and other sections of Central New York.
Mrs. Powery Granger of Utica reported her sighting of a UFO "as a great orange-red light like a window to a furnace" above her home.
GRIFFISS spokesmen say that they were receiving UFO reports early this month, but had no latest record since then, and add reports had been sent in dozens from witnesses, "some indicating the sightings were made for several years."