The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report describing two UFO sightings that occurred on April 25, 1966 in the Northeastern United States.

Text from the document:

To: HQ03 Headquarters Squadron, S.C.P.S.I.S., U.S.A.F.
Subject: UFO sightings of 25April 66
Dear Sirs:
The following is a report of two sightings of objects in the sky on the night of 25 April 66. Witnesses in both cases were two civilians, Gould, and Byers, who were driving an automobile approximately eight miles south of Kingston, N.Y. between 9:45 and 10:00 p.m.
At approximately 9:10 - 9:15 p.m. a flickering light drew the attention of the two witnesses to the sky. This light seemed to be moving at a high altitude from the S.S.W. in a direct line. The light was of a pulsating nature, blue-green in color and appeared to be the size of the mass of the moon. Because of its flickering nature, it was difficult to estimate the size. It was estimated by height and size that the object was several thousand feet in altitude and approximately 300 to 400 feet in diameter. The object continued on a straight course and disappeared beyond the horizon but did burn out completely.
This sighting lasted approximately 30 seconds. It was not until the second sighting that we near what could be described as a vehiclecontrol intervention. The object in the second sighting was also observed to come in over the trees from the S.S.W. and proceeded in a northerly direction at an estimated altitude of 500 to 1000 feet. This second object was described as a solid bluish-white light that seemed to be spinning or turning. The object was very bright and caused "pins and needles" sensation in the eyes of the observers when they looked directly at it. The object descended to approximately 50 to 100 feet above the treetops and then accelerated at a very high rate of speed, climbing quickly out of sight. This sighting lasted for approximately 2 to 3 minutes. Both witnesses were greatly impressed by what they had observed and felt certain that a technical evaluation of their sighting would be of interest to your office.