There does not appear to be any photograph or image contained within this document page. The page appears to be text-based, consisting of a typed report describing phone conversations with individuals regarding sightings of a lighted object going down behind the woods on route 14. The text discusses the location, actions, and observations of the witnesses, including contact with law enforcement and radio communication. However, there is no visual component to this particular document page.

PHONE CONVERSATIONS WITH HILL POWERS AT NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY,
18 APRIL 1966.

Subject made some phone calls. Called Portage County. They were in conference. On state route 14 noticed a lighted object going down behind woods. While they were out of squad car, stopped over the car. Bright enough, it was like daylight. Called the home radio base in Ravenna. Asked them what to do. Told him to keep calm and keep it under observation. When it to down highway they followed. He didn't get any pictures. Followed it, in radio contact with home base. They closed it for 10 miles, they were driving 83-84 mph. Got near East Palestine, contacted a man in Police, Wayne Houston. It was bigger needed to be, and the object never did stop, stropped at Conway. On route 14, almost all the way, into the area of Elyria. Went until Conway. Another Police car and somebody was watching the object. He turned around and went back home. Houston heard the radio contacts going on and was listening, establishing within 10 miles established contact. He didn't see until they five miles away. It was traveling downgoing SE. He got his car and joined it and described. "Top traveling sideways". Very bright with no special lights. No markings, no turning. As they went into Rochester, though they saw an antenna. Powers thought we should send someone down to get the right directions. Thought one critical point was when Houston first saw the object. See some over the trees, only five miles. There is some confusion getting near dawn. By getting over Pennsylvania. They probably started out with a real object, they actually lost it and then Venus. All they would see was tiny bright light in sky. None...