There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing text.

OCR output:

Before changing direction of movement, the object always seemed to return to point A. It did not seem to travel directly between C and D.

6.After we had decided that the object was moving I instead that the time was 3:10 AM. We watched the object another ten minutes and it appeared to move in the same place.

7.The object then appeared to stand still for about 20 to 30 seconds. It then reappeared and moved rapidly in a straight line to the east for a distance of about a mile or more. It glowed and appeared that it was four or five times as bright as the North Star as bright and blue in color. The object then reversed its course and moved rapidly in a westerly direction disappearing from sight. The object was silent and definitely brighter than a low ridge between it and myself.

8.As we were continuing our activity 3:30 AM driving, I sat in the right front seat. Capt. Wyer seated on the rear seat. Almost continually we observed the object. Capt. Wyer remained in the rear seat. The object drew nearer and nearer. As it approached about fifteen or twenty degrees above the horizon, when we had been traveling about an additional fifteen degrees, it disappeared from sight. It alternated between its originally brightness and being quite dull. A steady course alternated with some slight irregularity for about a half two minutes.  

9.We arrived in Kalat at 4:15 A.M. The object was about thirty degrees above the horizon and shining brightly. Due to our business in Kalat we were not able to observe it continuously after that. I did check it at about five minutes intervals. I seemed to remain in the same place and position.

10.Light from the sun had begun to show about the time we arrived in Kalat. The sun rose up about 4:15 about fifteen degrees to the right of the object. The object began to appear dimmer to the right of the object.

Contd. ....