The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document describing a "Fire Ball 'a Meteor" sighting.

Fire Ball 'a Meteor
(Continued from Page 1)
200 to 300 miles coming down what is very really calls the "New York express".
Neither did John F. McIlale, manager of the Penn, Ohio, station have an idea what it was going to do about this, explaining that "It come in like a big flash."

Two Air Force reservists spotting the object said it look like a "very steady, flat trajectory."
Police investigations were also made on this the same night.

At Utica, police said they had a "pretty steady" 8 mile sighting.
John Celasari, vice-chairman of the Broom County, Astronomers, said the object exploded "like a rocket, caused with a loud noise, separating into two". Most of the object was over Binghamton and Endicott, about 12 to 15 miles from Binghamton.

The Associated Press said it was Berea, Ill. a suburb of Chicago, when the object first came into sight.
In Utica, the first caller, said they thought it was a plane on fire over Rome, N.Y.
Glens Falk police received 13 calls in 10 minutes.
A Gleason aircraft executive, who was on the observation platform of the Binghamton television station when he spotted "a green object, very bright", said the flash "was so bright it almost blotted out the sky for about a quarter of a mile in diameter."
Montgomery County Deputy Sheriff, H. N. Wood, reported that he was "awakened from a sound sleep in his living room window - a fantastic sight."

The Associated Press said it was about a quarter second time in duration the flash was seen to have occurred over a distance of 200 to 300 miles.
Dr. Asher Chapman, an examiner of the U.S. A. field for the U.S. Air Force stated that the object was "150 feet long, traveling about 1,000 feet per second, about 20,000 feet from the ground four miles from south to north."
Assistant Professor Anthony L. Jenzano, director of the Penn State University Planetarium, said that the object was in the sky and everyone is speculating that it is U.F.O.
Dr. Curtis Hemenway, director of the Cornell University Observatory, said that most observers saw as bright ball more as a "brilliant ball - bright balls" that burst off sparks before it was distinguished "probably was little more than a meteor".