The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

Although the United States paper industry is based principally on fibers derived from trees, the use of bast or leaf fibers in this country and in foreign countries is not uncommon, and we see no reason to believe that these fibers have any unusual origin. In foreign countries, such fibers are grown specifically for papermaking; this practice is not as common in this country, but such fibers can be imported for papermaking or can be (and are) obtained from waste cordage, and similar products containing fibers of this type.

2. Paper Identification

The sample itself is of the type used for lens paper or stencil tissue (sometimes called Japanese tissue). The sample submitted had a basis weight of 5.5 lbs. (for a ream of 500 sheets, 24 x 36 inches), a thickness of approximately 0.0013 inches and was soft, bulky and of open structure. Formation was very uniform, indicating a high quality operation. There was no evidence of any special treatment to impart water repellency or wet strength.

3. Possible Origin

Of the samples which were readily available to us for comparison, one approximating the unknown sample quite closely was taken from "Papercraft 1969" published by Japanese Paper Import Co., and identified as "Machine-made Tengujo (Stencil) Paper" was essentially indistinguishable from the unknown. Where the samples are identified as "machine-made" it is quite probable that similar materials are available in various commercial channels, or possibly as souvenirs brought from foreign country by an individual. Similar papers also manufactured in this country by a number of mills, and to our knowledge, could be manufactured by these mills but we do not know whether they actually make such materials at the present time.

A second sample similar to the unknown, identified as "Speed-O-Print Carbon Ribbon Sheet No. 700", is used with mimeograph stencils and obtained from a local stationery supply house, but we do not know whether it is imported or an item of domestic manufacture.

Exhibit B includes transmitted light photographs at approximately 3.5 diameters magnification, showing similarities in structure between the unknown, the Japanese tissue and the commercial stencil tissue.