There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 250 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 4 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. North

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No) 
d. Window glass (Yes) No
e. Binoculars (Yes) No
f. Telescope (Yes) No
g. Theodolite (Yes) No
h. Other MOVIE CAMERA

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed.
A flying object - shape first reminds me of a lemon sorbet but as it turned and headed towards me the shape became more of a cigar. The object was a silvery color and seemed to be emitting a slight haze or glow. It was traveling at a high rate of speed and yet was practically silent. There was definitely some type of vehicle or device - it was not an airplane, balloon or meteor. I was really quite surprised and puzzled by what I saw.