There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

WASH . ENAW COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT
Comp. No . 01058
Comp. Name Bob Wagner
Nature of Comp. UFO
Address Dexter Body Shop
Dexter Mich.
Location Between 5 & • M. Terr.
6120 E
Date Received 3-20-66
Phone No.: Res. Bus. Time 8:30 P
Telephone XXXX Radio Letter in Per Received by Dep. Kelly
Officers Assigned Dep. McFadden & Fitzpatrick and Car #34
Time Assigned 8:35 FM
Details of Comp. Comp. called and stated that there was a strange object in the sky, the wings lit up and went out. It was on the ground for about 50 ft and came down making a lot of noise.
INVESTIGATION: Dispatched to investigate location and made contact with the complainant at the address mentioned. Complainant advised that an object was presently located in the swamp, to the rear of his property, was a bright light and he could not identify the object. He stated it had been there approximately (1) hour, and was on the ground. Object had been observed approximately 300 ft. from witness residence, he stated that lights were observed upon the object, and it then rose from the ground, and was last observed moving away at a high rate of speed, and its flight was characterized as brilliant in coloring. Object had appeared to be having difficulty in its attitude and motion.
the object for some time, and then proceeded into the woods, and made an attempt to locate the object, and to see what it was. Upon reaching the vicinity of where the object had been, the officers were unable to locate or identify the object.
ACTION TAKEN: The undersigned officer, in company with the complainant, proceeded to the location mentioned, on Quigley Road, where a bright point was obtained, being in direct line with the location of the object, as described by the complainant. At this point, the patrol vehicle was secured, and the aforementioned procedure was followed.
While in the woods area, a brilliant light was observed from the far edge of the woods, and upon approaching, the light diminished in brilliance. As of the time noted in the report, the object was no longer visible.
Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers were met by others who had gathered to observe the incident, and the undersigned officers informed that one of the objects had been hovering directly over the area where the complainant had earlier observed the object, and that the object had been observed as it left the area at a high rate of speed.

OVER: D/F