The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document discussing sightings of unusual glowing lights over swamps near Dexter and Hillsdale in southern Michigan.

The text in the document states:

The rotting vegetation produces marsh gas which can be trapped during the winter but when the spring thaw occurs, the gas may be released in some quantity. The flames, Minnaert says, is a form of chemical luminescence, and its low temperature is one of its peculiar characteristics. The exact nature of this light is not known and could well be the subject of further investigation.

The glowing lights over the swamps near Dexter and Hillsdale were observed for two or three hours, and they were red, green, and yellow. They appeared to move sideways and to rise a short distance. No sound was heard except a popping sound.

It seems entirely likely that as the present spring thaw came, the trapped gases, CH4, H2S, and PH3, were released. The chemistry book by Sienko and Plane, p. 333, discusses formation of phosphine (PH3) which might be formed by reduction of naturally occurring phosphorus compounds. The will-o'-the-wisp is sometimes observed in marshes, and may be due to spontaneous ignition of impure PH3 which might be formed by reduction of naturally occurring phosphorus compounds.

The association of the glowings with swamps in this particular instance is more than coincidence. No group of witnesses observed any craft coming or going away from the swamps. The glow was localized, and Deputy Fire-Erickson described the glow from beyond a rise adjacent to the swamp as visible through the trees. He stated that the light was smooth and continuous, and this description exactly fits the Hillsdale sighting also. The brightness and dimming could have been due to the release of variable quantities of marsh gas.

The discussion of the lights when people got close with flashlights or car lights would indicate that the glow seemed to brighten or darken, adapted eyes. The light was dark and there was no moon. The Hillsdale girls kept their rooms dark in order to see the swamp lights.

It is likely that the glow observed in this particular winter (an unusually mild one in that area) and the particular weather conditions of that night, it was clear and there was little wind at either location, were such as to have produced this unusual and puzzling display.