There is no photograph present in this image from a Project Blue Book report document. The image contains only handwritten text.

I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

I would say that experience is more likely there. Were the following on the identification, yes, this 26th is a case question, but I don't we have gone into that pretty well. Were some of then very like your ball as bright, sometimes constellations? And what would you put up? And you would be surprised how many times in a night, I saw just something like that, and it gave you a picture, immediately, far better - 

Have you seen this, or a similar object before?

No, I never have.

Was someone else with you?

Yes. 

We have your telephone number - 
it's Rembrandt (?) 4 - 9255.

Okay.

Forty-six.

Now, we have fulfilled our formal obligations. But the conversation (notes on conversation) are more important than the form. One thing I always like to ask is - what did you talk about after the thing had disappeared? 

Oh, my wife said maybe it was a satellite. I said how could a satellite be regularly pounded back to this did.

Yes. And that long. 

And so we agreed immediately that it was not a satellite. Of course, Arthur, the youngest would like to think it was anything like that, but he's a little too imaginative. But the children got this idea so firmly in their mind that it must have been a satellite, and it was very hard to shake them of it.

From what you described that you saw -- I have certainly never seen anything like it. I have seen the long, distant satellites, but this was something quite different, and the time they say they saw it, was was very noticeable, with occasional flashes of light and the changing of its direction, which of course satellites do not do.

I don't recall - there was not enough mind than you would believe that, to stand out -- 

Well, I do thank you very much that I don't say anything going to the old man, of the visions of the ballet, the professor at Harvard, and the president's plans. And the practical joke is raised again -- I would not try to choke, and you seem to care, so I cannot thank you enough.