There is no photograph present in this scanned document. It appears to be an article about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting in Normal, Illinois. The article describes the details of the sighting, including the reactions and descriptions from the witnesses.

Transcript of the text in the document:

LATEST OF MANY
Unidentified Flying Object
Mystifies Normal Viewers
By STEVE VOGEL
Ray Shields, 19, of 1614 W. Division, was interviewed by a Daily Reporter about the unidentified flying object he saw Tuesday night. He said:
"I was just sitting here about dusk, seeing early Tuesday night.
Maybe you shouldn't," laughed young people's suspicion of seeing an unidentified object isn't new, around here after me!"
Crash? Laugh if you wish, but Ray saw something no one else seemed to see. Police and residents are the latest of scores of persons in this Midwest reporting seeing something in the sky.
C.V.J. Saunders, first reporter sighting of the object, was a member of the family of Div. W. Division, said Tuesday to be seen in the sky. "The first time I saw it approach Bloomington," said he first saw it approach the southbound while he and his brothers played basketball The craft, said to be oval in shape, seemed to hover for more than a minute, and as it "had finished exploring
the area, then proceeded southeasterly.
They said they had the craft in sight for more than a minute and as it "had finished exploring the area, then proceeded southeasterly.
Area Searched
"Don't know if it landed - don't get me wrong if the¬re," said
Steve Simpson, a 15-year-old ninth grader in Normal, told the Air Force's "project blue book" about the "large white object" he saw Tuesday night. 
The boys searched the area near Tri State Supper Club, where they said they saw the object, but found nothing.
"I never seen anything like it before," Mrs. Phyllis Howard, having stepped outside to see some "unusual lights," said she saw the Simpsons call her attention skyward, and she saw it hover over the trees. "Now I admit that my glasses need to be changed," she said, "but I was sure that she saw something, and that something was an airplane. "It didn't seem to take off very fast," she recalled.
Normal police investigated the sighting. "I don't know what to think about it," said Robert Pawley. He said that the children of the parents backed up what their children had said. "There were enough of them who saw it to make me wonder," he said, "but I don't think there's anything to it." 
It was in a similar Monday night that young Mike Howard, director, an air traffic controller at Bloomington's Municipal Airport, reported sighting a glowing object the size of a football with a bright tail that hovered for hours.
And Sunday night a similar object, described as being over 50 persons, including 12 policemen, was sighted. The Air Force announced it was sending Dr. H. Allen Hynek, chairman of the Department of Astronomy at Northwestern University and scientific consultant of Project Blue Book, to investigate the sightings.