There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

1st. SIGHTING OF ORANGE FLIGHTING

Persons making sighting:

Rushville, Indiana 10th grade employee - interviewed:
Rushville, Indiana.

Date of sighting: Last week (no specific date given).
Time of sighting: From southeast of Orange to a county in south.
Sky conditions: Clear flight.
Total time seen: Incident lasted over 1 hour.

Note: The object observed appeared as one brilliant flash or three brief flashes very close together. The duration of the flash was about 1-2 seconds. There was no sound. The object or objects were moving in a general west to east direction at a considerable speed. Approximately 1/3 the size of the full moon. The center gave off a brilliant glow - around which were four smaller satellite objects. These were observed under several different locations during the affair. It is the opinion of the witness that they could have been part of some distant aircraft, they traveled over country roads and at times disappeared and again came into view, apparently they were quite distant from the observer. The witness stated it or them was bright enough to see the outline of nearby trees.

Text extracted from the scanned document:

1st. SIGHTING OF ORANGE FLIGHTING
Persons making sighting: 
Rushville, Ind. Age 20, employee - interviewed: 
Rushville, Education 10 grade.
Date of sighting: Last week
Time of sighting: From southeast of Orange to a county in south
Sky conditions: clear flight
Total time seen: Incident lasted over 1 hour.
Note: The object observed appeared as one brilliant flash or three brief flashes very close together. The duration of the flash was about 1-2 seconds. There was no sound. The object or objects were moving in a general west to east direction at a considerable speed. Approximately 1/3 the size of the full moon. The center gave off a brilliant glow - around which were four smaller satellite objects. These were observed under several different locations during the affair. It is the opinion of the witness that they could have been part of some distant aircraft, they traveled over country roads and at times disappeared and again came into view, apparently they were quite distant from the observer. The witness stated it or them was bright enough to see the outline of nearby trees.
Besides it and 2/3 its size was another glow. The white layers touched orange center. (And another thing deleted, possibly illegible)