The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, detailing an unusual astronomical sighting made by the observer's sons on July 5th, 1966 in West Galveston Bay, Texas.

July 6, 1966

Mr. Burke Baker Planetarium
Houston, Texas 77004

Dear Mr. [redacted],

In reply with your instructions of July 5th I am pleased to transmit this report of the unusual astronomical sighting made by my sons and me recently.

Place of sighting was an island in West Galveston Bay 29°-17'N lat. and 94°-55'W long. Time of sighting 11:10 p.m. - 12:10 a.m., July 5-6, 1966. Duration of sighting approximately 60 minutes. Sky conditions: clear with thin scattered clouds to partially overcast. Wind force was approximately 5 knots from the southeast.

The object first appeared to the northeast at about 60 degrees altitude and moved in a westerly direction, passing an estimated 45 degrees southwest. Estimated velocities up to 15-20 knots at first, slowing down to about 5 knots near the southwest horizon. The object was silent and exhibited no trail or exhaust. Its shape was indistinct, but appeared to be a rather large, brilliantly lighted object, the light from which washed out the other stars in the area, creating a dome-like effect around it. The light was maintained most of the time and remained truly amazing to observe. The object was joined by a somewhat smaller companion object which appeared and disappeared at intervals, indicating some kind of intermittent or flashing light. There were several rather large refinery flares in the Texas City area, but our observation indicated the island intruder was anomalous to several of these. There were no lights in our area other than one gasoline lantern being used nearby to observe the object. My youngest son was asleep during the greater part of the observation.

At about one o'clock I inadvertently looked up in the Northern sky and observed a bright conglomerate of light (through a thin cloud). This light fluctuated in intensity. I immediately called this to the attention of my companion, and we both confirmed that this second light conglomerate would appear and disappear at intervals, as the clouds swept by, it became immediately apparent, to me, that the second conglomerate of light was a star. The object maintained its position relative to a star. The object maintained its position relative to a star (about 15 to 20 degrees above the horizon) for a period of time. Polaris and our Zenith, and with Cassiopeia, being fully westward and uprise Major being fully westward the star could have been Mirfak or Ursa Major being fully westward the star could have been Mirfak or Ursa Major being fully westward the star was about five degrees uprise from Polaris. This star could have been Mirfak or Ursa Major being fully westward and this star was about five degrees uprise from Polaris. This star could have been Mirfak or Ursa Major.