There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document related to a UFO sighting report as part of Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name and address will not be used in any publication, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
18 11 1966 

2. Time of day:
6.5 Hour Minutes 
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern 
b. Central 
c. Mountain 
d. Pacific 
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
R.R. Nearest Point Address Lebanon, Whited Farm, Warren County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
20 Seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Night
b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): e. To your right

OCR TEXT:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name and address will not be used in any publication, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 18 11 1966
2. Time of day: 6.5 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? R.R. Nearest Point Address Lebanon, Whited Farm, Warren County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Night b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): e. To your right