The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with text describing a call from Congressman Vivian to Dr. Hynek regarding the Michigan UFO case.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

Call from Congressman Vivian, 23 March 1966
First item - Did Dr Hynek make a statement regarding the Michigan case. Dr Hynek made the statement. Congressman Vivian wanted to know why he had not been informed of the time that the press meeting was going to be. Major informed the Office of Information that Congressman Vivian was to be informed. Congressman asked for the number of the office. Wanted to know if we had received a report from Hynek. Replied that it was given verbally over the telephone and the office of information had taken it down over the phone. The complete information would be typed up by Dr Hynek's office at Northwestern this week and we would receive a copy. Dr Hynek made the announcement of his findings at the press club. The Office of Information regards his findings at the same time over the wire system. He explained events as marsh gas, rising crescent moon and some as flares. Dr Hynek has not submitted his report as yet. He plan no further investigation. Hynek does the initial investigation and submits it to me. I will do no further action unless there are additional sightings. Vivian asked how many times we have had March gas sightings. Major replied once or twice.

Vivian wanted to know if we knew about the sheriff's remarks regarding Dr Hynek. Major said no. Vivian then asked what Major's degree was in. Major is a physicist. In 23 we normally go to Dr Hynek for consultation. Major has been with us project for 32 months. Vivian asked who Major reported to - Colonel Eric T. de Jonckheere, Deputy for Technology And Subsystems. He reports to General Arthur Trudkshank. Sgt Moody has a degree in Psychology and he is one of the senior members of the Air Force. Congressman wants the number of personnel working on this.