There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

18. Was the object - 
a. Self-luminous? 
b. Dull finish?
c. Reflecting?
d. Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Yes

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length.
a. Pinhead
b. Dime
c. Nickel
d. Silver dollar
e. Orange
f. Grapefruit
   Larger

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)?

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Throwing out some old junk.

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? 

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a jetplane or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. Cannot estimate different.

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate.

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s).

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) to the sky? Could not estimate nor could not say.

28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared. The direction of its course over the scene, known, unknown, villages, railroads, and other landmarks.

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? 

31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date), if available regarding this or similar observations. We will return the material to you.

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the names and dates or titles of the agency: his office, and details as to where and how long the questioning took place.

34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please indicate your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own confidential files. Thank you for your cooperation.

35. Date of filling out this report: March 22, 1966
   Signature: [signature redacted]