There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No   
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  APPROX FASTER THAN FASTEST JET OR MISSILE

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
If you answered YES, then what distance do you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you see or notice the object while you were looking at the object?  (Circle One) Yes     No

25. Did you see or hear the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes   No
b. Binoculars    Yes   No
c. Windshield    Yes   No
d. Window glass  Yes   No
e. Telescope     Yes   No
f. Theodolite    Yes   No
g. Other        Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Approx. 2 to 3 feet in diameter - round or bell shaped - the central section was light in color - the top and bottom portion were dark in color - it hovered about 300 feet off the ground for several minutes and then accelerated at an extremely high rate of speed and was out of sight in a few seconds. Bright light on the exterior. Seemed to be controlled and guided - not like a balloon or conventional aircraft.