The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or report discussing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

RA15732 '32
CG-1ST LT, 1351ASTR
PA AUGUST 1966
25 AUGUST 1966

Intelligence Officer
Project Blue Book
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

On the date of 11 August 1966 at approximately 2200 hours a strange object
was sighted by myself in this vicinity. The object was viewed for the following reasons:

1. The object was hovering without any visible means of propulsion, such as
wings, tail or landing lights. (It had no visible means of support.)
2. The object emitted thunderstorm (which had a severe tornado sound) and
strobe-like flashing lights all around its very high velocity turns.
3. The complete shape was visible in spite of the very adverse weather
conditions obscuring it in shape, see below:

The above plus my knowledge of aircraft gained from Civil Air Patrol and experience that this object was nothing that we would
send aloft, especially in that severe weather.

Below you will find the exact details of the sighting and the
object to the best of my knowledge.

Shape: Saucer-shaped
Color: Diam-white amber Center-gray amber
Size: Approximately 30 feet diameter. Wings about 45 feet
Speed: Approximately 600 to 700 mph ground speed
Noise: At times a thunderstorm - no prop or jet sound noticeable
Maneuvers: Extremely erratic, constant turns, up and down - perfect curve at times 
Also it seemed to attract a very large lightning bolt. It was temporarily blinded me, the
object was not affected at all.

Location: Approximately 2 miles from highway route "/2 thunderstorm at the
time and rain in excess of 1 inch per hour. The object cut across
Rt. 2 at this point, then made its turn and continued westward,
alternating between hovering and very high velocity turns of such a
short radius that it resembled the maneuvers of the saucers.

I hope that the above information has been helpful to you. I will be
glad to answer any questions that I am able, if positive identification
can be made, I would appreciate knowing the type of aircraft.

Thank you for your consideration.