The image does not contain any photographs, only a typed report form with handwritten notes.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
NORTH 7-9424
REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)
This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to provide for a more complete investigation. After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine on investigations of Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs). Should you desire a copy of the published report, please so indicate.

1. Name: GRAY E. ATWELL
Address: 383 Central st
ACUSHNET, MASS.
Telephone: 995-2629
2. Date of Observation: 3-1-1966
3. Locality of Observation: REHOBOTH, MASS.
4. How long did you see the object? 10-12 minutes
5. Please describe the object(s) and the type of motion, e.g. bright daylight, steady, etc.
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: Quite dark, I would say it was to the north near or above the horizon, hard to judge exactly the direction it was
7. If motion was involved, was the speed fast, slow, accelerating, or decelerating? It was motionless for some time, then accelerated in a diagonal direction and was lost from view.
8. Were there more than one object? NO If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating position and motion.
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only a source of light, was it (they) self-luminous, or only reflecting? It appeared to be self-luminous, very bright and did not seem to be a conventional aircraft light source.
10. Was the object(s) behind the background of clouds, sky, etc? No, it was high above the horizon. 
11. If so, compare the object(s) with the known, background. It was fairly close, very bright and oblong in shape.
12. Did the object(s) - 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? N.A.
c. Give off smoke or exhaust? NO
d. Leave any visible trail? NO 
e. Drop anything? NO
f. Change color? It remained a steady bright light.
g. Divide or explode? NO
13. Did the object(s) at any time, pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate, giving distance, size, etc. if possible. No, it remained stationary and motionless for some time, then accelerated diagonally and was lost from view.
14. Was there any wind? NO
15. Old you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other sight, binoculars, window, windshield, etc.? I observed it with my unaided eyes.
16. Did the object(s) have any sound? N o
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) a - 
a. Plane        
b. Balloon     
c. Star        
d. Planet      
e. Satellite   
f. Meteor     
g. Other       Extra bright and large