There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions and spaces for answers.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force of pilots and other trained observers of investigative agencies, and additional questions which may be pertinent to NICAP's investigation.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine for the members' collection. Please give answers as may be necessary. We are interested in your personal evaluation.

1. Name: Ellen W. Rose
Address: Navy St., C.R.
Rehoboth, Mass.
Telephone: 963-6331

2. Date of Observation: March 30, 1966
3. Time of Observation: 1:30 AM
4. How long did you see the object? 5 minutes
5. Please describe the weather conditions and the type of sky (bright, hazy, clear, etc.): Clear sky
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: Night
7. If the object was seen through an opening (window, windshield, etc.), please describe: None
8. Were there more than one object? No. If so, please tell how many and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating the approximate size, position, and motion of each.
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light? Was it revolving, etc.? Please give dimensions if possible. C shape, bright with white light, revolving, no wings.
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? Yes, very bright.
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, or background. Bright, like a searchlight, long, loud, very bright.
12. Did the object(s) appear to change in shape or color? (Please elaborate, if you can give details.) Yes, as it revolved, it appeared to change in shape.

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind, or anything else? If so, please give details, size, and, if possible, the estimated distance.
14. Was there any wind? If so, please give direction and estimated speed. No.
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windscreen, storm window, screening?
16. Did the object(s) have any sound? What kind? How loud?
Buzzy or blurred.