The image contains a typed statement that appears to be an official report or document. The statement describes a sighting of three unidentified flying objects (UFOs) by a crew of a WC-121 aircraft on August 9, 1956. The statement provides detailed observations and descriptions of the UFOs, including their speed, altitude, and maneuvers. The report is signed by William V. Stevens, the Aircraft Commander.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have extracted the following text from the document:

STATEMENT

Reference Clark Air Base message DOI 000009 August 9 1966, UFO Report. The details and information given in the message are the original sighting that am unable to provide any information that would be of value or entirely accurate.

At the time of the sighting we were flying a WC-121 aircraft at 15,000 feet. We were on a heading of 220 degrees, it was approximately 2100 hours. I was in the right seat and the co-pilot was in the left seat. I happened to glance to my right and toward the rear of the aircraft and observed three objects in a stack formation at our 2 o'clock position. They appeared to be about 5 miles distant. The objects were completely silent, their color was of a strange/yellow glow and was quite steady. Initially their altitude was difficult to determine but prior to their making any rapid speed/altitude changes appeared to be at approximately the same level as our aircraft. Their rate of speed was quite long, as I had to turn my head to watch the full length; the duration of the sighting was about 30 seconds.
As they proceeded on a heading of about 120-130 degrees, the formation was quite well maintained. I immediately called them to the attention of the co-pilot and he also observed them. They started a climb at this time and were observed for approximately another 30 seconds until they disappeared from our sight. Their angle at about 10 degrees. This was done by using my hand extended at arm's length with my thumb up and my fingers spread to indicate the angle of climb.

The crew had previously informed me that another formation of three objects had been observed earlier. About 10 minutes after I had observed the UFOs described, I was informed that the second group, About 5-10 minutes after I had observed the UFOs, a third group appeared at our 8 o'clock position. These objects appeared to be accelerating and their speed paralleled ours at 300 knots true airspeed. They were at a higher altitude but in trail formation. The lead UFO's lights would blink at a rate of five minutes of observing this second group, a third UFO was observed by our navigator at our 2 o'clock position for a brief period of time. This UFO appeared to be closing in on our track and was observed until it had reached a point approximately 1000 nautical miles out from Jomalug (Philippines). FOR when they disappeared.

Weather conditions were scattered, bright moonlight, and visibility unlimited.

WILLIAM V. STEVENS, Maj, USAF
Aircraft Commander