The image contains a page from a Project Blue Book document, but there is no photograph present. The image appears to be a form with questions and answers regarding a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If yes, how?
The answer indicates that the object slowly drifted up until it disappeared into the air.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The answer indicates "Yes" the object moved behind something.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The answer indicates "Yes" the object moved in front of something.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Shape: Flat disc-shaped, very bright white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have not performed this experiment, an estimate will be appreciated.
The answer indicates that the angular size was approximately 3-4 degrees.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you observe such as wings, protrusions, etc. and indicate approximately the size and the direction the object was moving.
The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of the object, which is depicted as a flat, disc-shaped object with a bright white glow.

OCR Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If yes, how? It slowly drifted up and disappeared into the air.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound: None
b. Shape: Flat disc-shaped, very bright white.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have not performed this experiment, an estimate will be appreciated. It was approximately 3-4 degrees.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you observe such as wings, protrusions, etc. and indicate approximately the size and the direction the object was moving.