There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document.

Colonel Hippler pointed out that it will probably be September before the Air Force replies to the request by Dr. O'Connelly regarding the use of his case. Colonel Hippler should make a copy of this case.

Since we are dealing with an emotional phenomenon, there was a discussion about whether universities are willing to get involved with UFOs. Dr. O'Brien suggested that Dr. Condon of the Aerospace Technology Division at Boulder consult with several university presidents with whom he is acquainted to get some ideas on how we can avoid when contacting other universities.

There are still several unanswered questions or problem areas:
(a) Since the problem is 99% public relations, it is essential that the advertising concerning UFOs must be properly handled. It is proposed that information regarding unsolved cases shall be included on the first few investigation teams. This caused quite a bit of discussion and the answer does not evolve.
(b) The objective is to have impartial scientists from schools with good reputations that have never been involved with UFOs.
(c) Considerable thought must be given to how the contract or contracts are to be written.
(a) In order to utilize their talents to the best advantage, professor and assistant Defense-Advisor teams to work with HQ USAF must be selected. These include Dr. J. Allen Hynek and Dr. McDonald Wexler.
(e) When teams are selected, it is strongly recommended that they be thoroughly briefed on what is expected of them. This briefing covers all of the investigations and publicity that must be evolved in order to give good Air Force public relations.

The discussion question that was not fully resolved is how AFSG should get into the act. The Committee's original thought was that we would AFSG work with the investigators. The Committee also recommended that a member of the OSI might work with the university teams and others during the benefit of their experience. It was questioned whether this would be advisable or not as the Air Force effort should not be involved.