There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

STATEMENT TO USAF DOBBINS AIR FORCE BASE
STATEMENT
Friday, 26 August 1966 my wife, three children and I were traveling from Huntsville, Alabama, to our home in Gaylesville, Alabama, our state line where highway 20 becomes highway 9. Four miles past the state line we intercepted highway 33. Approximately 6:15 PM CST as we turned onto 33, we noticed a cluster of objects, which my wife noticed were larger than a nickel held at arm's length and almost directly overhead. She said nothing to me at this time.
As we continued along 33, these objects closely followed us. They seemed to be maneuvering both in relation to each other and to our car as we drove along. When we reached the intersection where we turned off 33 onto the road leading to our home, the objects were still keeping up with us, remaining in position overhead. She said nothing to me at this time.
Upon arrival at our home, my wife commented that they were moving relative to several "near by stars." As we moved toward our right, away from the objects, they seemed to move more to our left, apparently in an effort to keep paced with us.
She pointed in the general direction. I paid little attention to this. Approximately 15 minutes later, the said "I can remember coming in just do not land in the middle of God's Country." She then looked over toward me and said, "What's the biggest air disaster that ever happened around here?" I did not know.
It was then that I looked up (about 6:15 o'clock) directly in a plane to the road. The objects had made a smooth maneuver, turning from East to West and pressing over us. I noticed that the car was slowing down. Three were at the vertices of an isosceles triangle moving with the objects vertexing in the direction of flight; the fourth object seemed to be moving more rapidly between the other three with rapid sporadic motion FORE and AFT along different directions.
The objects passed directly overhead normal to the highway and off into the distance. There was no noticeable wind on the ground, the temperature in Fort Payne, Ala. was 89® (approximately 16 miles away), the sky was clear - so clear that I could have easily driven my car by the bright moon light.