The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document.

AFR 200-2

turn this information to the Office of Legislative Liaison for reply to the inquiry. 
(3) Process requests from congressional sources in accordance with AFR 11-7.
e. Cooperation. All Air Force activities will cooperate with Air Force, UFO investigations to insure the economical and prompt success of investigations and analysis. When feasible, this cooperation will include transportation and other assistance.

4. Guidance. The thoroughness and quality of a report of investigation of UFO's are important. Success of the investigation may depend on the person who receives the initial information and/or prepares the report. The usefulness and value of any report of investigation depend on the accuracy and timeliness of its contents. Following are aids to proper handling of UFO sightings:

a. Careful study of the logic, consistency, and coherence of the observer's report. An interview with the observer by personnel preparing the report is a means of verifying the report's source's reliability and the validity of the information received. Factors deserving particular attention are the observer's background, education, and whether his occupation involves observation reporting, or technical knowledge.
A report stating that a witness is completely reliable with certain angles of a sighting should be evaluated judiciously.
b. Theodolite measurements of changes in altitude, azimuth, and elevation and angular size.
c. Interception, identification, or air search, if appropriate and within the scope of air defense regulations.

d. When feasible, contact with local aircraft control and warning (ACW) units, and with pilots and crews of aircraft aloft at the time and location of the sighting in order to obtain corroborating evidence of verification. Contact with other persons or organizations that may have incidental data on the UFO can also be useful.
e. Consultation with military or civilian weather forecasters concerning balloons released in the area and any unusual meteorological activity which may have a bearing on the UFO.
f. Consultation with navigators and astronomers to determine whether the phenomenon could be astronomical in origin or the result of some known astronomical phenomena.
g. Contact with military and civilian tower operators, air operations units, and airlines to obtain data on any unusual activity.

SECTION B - PUBLIC RELATIONS,
INFORMATION, CONTACTS, AND
RELEASES

6. Maintaining Public Relations. The Office of
Information is responsible for:

a. In coordination with the AFSC (FTID),
maintaining contact with the public and the press on all aspects of the UFO
program and its related activities.
b. Releasing information on UFO sightings
and results of investigations.
c. Periodically releasing information on this
subject to the general public.