There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. This appears to be a page from an old newspaper article discussing UFO sightings and activities in the Ranton, Washington area.

OCR text output:

BEEP-BEEP-BEEP
Lights, Sounds, Actions-U.F.O.'s Turn Terrifying
By DON DUNCAN
Insistent, spooky.
Residents adjacent to a small wooded area near Lake McDonald, they say, heard the sound last night. It has been going on for several weeks at least, they say.
"Besides the beep-beep-beep, there were flashing red and green lights across the field and through the trees," said one couple who live in the area. "It sounded like a fireball that would cross the field to about 100 yards of our porch the James Nelson home, 1612 8th AV. S.W."
SKY WATCHERS said the object was picked up by airplane radar. But the lunighted obj ect was hardly compared with a shooting star and then seen in 17 seconds.
Kay Similiard, 20, said she saw the object five nights ago. She said it was in the sky. 
"But it was the Sundaynight experience that brought neighbors to their porch last night. They would talk of it- nothing else.
The beep-beep-beep had continued to about midnight. Neighborhood dogs began to howl incessantly.
MRS. NELSON went to her window and opened it.
U Gets Loan To Develop Parking Sites
WASHINGTON, April 19.
The U.S. government has authorized a $1 million loan to help develop parking sites in urban areas, officials said today.
The loan will be made to small businesses seeking to provide parking facilities in congested downtown areas and near public transportation terminals, a spokesman for the Small Business Administration said.

The spokesman said the authority for the loan comes under the urban renewal program of the Housing and Home Finance Agency.

He said the loan can be used to finance the acquisition and improvement of land for parking lots and structures, and the construction of parking facilities.

The spokesman said the loan would be made at the prevailing interest rate, which is now 5 3/4 per cent.

Then she heard another sound - "like iron clinkins and wood breaking." Then she saw an airplane.
"It looked like it was maneuvering end over end," she said.
"Then," she continued, "I saw some other strange lights through the trees. They seemed to be moving among the trees, before they blotted out the airplane. It broke into view. It was not the airplane."
They watched the strange object. From a distance the object wavered and seemed to be surrounded by a basketball-sized bluish glow. Then it shot up and put a basketball in the air.
WILSON, A BOEING Co. official, whose wife said he added his own thought that the airplane might be "flying wings" and it seemed to be fighting with the distant object, declared: "It looked that way, but just as they were about to collide the airplane was pulled away."
"The Nelsons," said they watched the strange object in the sky for about 15 minutes. Its lights pulsating. Then two jets went over. The Nelsons said "it appeared to them to follow it, 'as if they were following it.'"
All that remained was the woods and that persistent beep-beep-beep.