There does not appear to be a photograph present in the provided image. The image contains a newspaper article with the headline "Meteor's Fiery Death Scare" and a description of a bright object or "meteor" that was observed in the sky. The article also mentions comments from experts on the nature of the object. At the bottom of the image, there is a caption that reads "Contrail of Flaming Meteor That Raced Over Northern California".

Text extracted from the document:

10,000 TIMES BRIGHTER THAN STARS

Meteor's Fiery Death Scare

NEW YORK, Apr. 26 (AP)--A vivid fireball, described by scientists as a meteor, flashed across the sky last night, exciting thousands from the eastern seaboard to Ohio.

Dr. Thomas C. Nicholson, chairman of the Hayden planetarium, called the object an "exceptionally bright meteor" that left a multi-colored, smoky vapor trail. He said it was about 10,000 times brighter than the brightest star at night.

ASTONISHED viewers reported sighting the flaming object from the Carolinas to Quebec and as far west as Ohio.

The object touched off a sensation at the height of its journey as thousands peered skyward in wonder. Some described it as a large falling star that lit up the countryside while others seemed frightened.

Police stations were swamped with reports of a jet airplane crash and flying saucers.

While there were unconfirmed reports that the object or parts of it had landed, most astronomers believe that it probably disintegrated during its flight.

THERE WAS no clear agreement on the size of the object.

Dr. Nicholson, who said the object was probably one-third the size of the moon, estimated that it was traveling about 25 miles a second at an altitude of 50 to 75 miles in the western sky, estimated that it was perhaps "several hundred pounds."

But Dr. Fred L. Whipple, director of the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in Cambridge, Mass., said:

"It was a meteor which must have been less than the size of a football."

A spokesman for the U.S. Naval observatory in Washington said the object was probably a man-made satellite, as some believed, because it was scheduled to reenter the atmosphere.

SOME SCIENTISTS speculated that the object may have been a Bolide, which is a type of meteor that burns itself out more slowly than other meteors as it enters the

Contrajl of Flaming Meteor That Raced Over Northern California