The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which describes a reported UFO sighting in Southern Michigan.

The text in the document is as follows:

UFOs Just Swamp Gas?
Continued from Page 1
through the swamp mist, Manner estimates that it was about the size of 1/2 and 1/3 times the moon - about 200 to 300 yards away.
IT DIDN'T make a sound.
The silence from that eerie glow to bright that it lighted the area of their tracks for about three or four minutes.
Pinally Manner could contain himself no longer.
And with that, said Manner, the lights snapped off.
Somehbw, a high-powered light scan had detected across the swamp - it seemed to be a rapid vibrating or oscillating scan.
BY THAT TIME, they reached the road. Manner said, the craft had moved perhaps 500 yards to the west, and once again it was glowing red.
Manner said he and his son switched on his flashlight - and a short while later the object or lights merely disappeared.
A few minutes later, Manner said, the lights went out of sight, apparently climbing straight up and then disappear.
The next day Manner spent four hours wading through the bushes-hoping to find some trace of the craft.
I EXAMINED it closely, he said, for every branch, but I couldn't see a thing. There was no smell of any kind of swamp grass that was broken.
The Manners are convinced at some of the events that have occurred.
When the light went out, Leland, 17, lapsed into feverish excitement nervousness and cold. He was in bed the next morning with cold-like symptoms.
a former student received phone calls from students from the nearby university of Michigan, said they had picked up the report on radios tuned to the station that carries Manner's news reports.
A young woman and a couple men in a red Corvair stopped in front of the house. A young man set out and peered a beer bottle through the bedroom window and screamed: "Martians!"
Neighbors told Manner that a spotlight was seen in the bedroom window and screams were heard. Leland remembered that he and his father discussed the brilliant light they saw.
Two weeks later, Mrs. Manner said Leland pum ped the 0.1 in the face. A psychiatrist told Leland that he did not have any psychiatric problems, but was greatly disturbed by the incident.
By week's end, Mrs. Manner, a housewife, had been given sedatives, and detezved to bed by her physician.