The shared image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Supplemental Sheet A
4 June 1968

16. 26 February 1966, Bartlett, New Hampshire.

Even these witnesses.. Has been evaluated as possible aircraft. After a phone call, the case remains indeterminate. Mr. and Mrs. XXXX, very articulate when it comes to description of the incident, are farm people who are not very sophisticated about the technical aspects of the case. However, the main thing is they say the usual thing in such cases, if never saw anything like this before and apparently they haven't. 

There are a few inconsistencies. In the original report they said that the noon was out, and acting in the west, and in the phone conversations they said there was no moon. So I don't know, but outside of that, the description of the light was very bright, something like a large yard light. The duration was about that before the sighting and that he had been uneasy all evening. This of course proves nothing as the movement of the light or the shaping or anything seems to be causing no problems.

I originally called because of the reported action of the dog. However, this came to naught since they admitted that the dog had behaved this way before and since. However, they said the dog's behavior was highly agitated, but of a form suggesting curiosity rather than fear. They said the high-pitched dog whistles inaudible to humans. Mr. XXXX said the light was very bright, something like a large yard light. The duration was about that before the sighting and that he had been uneasy all evening. This of course proves nothing as the movement of the light or the shaping or anything seems to be causing no problems.

Original sighting was made by Mrs. XXX who says this sort of thing occurs quite frequently and indicates how ready people are in this area to accept the existence of flying saucers and indicates also that they are not startled when they appear.

As far as evaluation is concerned, present evaluation that "possible aircraft" is one possibility, along with possible unknown. There are no airports within 50 miles according to Mr. XXXX. Weather bright red light, which soon became motionless, hardly fits the description of an aircraft. It would be much more inclined to call this a possible unknown rather than a possible aircraft. It could also be evaluated as insufficient information, because with my phone calls the actual number of information remains woefully meager.