The image contains a black and white photograph of a document. There does not appear to be any additional photograph within the document itself.

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS 02138
September 29, 1966

Major Hector Quintanilla, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
215 (TDRE)
Aeronautical Chart and Information Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Major Quintanilla:

I thought you might be interested in the enclosed letter. I wonder if you could send me a copy of the photograph I believe of the Michigan sightings, showing both the moon and Venus. I think it appears in Luce Magazine.

Thank you for your reports on the --- incident. I think that the sightings were of some heavy body, star, planet or satellite. The report by --- is not in the same category with the others. Here is some information about observations made from an automobile, especially a moving automobile. He was not suffering from hallucinations or motioness looking at the object. He was near the object.

He was driving north and the object appeared north-northwest. We saw this as the object did not show through the windshield or the window glass. How, then, was he able to see it at all? I think your observations as Detective. In that it does not ask which seat the observer was sitting in at the time. How does one ask whether additional copies were made to the estimate. What kind of a car was it? Was it a sports car with the top down? Does one close-space really don't know how he could have seen it. How would he have seen it? What kind of a car was it? Was it a sports car with the top down? Does one close-space light condition that he seems to have assured that the object was slowly could he have seen it, if he was observing the scene from the ----- driving position. This is my interpretation that the object should have been determined from the report.

P were the same. In all probability they were different. When the first object disappeared, the bright looking around and finally saw this object.