The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report on unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT CONTENT:

Michiganders Report
More Flying Objects

ANN ARBOR, Mich. - (AP) - Van Hein said the swamp gas
identification of sightings in southern Michigan around March
22 was fantastic. Michigan, he said, is completely covered and
no swamp gas would settle at a constant height as the Air
Force said happened near Ann Arbor.

"The Air Force's Van Hern
said the gas was going up and down,
but that is not the way swamp gas
behaves. It has a flat spread," Hein
said.

Some persons in the
Michigan area insist they saw
objects which rose straight up
and then darted off at a high
speed. Hein, an astronomer,
said he investigated the
sightings and that the objects
were reported in the sky more
than 2,000 feet above the ground.
Others were spotted westward
in the looking glass of
Northmier of South Lyon who
reported an object in the sky
near that town.

Dr. Hynek investigated at
Pierson and Hillsdale only and
reported sightings in those
areas. His report related only to
those areas.

People Enlisted to Observe
Mysterious Flying Saucers

There is a continuing interest in the midwest in
the unidentified aerial objects that continue to be 
reported. These take on various shapes, sizes and
colors, and some claim to observe them from the
ground or in the air.

The latest incident took place over southeastern
Michigan, and a wild, brown-and-white farmer.
That's about par for the course.

Flying saucers usually seem to
come from their clentities with a dramatic
scrambled version of the American scene.
OUT AT Washtenaw, there is a
small group of men who have the
interest to take down carefully the
details of any flying saucer sightings.
They have an active organization and
a growing number of observers.

They can explain a high percentage
of the sightings as familiar objects. But
they admit there is a percentage they
cannot explain. And they work to determine if other natural
phenomena rather than extra-terrestrial visitations can account
for the objects.

The Air Force investigators had a
difficult sighting last year, described as
a "small compact size, somewhat elevated
in the eastern sky". Now, over western
Michigan, another unusual pattern has been noted by
many, a bright object which seems to appear and disappear at
will. And at times it seems to make a circular pattern.

This has interested the Washtenaw County group, many
of whom are scientists and teachers. They carefully record all
details and make an effort to have witnesses corroborate their
observations.

WHEN THE MAN approached them, he was carrying a little
green box. He said he saw the object again and got out of it. They
asked him to come to their meeting to relate his experience. The
man left, never to be seen again.

The Air Force investigators reported the
incident, using the term "UFO" for unidentified
flying object. Now, over western Michigan,
another unusual pattern has been noted by many,
a bright object which seems to appear and
disappear at will. And at times it seems to
make a circular pattern.

This has interested the Washtenaw
County group, many of whom are scientists
and teachers. They carefully record all details
and make an effort to have witnesses
corroborate their observations.