There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 100 - 250 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away from you would you say it was? 12 - 15,000 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Moving 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) 
e. At sea
f. Other _

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
Other: flying at about 500 ft. above the ground

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast
e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Camera (Yes) No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A silvery/whitish/gray object, dull color, roundish, no definite shape, no protrusions, no jets or flames, silent, no visible appendages, hovered over a small hill for a few minutes, then accelerated at a high rate of speed straight up and disappeared.