There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report containing text only.

The text in the document is as follows:

The 18 other observers to the RUSH COUNTY SIGHTING of Oct. 6, 1966 .( . (These are the country nursmarous others; )
Orval WEEP, 525 N. main , Rushville,In. 932-2263, age 60, WYAFT-MOOR
Velma Wisler , Teacher in Jr. Hi. his wife.
Janet Hunsinger , 35, R 2 Carthage , housewife, ART TEHCHER.
Mrs, John Koons , 26, 221 W. 4th. Rushville, 938-3152. housewife
Mr. Kenney Cole 232 Carthage
nr. Weldon Garfield and wife
Mrs. Lloyd Dyer, RR 5 Rushville
Farming Gosling and wife
Harvey Arnold Jr. , 15, R37 Rushville, Farmer
John Arnold, 11 son
clarence Arnold, JR 7, Farmer
Andy Ariens RR 7 Farmer
Mr. and Mrs. Ford Berdine, Defiance , Ohio. (were staying at motel)
Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Jensen , 2115 Russell , Lincoln Park , Mich. (where they were vacationing, had an identical sight)
All seen object between 7:00 and 7:30 for from 10 to 15 minutes.
Witnesses: Velvet object in the east about size of a basketball. It faded in the SW or W.
It faded in the SW or W.
The colored red light and all agreed it was an unusually bright light.
All could see it become two bright lights except some persons in Carthage.
All seen some flickering or blinking red lights.
All agreed the sound resembled many small birds flapping their wings. It was standing still. 
Its sound was given many descriptions such as; electric mixer, helicopter, farm sounding, two moncred aircraft, rattled car motor etc.
To the three farmers and son on RR7 who were working in field, the object came into view from over hill to their east. and at one time drop back an go back behind a hill. A humming sound was passed overhead. One farmer thought he seen a hose around a red light
(They claim what was reported to be just three lights on 10-7-66)
The mortician's wife reported this same phenomena.It is very interesting that so many persons have come and say they saw the object with multl-formations of red blinking lights.and those on outskirts in back, with only the rear or side blinking. what goes on here?