HOUSTON CHRONICLE
Page 2, Section 1

Sunday, April 17, 1966

Refunds Increase
Providence, R.I. (AP) — The state director of internal revenue says Rhode Islanders are averaging $18 more in their income tax refund checks than year ago.

NOTICE!

DUE TO THE FIRE AT OUR S. MAIN LOCATION—THAT LOCATION WILL BE CLOSED FOR THE TIME BEING

WE HOPE YOU WILL VISIT US AT EITHER

5511 BELLAIRE MO 6-2571
OR
10517 S. POST OAK PA 3-3453

THESE LOCATIONS ARE TAKE-HOME TO SERVE YOURSELF—BUT BOTH SERVE THE SAME FINE FOOD THAT YOU RECEIVED ON S. MAIN FOR OVER 10 YEARS OF FINE FOOD!

---

U.S. Files to Draw GM Into Accident Suit

BY MORTON MINTZ
Washington Bureau, Los Angeles Times

Washington — United States is trying to shift liability for an accident involving a 1961 Pontiac Tempest onto the manufacturer by charging that the car is of "hazardous design."

The case is believed to be the first in which the government has attempted to lay the responsibility for an accident on the auto maker's design.

The government is being joined by a woman who was seriously injured when the undercarriage of the 1961 Tempest sedan in which she was riding hooked on a cattle guard on a U.S. Forest Service road. The sudden stop tore the windshield and her car fell down the cattle guard.

Only Tempests

But the government says, every vehicle other than the Tempests would be imperiled at this cattle guard at reason­able speeds," and asks the General Motors to make a third-party defendant.

E. S. Att. Clifford E. Aspinwall has petitioned that GM should be required to indemnify the government if it is found to have been negligent in failing to correct the defect.

No Ruling Yet

The court has not yet ruled whether to make GM a third-party defendant, but it is expected to do so within several weeks. Consequently, no papers have been served on GM, and it has declined to rebuttal.

The accident occurred on a United States Forest Service road near Ecclesiast. It is alleged that an inexperienced driver was involved, Mrs. beside him on Eccleston Road.

The government put the blame on "affirmative" GM "acts and omissions," including the following:

Of the 1961 Tempest sedan in which she was riding hooked on a cattle guard on a U.S. Forest Service road. The sudden stop tore the windshield and her car fell down the cattle guard. The Tempests with a front-end road of his Tempests "dangerous tendency" and failing to correct or remedy it. The design was held by the government to be inadequate and dangerous in that whenever the front end would drag down five inches for any cause whatsoever" the front of the hood hooked on whatever is on the surrounding or smelt.

Nader testified that the claims were paid by reportedly in "dozens" of cases in 1961 Tempests have "hung up" on road surfaces, particularly at road grade crossings.

Changes

This design, the government "was defective, hazardous and dangerous in that whenever the front end would drag down five inches for any cause whatsoever" the front hook hooked on to whatever is on the surrounding or smelt.

The government put the blame on "affirmative" GM "acts and omissions," including the following:

Resignation of Freeman Is Urged

Huron, S.D. (AP) — Alfred F Himes, special assistant to the secretary of agriculture under Harry S Truman, says Orville Freeman should resign as secretary of agriculture.

"Freeman has not adequately"

[Text appears to continue but is cut off]