The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text content only.

METEONIT FIRES MIROS
Friday, March 25, 1966 THE SECOND FRONT PAGE Page 3, Section A

Air Force to Explain 'Saucers'

What are these mysterious, glaring, flying objects that have caused so much furor in Southwestern Michigan this week?

The Air Force said Thursday it is going to conduct a scientific, logical investigation to try to determine just what these objects really are.

The Air Force investigation, said Maj. Hector Quintanilla Jr., chief of the Aerial Phenomena Office (APO) in Dayton, O., is "beginning to shape up." We hope to have a preliminary explanation as a result of our investigation", he said.

QUINTANILLA is the project officer in charge of the Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) office.

The Air Force, which has been collecting UFO reports for nearly 20 years, has received 11,057 reports since 1947. But Quintanilla said he didn't indicate which of them might fit the current Michigan situation.

But enough people have called the Air Force to indicate their bafflement over the Michigan sightings, which many think may be "flying saucers".

HONES QUINTANILLA, a astrophysicist at Northwestern University, has been looking into these cases for the Air Force and says that so far he has found no evidence to indicate that any of the mysterious objects are the result of interplanetary spacecraft.

HE EXPLAINED that this means that there isn't proof to show that the objects are from Mars or Venus or some place down on us with their anti-gravity-powered space saucers.

So the Air Force explanation isn't meant to satisfy those who watched the objects zipping over Dexter, Hillsdale, Watervliet, Clinton Township and various other places.

It may agree with Alfred Dicken, of York, Pa., a maintenance man for the York County Gas Co., who says that saucers and other phenomena are merely balls of "swamp gas" escaping from swamps and marshes.

Also called "Jack-o-lanterns," they may have a scientific explanation, says the Air Force.