2

(there was a 3/4 full moon), which was behind me and shinning over my left shoulder. The objects were far off in the west at 6:55 (± 1/2 min) pm CST (no daylight saving time).

When I rolled down the window and the objects were directly overhead, and for all time thereafter during the observation, the objects produced no detectible sound!

FACTUAL OBSERVATIONS:

(1) The size of the objects when directly overhead had a relative diameter from 1/5 to 1/4 that of the moon's diameter or about the size of a fingernail 30" from the eye.

(2) The objects' formation increased in size approximately seven to ten times.

(3) The time of final observation was 8:55 pm CST ± 1/2 minute.

(4) The objects were circular.

(5) The triangular pattern was maintained by the objects for the duration of the observation.

(6) The color of the light received by us was orange-yellow when they were at maximum size and bright white when first sighted.

(7) The objects made a smooth maneuver, burning from East to West.

(8) There was no noticeable wind on the ground and visibility was excellent for that time of night.

(9) The moon was bright and about 5/4 full.

(10) All objects were of equal intensity and were glowing when closest. (The center object was possibly a shade darker than the outer three.)

(11) There was no detectible sound produced by the objects.

(12) When the center "object" (light) was in its most forward position (see figure), there was a definite decrease in the intensity of the region where the leading object and the center object overlapped (dark spot). This occurred only once and then only for a second but it was long enough that it was noticeable. COMMENT: I didn't think that this was important until I was discussing the event with some professors at Georgia Tech. One professor was told to think that it could be important. One professor in the Physics Department said that this could be a result of the light being out of phase and the decrease in intensity caused by interference, however.

This statement was sent to the Air Force the next day as an appendix to official report. I believe it to be the most significant factual observation.

D-23