There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

The Sighting (Cont'd)
A study of scientific pictures of various rocket launchings revealed nothing to compare with the appearance of the object seen.

Ref: National Geographic Society Magazine, May, 1956

By varying the viewer's azimuth angles to the object, it was determined that the azimuth angles varied greatly. The vertical angles also varied, ranging from almost directly overhead, to near the horizon. It is felt that this degradation of definition rules out a case of observing satellite or missile test. It is felt that this was not a usual astronomical object such as a comet, meteor, or conjunction of planets, since the object did not twinkle and varied in size from moment to moment.

The object was observed long enough to obtain two triconometric solutions, and an angular value of 10-15 minutes of arc was computed for the object. At the distance of 35-50 miles, this would give a true diameter of the object between 1/4 and 1/2 mile. It is based on two strong a variation of the azimuth angles.

Mr. {Redacted} said that the azimuth angles of the object scanned were nearly 60 degrees. This, coupled with the fact that the object was visible for over 2 hours, would seem to rule out a conventional aircraft, a meteorosonde, or a distant atmospheric phenomenon. However, this continues to be the most probable explanation, notwithstanding the failure to confirm this hypothesis with that of other observers.

The object was first observed by {Redacted} in a telephone conversation with Lt. Secretary, who stated that the individual had seen an unidentified flying object. The individual said that he had seen an extremely brilliant light which did not twinkle and appeared to be elongated or elliptical in shape. He said that it hovered and maneuvered in a manner unlike any conventional aircraft or known aerial phenomena.