STATEMENT

Friday, 26 August 1966 my wife, three children and I were traveling from Atlanta, Georgia to Huntsville, Alabama. Our trip began on US 41 North to Highway 20, through Rome, Georgia to the State line where Highway 20 becomes Highway 9. Four miles past the State line we intersected Highway 35 at approximately 8:51 pm CST. It was at this time that we first saw a small cluster of star-like objects. We turned North onto 35 xxxxxxx and the objects, which my wife noticed were then at our upper right (about two o'clock). She said her attention rested on them because they were brighter than other stars and because they were clustered so closely together. She said nothing to me at this time.

A few seconds later, she noticed that they were moving relative to several "near by stars." They moved toward our right, away from us and down - seemingly at a slow rate of speed. It was then that she first made comment of the objects to me. She said "There's an airplane flying up there." She pointed in the general direction. I paid little attention to this. Approximately one minute later, she said "It's coming down; I think it's going to land." To this I commented that commercial airplanes just do not land in the middle of God's Country. She then looked over toward me and then back out the window and said, "That's the biggest airplane I have ever seen; It's going to land!"

It was then that I looked up (about 11 o'clock) directly in a plane containing the objects and our stationwagon and approximately normal to the road. The objects had made a smooth maneuver turning from East to West and passing over us. I immediately applied the brakes bringing the car to a stop on the side of the road. I rolled down the window while the car was slowing down.

I saw four circular, orange-yellow, glowing, objects moving from East to West. There were at the vertices of an obtuse triangle moving with the obtuse vertex in the direction of flight. The fourth object seemed to be at equilibrium in the center of the triangle and moved relative to the other three with rapid sporadic motion fore and aft, along the direction of flight, once leaving the confines of the triangle tied itself in the aft direction.

The objects passed directly overhead normal to the highway and off into the distance.

There was no noticeable wind on the ground, the temperature in Fort Payne, Ala. was 65° F (approximately 16 miles away), the sky was clear - so clear that I could have easily driven my car by the bright moon light (there was a 3/4 full moon), which was behind me and shining over my left shoulder. The objects were far off in the west at 8:55 (≈ ½ min) pm CST

D-7