There does not appear to be any photograph in this document from the Project Blue Book files. The image shows a typed letter dated August 24, 1966 addressed to "RTD (CAPT)" from Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, regarding a previous letter about a UFO sighting on April 29 and 30, 1966. The letter discusses the sighting details and the writer's overall perspective on the matter.

As requested, here is the text from the document, transcribed using an OCR system:

August 24, 1966

RTD (CAPT)
Wright-Patterson AFB, OHIO 45433

Hector Quintanilla Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Dear Sir:

In regards to your letter of August 22, 1966. There 
certain have been a misunderstanding:

As I have mentioned before, I accept your conclusions for
the April 29, 1966 sightings. The image I saw were very 
brief. However, you made no mention of the next sighting 
on April 30. I was mentioning that I had 
also seen something that 
disappeared absolutely no idea what to think about that.

For, on the same day, there was a third and separate sighting and I thought this was understood. I was observing it for 
quite a while after the first two sightings, about 15 minutes.
Apparently, it is not relevant to the April 29 and 30 sightings
but there is no relation between the two cases that I can ascertain, it would you please check the PBB form again. I am sure I wrote the fire form.

One I reported the April 29 and 30 sighting and was sent only
one form. I assume you wrote me to acquire the full case file.

On my July 23, 1966 letter, I mentioned the April 29 sighting 
and the white object that dropped something red and the fire in a third
case. I was staring at the object when I saw something drop and understook there.

Now about your request to fill out the PBB form again. The sightings
were quite a while back and I am sure I could not recall the details 
exactly as I saw them on that day. Certainly, you will have to comply with
the regulations, but I have no illusions about UFO, feeling there is a practical
and sound explanation for just about everything. I was just curious in reporting
what I did see. Well you promise, not to send me any more forms.

Most Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]