The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

During the phase in which Special Report #14 was in preparation (1952 - 1954) the material attracted an unusual degree of attention and interest. Subsequent Fiction publications of alleged contacts with visitors from outer space and Science Fiction publications of purported pseudo-scientific formations of purported UFO sightings. The radar sightings in Washington D.C. during July 1952 tended to substantiate the UFO reports. News coverage during this period was extremely high and General Samford conducted a press conference on 29 July 1952 to explain the situation.

With the increased volume of reports pouring in, a Scientific Advisory Panel on UFO was established in late January 1953 all available data was examined. Conclusions and recommendations of this panel were published in an unclassified report, and made public. The panel concluded that UFO's did not threaten the National Security of the U.S. and recommended that the "Myth of the flying saucer" be removed. 

By 1953 Air Force responsibility for the UFO program had become firmly established. It was not apparent that some directives were necessary in order to standardize investigative procedures and formulate policy. AFR 200-2 was written and the final publication appeared in August 1954. This regulation states the purpose, investigative procedures and policies relating to the release of information. Special Report #14 was completed on 17 March 1955. It was the product of the Scientific Advisory Panel and it was highly improbable that any of these reports represented observations of technological developments outside the range of present day scientific knowledge.  In accordance with the recommendations of the Scientific Panel and the review of information concluded in AFR 200-2 the report was declassified and released to the general public on 5 May 1955.

After 1955 the public concern with scientific UFO investigation virtually disappeared. Periodic evaluation of the data and release of information to proper news media called the "FACT SHEET". These, or similar releases have been made periodically. All data collected has been in conjunction with the conclusions of the Scientific Panel in January 1953. Still, the "Flying Saucer Myth" has persisted and many conferences and seminars have been held among the interested individuals and organizations. Among the most significant of these are: a) 8 October 1956, Incident Investigation Board Meeting, b) 6 September 1957, Defense Science Board Briefing, c) 31 January 1958, McClellan Sub-Committee Briefing, d) 8 August 1958, McCormack Sub-Committee Briefing, e) February 1959, Washington D. C. Policy Meetings and f) 11 - 15 July 1961, Congressional Briefing (Mr. Robert Smart).