The image provided does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Ws the object -
Self-luminous ?
Dull finish?
Reflecting?
Transparent?

Did the object remain in one position while in motion?

Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead
b. Dime
c. Nickel
d. Half dollar
e. Orange
f. Grapefruit

Or, if smaller, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length. 

How did you happen to observe the object(s)?

Where were you and what were you doing at the time?

How did the object(s) disappear from view?

Compared with a known stationary object, what was the apparent altitude at which the object was flying?

Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate.

(Please include time, direction, and elevation of the aircraft)

What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky?

Please mark on this hemisphere sketch the apparent position of the object(s) in the sky.

Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing the exact direction from which the object(s) was (were) first observed, the nearest town, village, buildings, roads, and other landmarks within a mile.

Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area?

Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.

Have you any photographs, motion pictures, or other tangible evidence of illustrating the appearance described? If so, will you permit them to be forwarded to project blue book for analysis? If not, please state.

Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please state.

We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This section will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations. If you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please check one of the possible choices at the bottom of this form.

Date of filling out this report: April 21, 1966
Signature: Gerald Kelince