The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TREASURY DEPARTMENT
UNITED STATES COAST GUARD

Commanding Officer 
USCGC LEGARE (WHEC-744)
Galveston, Texas 77541

From: Commanding Officer, USCGC LEGARE (WHEC-744)
To: Commanding Officer, USCGC HANSEN S. WHEELER (WHEC-124)
Subj: UFO Sighting; supplementary information
Ref: (a) CG, WHEELER ltr of 16 AUG 66
    (b) CO, LEGARE ltr 5720, Ser 126, dtd 4 MAY 66

1. Further investigation into the circumstances surrounding the power failure referred to in reference (a) was conducted by contacting Mr. ECKENBERGER of the Houston Lighting and Power Company. This revealed the following information:

(a) On 20 March 1966, the LEGARE was moored at the U.S. Coast Guard Station, Surfside, Texas. The ship was utilizing electrical shore ties.

(b) A power failure occurred at 0135, 20 March 1966, which encompassed the entire Surfside area. Mr. ECKENBERGER reports that this was caused by a local power pole being knocked down.

(c) The electric company's night trouble crew replaced the line fuse before checking the main lines. Several minutes later the fuse blew again. The trouble crew checked the lines and found that the problem and found that a tree had grown into the lines. It was repaired and power restored to the area. This sequence of events took approximately one hour.

2. The Coast Guardsmen who sighted the UFO report that:

(a) The visibility was good, and the Surfside Bridge could be clearly seen, a distance of about three miles.

(b) The first power failure occurred simultaneously with the sighting of the UFO, mentioned in the original sighting made by those Coast Guardsmen concerned. As this UFO rose slowly and then sped away, the power was restored.

(c) A few minutes after restoration the power died again. Then the two small UFO's (strokes of light quickly up from the ground) were sighted. They rapidly disappeared.

(d) Some time later the electric company's repair truck was sighted with its rotating orange beacon and spotlights. It was recognized as a truck and it was normal operation where the two other anomalous objects had been seen.

Keep Freedom in Your Future with U.S. Savings Bonds