There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with the title "Truth About Flying Objects Hidden by AF, Faithful Say".

Text transcription:

WEATHER REPORT
Truth About Flying Objects
Hidden by AF, Faithful Say
By HOWARD BRUBAKER
Washington Post Staff Writer

Flying-saucer fans claim to have unearthed more proof that the Air Force is withholding vital information about unidentified flying objects. 

This proof - in the firm of interviews with Air Force personnel and former members of the House Committee on Aerial Phenomena - is detailed in an article in the April issue of "Fate" magazine.

The believers repeatedly have charged that the Air Force deliberately withholds the truth, which in their view would show that "flying saucers" are real.

The Air Force, which has conducted Project Blue Book for many years in an effort to investigate UFO sightings, denies this and says most of the sightings reported can be explained.

The article in "Fate" quotes a former captain in the Air Force's intelligence unit as saying that in 1952 he became aware of a secret Air Force group called Project Sign, which was charged with investigating UFO sightings.

The informant said that Project Sign was turned into Project Grudge, which had the primary purpose of "debunking" UFO reports.

The article also says that a former member of the House Committee on Aerial Phenomena was told by an Air Force major that the committee was disbanded by the Air Force in order to stop its investigations of UFO reports.

The article quotes the former committee member as saying he was told the Air Force wanted to stifle the committee's activities because it was "getting too close to the truth."

The article concludes that the Air Force has been covering up its knowledge of UFOs for the past 20 years, making only token efforts to investigate sightings.

The Air Force, on the other hand, says it investigates all bona fide UFO reports and publishes the results. It adds that the "flying saucer" concept is without foundation. More than 10,000 UFO reports have been checked out by the Air Force since 1947, and 90 per cent of them have been explained, the Air Force says.