The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a collection of UFO reports investigated by the United States Air Force.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
NORTH 7-9434
REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS(S)
This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.
If you have sighted an unidentified flying object, please complete this form and return it to NICAP. If your observation has been published in a newspaper, magazine or in another publication, please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another piece of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your comments in all cases and is generally appreciated.
1. Name Place of Employment WASH.STATE UNIVERSITY
Address Occupation Instructor
Education: Ph.D. Degree, M.S. Degree, Military Service USMC 1945-46
2. Telephone Time 9:05 pm Time Zone MT
3. Date of Observation Aug 30, 1966 Local: Old Faithful, Yellowstone Nat'l Park
4. How long did you see the object? 5 Minutes
5. Please indicate weather conditions and the type of sky cover (clear, bright daylight, nighttime, etc.)
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you.
7. If the object(s) was (were) colored, what were the colors?
8. Was the object(s) brighter than the background? one
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light, was it revolving.
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? The object appeared as bright as the
11. If so, how much brighter? Indicating a surrounding clear, bright halo.
12. Did the object(s) --- None of the items listed - The object maintained a steady unchanging
a. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? brightness, remaining in a straight direction after turning. 
b. Come to a complete stop and hover? After turning south, the light suddenly dimmed
c. Take a course that could be described as evasive? and then extinguished while in a clear sky, the extinction occurred in an instant, no fading.
d. Leave any visible trail?
e. Break up into parts or explode?
f. Change color?
13. Did the object(s) go behind something in front of, or behind the object, if so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc, if possible.
14. Was there any a cloud cover and, if so, did the object pass in front of, or behind the cloud(s) which proved its movement.
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshleld, windows, from window, etc.?
16. What were the sound conditions when you observed the object(s)?
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) -- Very bright - looking very much like any other star.
a. Fuzzy or blurred.
b. Etiz a light only.
c. Sharply outlined.