The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing a UFO sighting. Here is the OCR output of the text in the document:

July 8, 1966
Dear S.

Perseus B and on the next clear night I will accurately determine this. During the daylight hour of the clear day the object was observed by a boy. It had no visible body and a pear-shaped tail. Its width appeared to be about 1/8 to 1/10 of its length. The object was observed in the south eastward direction and its southern end appeared blunt and the northern end tapering. It was observed for a short period of time between 0900 and 0115 and it diminished in intensity from the continuation brightness-red just before disappearance.

Around 0115 it disappeared several times (2 or 3) and reappeared faintly before complete extinction. It was moving very slowly toward the south and had difficultly seeing the object. When the object began to diminish in brightness I had difficulty seeing the telescope and would see a shower or spark like particles or bodies around it.

The following details concerning this object are pertinent and will be reported for completeness:
During the entire demonstration the body seemed fixed as if in infinity. If it divided the body into two halves, I have to visualize the location to be at the level of the central red orange locality. It is possible that immediately prior to 0130 there was a brilliant flash which might have dispelled the population. The tail had ruled out UFOs. Balloons' reflections, weather, aircraft, searchlights and other man activities did not seem to have produced this apparent phenomenon to be made some contingent phenomena.

This is the first and only report to be made by me concerning celestial phenomena observed on 1965 and the appearance of this comet was public knowledge. If it were pressed to estimate the maximum extent of the phenomena, it would be 7 to 9 inches as measured at arms-length and the duration which had occurred millions of light years ago. Perhaps there is a much similar and less exotic explanation.

I sincerely feel the foregoing is an accurate recitation of our experience. If required I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have concerning this unusual event.

Yours very truly,
[Signature redacted]

HAB/p