This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with a report or description of a UFO sighting.

Captain Thomas G. Seeberger
19 August 1966

We could still not make out any kind of a silhouette even though the object was plainly visible, in its entirety, both to the naked eye as well as through binoculars.

My wife gave up viewing at that point and went back into the house, but I continued to trail the object with the binoculars.

When it reached a point in the western area, approximately 60 degrees from overhead (about 30 degrees above the horizon), I observed a bright, rotating white light come on beneath all the lights previously mentioned. The rotating light lasted only for a few seconds when, suddenly, I observed nothing - no lights at all, no silhouette, no anything.

I couldn't believe my eyes for a moment: I had not moved my binoculars from the object. I had it directly in the center of my viewing field ...and yet, in an instant it disappeared from view in clear, relatively bright sky.

I scanned the sky with my eyes and with the binoculars, but could see nothing more of what I had observed before had been a series of bright lights, including a rotating white light.

After perhaps two minutes of scanning and not observing anything further of the object, I went into the house and phoned the APDC office at 295-7461 and checked the controller positions and reported he had nothing in the area I had been observing but he admitted that they could not track anything over 24,000 on their radar scopes. He suggested, however, I call you and advise you of what I had seen, which I did at 2010 M.

The sighting leaves me with the following questions:

1. If it had been a conventional aircraft, either prop or jet, why would it have been flying at that altitude in daylight with a noise landing light continuously on?
2. If it had been a conventional aircraft, why could I not see any silhouette of shape other than the bright lights or reflections?
3. If it had been a conventional aircraft, why did it have a bright, rotating white light underneath instead of the normal rotating red light? Or was it a rotating white light could have been some reflection from the setting sun which appeared to be a rotating white light? Possibly caused by some kind of turbulence?
4. Why did it suddenly disappear completely in relatively bright, clear sky and leave no silhouette to follow?
5. If it had been a conventional aircraft, why did I not hear any noise from its engines as it passed overhead? It was perfectly silent and yet, other aircraft, both civilian and military, always produce the sounds of the particular powerplant involved.