There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This seems to be a textual document, specifically a "Fireball Report" from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

FIREBALL REPORT
Persons observing a fireball or meteor should report the information to the American Meteor Society. The information desired is contained below.

A very brilliant meteor or fireball passed in your vicinity on... possible, and due credit given. It is only by the help of those who can give personal information that this data can be secured for the investigation of such phenomena. These incidents are of extreme scientific interest and should be reported to the American Meteor Society in order that permanent records of such phenomena may be obtained. Without reports from observers the records will be incomplete.

(1) Give your name and address: 
(2) Where were you when you saw the meteor? (If the town is small please give county as well.) 
(3) Give the date, hour and minute when the meteor appeared; also kind of time used.
(4) To what direction did it appear or in what direction was it first seen?
(5) In what direction did it disappear or in what direction was it last seen? For questions 4 and 5, simply N, S, E, or W is not accurate enough, unless these were the exact directions. If compass is used, state if true or magnetic compass has been applied to compare reading.
(6) At what height did it appear? (Use degrees in answering.)
(7) At what height did it disappear? (Use degrees in answering.)
(8) Did it pass directly overhead (i.e., through the zenith)?
(9) If not, to which side of the zenith did it go, and how far from it? (Use degrees in answering.)
(10) Did it appear to reach the horizon? What sort of a horizontal path did it follow?
(11) What angle did the path of the meteor make with the horizon and in which direction was it then going?
(12) If you are familiar with constellations describe the path of the meteor through the sky with reference to them.
(13) Did the meteor appear to explode?
(14) What was the duration of its flight in seconds?
(15) Describe the trail, if any, that it left. If it lasted long enough to show drift, most carefully tell in what direction train drifted. Give sketch, if possible, showing this with regard to horizon.
(16) What was the duration of the train in seconds?
(17) Did you hear any sound? How long after seeing the meteor was it before you heard this sound?
(18) Did you hear an actual explosion? How long after seeing the explosion was it before you heard it?
(19) Did you color see the meteor? To what color did the meteor appear to be?
(20) What was the size of the meteor? (Compare it with the Moon or with a planet or star.)
(21) Was more than one body seen before the explosion (if any)?
(22) What was condition of sky at time?
(23) Give names and addresses of others who saw the meteor.
Please mail this reply to
Narberth, Pennsylvania 19072