There is no photograph present in this scanned document page from the Project Blue Book UFO report.

UFOa - E. MASS. - APRIL 1966 (continued)
to it as it hovered low over the Beverly High School. It gradually
closed less than 20 feet of the witness who did not turn his
light on for fear of the object being extinguished by hovering
over the area as Peabody and Andover as well as Beverly.

The object, a large square-like shape, was about 50-55 feet in
diameter. It appeared to have a bright white light in the center, 
which illuminated it. It did not have any shape or form, just a
bright light in the center. It hovered and then was observed to
go straight up at a high rate of speed.

Investigator Hynek observed the next day that over the years 
there have been many reports of "Fireballs" as they are sometimes
called, which accelerates to great speeds and are often
observed. He stated that in his opinion this was most likely a
" Fireball".

In comparing the "best Seti Massachusetts, April 1966 UFO sightings to those 
made in New Hampshire three days later, March 13-16, 1966, there are
some interesting similarities. It is interesting to note that on 2-29-66 
Miss Anne Calvert, age 48, reported an observation of a strange light in the
sky to the Newburyport, Massachusetts Police on 2-28-66. Coincidence? Over the years
the "Blue Book" has received many reports of sightings in the general
New England area, particularly in the states of Massachusetts and New 
Hampshire. None of the April sightings occurred in broad daylight but
most were reported between dusk and 8:30 P.M.

Other interesting facts were that in the Bellingan and Beverly sightings
anomalous radar targets were detected by ground observers, confirming 
the airborne nature of the object(s). Also of special interest is the fact
that in both the Newburyport and Bellingan cases, the objects were
described as having a "maneuverable capability and/or hovering motion".
All this data tends to be conflicting with the reported conclusions that
these were "Fireballs". The project considers these sightings significant enough
to warrant detailed analysis and a full report will be forthcoming.