The image contains a photograph, which appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book regarding a UFO sighting in Temple, Oklahoma on March 23, 1966. The document describes the sighting and provides details about the observed object, including its appearance and the witness's observations.

TEMPLE, OKLAHOMA 
23 MARCH 1966

Observer was driving his car along the highway at approximately 0905, 23 March 1966, when he noticed an object on the road in front of him. He stopped the car and got out as to get a better view of the object. The object was so bright that it looked like a portion of the road had a glow around it. The object had the appearance of a conventional aircraft (C-121) without wings and motors. There was a pulsating visible on top, similar to a B-26 canopy. As observer approached, he noticed a man wearing a baseball cap enter the object by steps from the bottom. After the man had entered the object it began to rise from the approximate road level to an altitude of 300 to 400 feet.
The objects had forward and art lights that were very bright. As the object rose from the ground, a high speed drill type sound was heard, plus a sound like that of welding rod when it are is struck. Object was 75' long, nearly 8' wide and about 10' wide at the bottom. There were some type of supports on the bottom of the object.

After the closest disappearance the witness got back into his car and drove approximately fifteen miles down the highway. At this time the original witness stopped and called with another individual who had also stopped along the roadway to watch some lights over Red River which is approximately five or six miles to the northwest.

COMMENTS
Various organizations were contacted around the Temple area for a possible experimental or conventional aircraft. The observer stated that he thought the object was some type of Army or Air Force research aircraft. All attempts at such an explanation proved fruitless, since there were no aircraft in the area at the time of the sighting. Although there are numerous helicopters and other experimental aircraft in the area, none could be put in the area of Temple at approximately 0900, 23 March 1966. Because of this factor the case is listed as unidentified by the Air Force.