The image appears to contain a newspaper clipping with text and no photograph. The text describes an incident involving a "strange object called balloon" that was observed descending from the sky in Snow Hill, Maryland. The object was initially thought to be a weather balloon, but it was eventually determined to be a "mystery deflated" object. The text also mentions that the object was the subject of an investigation by the Washington office of the U.S. Air Force.

Morning News, Wilmington, Del.
Fri., Oct. 22, 1965

Strange object called balloon

Md. mystery deflated

SNOW HILL, Md. - The object which fell from the sky behind a Snow Hill, Md., hatchery Wednesday afternoon may be a weather balloon, a spokesman for the hatchery said last night.

Robert Ledd, manager of the Washington office of the U.S. Air Force in Rockville, Md., said he based his theory on a description of the find—an inflatable, winged object 12 to 14 feet long, with a diameter of 8 to 10 feet. Ledd said he would conduct an investigation at once.

MRS. George Hopkins, owner of the hatchery, said the object descended at the rear of her building. The markings on the object were SSV and the name of the company.

It was entirely with foil vanes, Mrs. Hopkins said. Four of these appeared designed to propel it, she added.

MRS. Hopkins said heat apparently vaporized automatically to cause the thing to expand and when it was carried into the hatchery office it quickly deflated to the size of a softball.

A team from the Dover Air Force Base picked up the object and returned it to the base. A base spokesman said it was taken to Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio for possible identification.

Representatives of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration at Wallops Island, Va., said it did not originate there.

Scheidahl was the firm that produced the Echo I satellite which cut a brilliant trail through the skies in 1960. LEDD said Scheidahl balloons are used in tests at Wallops Island and also are used by the Army in tests in the Washington-Virginia area.

"It's entirely possible one of them got loose," Ledd said. "Balloons of various types are used over a period of time in various tests in this country all the time," he said.

MRS. HOPKINS said the object resembled aluminum.

Throughout Wednesday afternoon and night scores of persons flocked to the scene to view the object before it was removed. MRS. Hopkins said many theories were expressed about its origin and size, the most prevalent being that it was a gunnery target or a device for training radar operators.