There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Major Quintanilla
September 29, 1966
- 2 -
Over the house, behind him. Remember he was supposedly driving the car; so how could he have seen the object so easily, if he did not stop? The questionnaire should have determined whether he stopped to observe the object. The fact that he saw something that is not identified, does not mean we have established the possibility that the object he saw behind the house, was nothing more than an ordinary object, even though it may have been a strange luminous object in the sky at the time for a plane to be there. However, if he was driving alone at the time that this third entity was sighted, he must have covered five miles in ten minutes, in order to be on your questionnaire. Here, again, the object might have been a cloud. I suggest that it might have been a searchlight on a cloud. He has reported scattered clouds. Even though he is a "scientist" of a sort, he might have misinterpreted the futureshipped beam of a
searchlight.
I suggest that some of the red lights he saw may have been stars. How do people recognise his statements of things of view, "four seconds" and "two seconds" with the ten minutes of observation period. If this was the object at 8:22 (was the object in motion. He saw a rapidly moving object at A which he saw for eight
seconds). The speed now must be considered which was standing still over the house. The conclusion that these two objects were the same when in my opinion they were entirely different. He may have the object at 8:23 which is sixty seconds later. In what direction was Andrews Air Force Base from the object in question? Where were the glasses? Was he wearing them at the time. Does Mrs. - wear glasses? Was he wearing them at the time and does that make a reflection from certain things you can get a reflection from his. His description of the original motion was "very fast". He seems to have adequate sighting the consistent with his diagram, which shows the motion for four or six minutes. There is nothing to the contrary, but a bright object. I am certain that what he saw at B was in all probability not what he saw at A.