There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a typed report or letter describing a sighting of a UFO or unidentified flying object.

Text from the document:

April 7, 1966
Director of Research
Project Blue Book
SAFOI
Washington, D. C. 20330

Sir:

Although I am perhaps a little behind in making this report, I feel that it may possibly be of some value.

First a little personal background -- I am 48 years old, in good physical health, eyesight is good, a trained pilot (Reserve officer not on active duty), not normally easily excited nor given to hallucinations.

On the night of 19 March 1966, I was returning from the Miami area to my home near New Smyrna Beach, Florida. I was driving north on highway U.S. 1 in my own auto, coastal road which were partially inundated by high tide to 100 feet or so, there had been slight scattered showers; traffic was light and at the time of the incident not far ahead of lights were visible either northor south of my position; there were no houses that I could see that were lighted from within; the time was approximately 001 hours, 20 March 1966. I had stopped just prior to this time at a restaurant in Mims, Florida, to have a cup of coffee and was approximately 2 to 4 miles north of Mims at the time of the sighting. I was travelling approximately sixty miles per hour and had the car window open. 

I noticed a pulsating light above and to my left front. I slowed the car, stopped and got out so as to see more clearly. The object remained motionless for a moment or so with the lights varying quite rapidly (80 to 100 alternations per minute) in color range of almost white to an intense blue. 

I estimated the altitude at between 5000 and 6000 feet. With my arm extended the object was covered by the tip of my index finger with the lights showing on the sides. I could not distinguish any details. The next step was indistinguishable, appearing only as a dark blob against the sky and stars.

After the initial sighting, the object descended several times in succession (4 or 5), each time lowering itself approximately 500 feet and stopping for a half minute or more, then descending again. During the descents neither the intensity nor the pulsation changed - remaining very constant.

At what appeared to be 1000 to 1500 feet above the area, the object hesitated for perhaps one and one-half minutes, then accelerated very rapidly in a northerly direction parallel to the highway and completely vanished in approximately 3 to 5 seconds.