The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text.

The text in the document is as follows:

AFS 200-2
and AF Form 112A.
12. (a) AF Supplement to Atch 13, Dept of AF Manual 14-2, data collection control system data. However, keep informed on status of items under consideration for submission into this system.
(b) ATC Form 112, Air Force report, is used. As a quarterly report, for unidentified aerial phenomena/objects through the control tower. 
The policy often involved in the mandatory reporting procedures and completion of this form is stated as follows:
"The criteria often involved in the reporting procedures and completion of ATC Form 112 production are routine occurrences through normal air traffic control radio communications. Only limited weather indications, true course/bearing, heading, and maximum speeds are required. Due to the infrequency of reporting activity, the procedures by the USAF (AFSC) may be requested only when necessary."
13. Where To Submit Reports:
a. Route reports through multiple addresses: 
(1) Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, Colorado 
(2) Sec'y Air Division (Defense) (For United States only)
(3) Air Force Systems Command, Foreign Technology Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
b. In D.C.: Hq USAF (AFCIN), Wash

b. Written Reports (Basic letters and AF Forms 112)
(1) Basic Letters: Submit all letter reports direct to AFSC. The AFSC will distribute the reports to interested Intelligence agencies and other controls in the United States and elsewhere as required.
(2) AF Form 112: Submit original report (in quadruplicate) to B/D, 1 Jul 1953, direct to HQ USAF (AFCIN), and a copy to AFSC.

c. Reports from Civilians: Where possible, advise civilians to submit reports through the nearest Air Force base for processing and transmission, to the nearest Air Force base.

14. Basic Reporting Data and Format. Show the following in the first portion of the text of written reports. Include the required data in all reports, in the order shown below:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape:
(2) Size compared to a known object (use of size comparisons).
(5) Other pertinent or unusual features.

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of the observer(s)?
(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object(s) first observed.
(3) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object(s) disappearance.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers.
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (instantaneous to the north, etc.)
(6) How long (were) the object(s) visible? (minutes, hours, etc.)

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use of optical instruments used, combination of the foregoing, unaided eye alone.
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binocular), used and description thereof.
(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, altitude, and location or ground station.

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting.
(2) Light conditions: (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk.)
(3) Location of Observer(s): Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position in sufficient detail to be identified on a known landmark map.
(4) Also, such as "2 NW N Decville," "3.5 SW of Blue Lake" Topographical seams or "fortuitous messages" making location plots difficult or impossible.