The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

STATEMENT

On the morning of 1 Aug 66 our crew was enroute to the South China Sea area, our altitude was 18,000 feet. We were in the left seat at the time the Navigator, Lt Weaver, mentioned that someone was "pointing" up, from our left. A bright light was observed by the crew for approx 5 min. It was under the plane and moving in a direction opposite from us. We were traveling almost due west, the lights approached us from the southeast at the same elevation as us. At times the lights appeared to be further away, at times closer, so it did not remain at a constant distance. The intensity or brightness of the lights varied which indicated they were under intelligent control.

At their closest approach, which I called to the attention of the crew to the formation of lights, and while we were watching them in fascination, they suddenly went out or the lights were extinguished. Immediately again after 2-5 seconds they reappeared, now much further away. It appeared to be further away from us, in that they took on a dimmer appearance.

We asked one of the crew members to get my camera. Unfortunately the camera could not be found and no pictures were obtained. The first impression we had of the objects appeared to be about the size of golf balls, but more flattened, oval objects. The way they maneuvered led us to believe they were aircraft of some type. My first impression was that they may have been aircraft of some type, but the brilliant, pulsating lights do not indicate that they were any type of aircraft as we know them.

We made one 90 degree level turn towards the objects, to see if we could get a bit closer. However, when we completed the turn they appeared to be climbing slightly and traveling away from us, so we returned to our original heading.

As we were during the 1 hour 30 minutes approximation, the 2nd group of lights had only 2 lights instead of 3. At the request of one of the crew members to see if I could describe any difference, I obliged in turning the plane to the left. (At our 9 o'clock position when we were on course) I cannot confirm what the object was, or whether it was aircraft or not, and I do not take it upon myself to make any good or bad assumptions with regards to what we saw. Suffice to say there are no reflections on the windows. I set the camera at f1:8, 1/125 second. The camera was hand-held during the shots. Two shots (misc. 36-37) were obtained showing what appeared to be the two objects, although it is almost impossible to see. The only two that clearly show the objects are not sufficient for evaluation, either the entire report did not reach you, or the question asked in AFR 200-2 (suspecting airplanes or astronomical) was not sufficient for evaluation.

HARRY K. VANDERHOFF, CAPT. USAF 
Second Pilot