to nearly its original height , tipped up one side and becoming brighter, sped away to the SS at about a 35 degree angle. Total time of sighting estimated a 45 seconds. Departuer time estimated approx. 3 or 3 seconds.

Myrtle Bailey hung up the phone and went out on a small side porch to see what the kids may have been talking about. She thinks she watched the oobject for nearly 5 minutes. She and Eric Miller and company must have watched the ovject at the same time from different observation points after it returned from speeding off while the children watched. Mrs. Bailey described the object as almost round, big as a wash tub, almost as bright as the sun, soundless, self luminous, and fuzzey edged. She said it seemed to have a top like an iron that you iron clothes with or a submarine conning tower and on top of this had a periscope sticking up. She said it sometimes appeared like two snucers together and around the bottom had places that looked like hammered aluminum. (This occurred when the object dropped down to its lowest point and wobbled in the air probably.)

She thought the object stopped still but Eric Millers sighting indicates the true move­ment. The 8C or 85 degree angle she viewed it probably made lowering or rising more difficult to realize.

She said the underside lit up like the color of a kerosene lamp flame, and the thing begun to move picking up speed , leaving behind a sort of mist or light fog where it had been. Then rapidly becoming smaller and diminishing to a dot it disappeared in an estimated 5 seconds. Departing 35 at about a 45 degree angle.

The Rushville Police reconed her call at 8:OC ihe did not answer the call as they were busy on a murder case. Her nephew Capt. Dick Pea said its the first time she has ever called the police in her life.

No planes were up from the local airport, No fairs or carrivals with search lights were operating near the town. Two flying boxcars from the Army airfield at Columbus Ind. went over about a h lf hour later.

Don Worley
1051 Beach St.
Connersville, Ind.
Aug. 31, 1966