There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing written text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 4 66

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire, as a narrative explanation of your sighting. 

On the evening of February 12 at about 6:34 I walked out of my home to deliver a telegram to a neighbor. As I stepped outside on to the porch I looked up at the sky. There was an unusually bright warm glow in the east. This was very unusual about the time they had full moon. About two minutes later I started to go on into the garage, but something caught my eye to the southwest. There was a long luminous object traveling from west to east at a very high speed. It passed by in less than 10 seconds and it moved without a sound. I first viewed it at about 25° to the east-southeast. It was traveling at a tremendous pace going in an east to west direction from where I stood. It was just as steady as the sun slipped beyond the western horizon. The sky that night was crystal clear, and I was amazed as I watched this moving object. There was no sound made as it moved along the western horizon.

This object proceeded from east to west as it appeared to me. As it moved I noticed that it split into parts. I don't know if they were two different objects or if it just split up but they continued going east. They were luminous and did not appear to be burning. As I watched they became smaller and smaller until they disappeared into the mist. I'm sorry I cannot tell you any more details, but this is exactly what I saw that night. It was a very puzzling object, coming from the east and disappearing into the west. Coming from the east it was in sight for a very short time, probably less than a minute. When it broke up I decided to write it down and report it in case anyone else had seen the same thing. I have not had time to reply sooner. I hope the papers you sent me will give you a idea of the object I saw. One thing I would like to know is this: Are all satellites aimed toward the earth, and can they come out of the east and go to the west, southwest or can they come out of the east and go to the west, southwest or can the come out of the east and go to the west?

I hope this will give you a idea of the object I saw. One like to know is this: Are all satellites aimed toward the earth, and can they come out of the east and go to the west, southwest or can the come out of the east and go to the west?