The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a project blue book document describing a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

CAMERON SIGHTING

Persons making sighting: Ronald G. Cameron, 809 Bushville, Ind. Phone 932-2325, employed - produce Clark, Kroger Co.; Christine Hildreth, wife - Judy Cameron, age 20, house wife.  

Date of sighting: Oct. 5, 1966 at approx. 10:00 PM
Locality of observation: 3/4 mile on State Road 44 west of Rushville Ind.
Sky conditions: clear, no moon.
Total time object was estimated 6 minutes. Sound heard estimated 15 or 20 seconds by the witnesses. Also brother Rannie Cameron, sister Diana Cameron and sister in law.

Narrative: Judy heard what she described as a screeching sound. She looked out the window and seen a blinking red light going southeast at approx 70 degrees elevation. Sister in law next house next experienced TV interference when the sound was heard. The Cameron TV was on and they got up to investigate the sound. It sounded like grinding or moderate volume, and no other sound was heard. He looked out the rear window of the home and said a red light side by side. They were about the same size as ordinary light seen from a distance. It from unnatural to a steady red light. He said the light appeared to be hovering above a field in a 35 direction. Barely above the tree tops. The sound that was watched the light first appeared to be a little louder, lasted an estimated 6 minutes. Some police dogs in a pen next door put up a commotion, but they didn't know. Suddenly the lights started moving, it is what appeared to be a straight up direction. It instantaneously 7 seconds he lost sight of them. He came to the door and looked but could not see them again. His brother got their gun and went out across the field in the direction the lights were seen. He said they were looking for prowlers (having seen motherships with them lately) and "nothing seen".

Don Worley
Nov 8, 1966