There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

were already making a trek to the swamp area to look in an attempt to locate the "object". ___ and his son did not carry any lights, save a cigarette lighter (it seems strange since the night was dark, using the new moon). The deputies thereupon proceeded to the point marked A on figure all, where they parked their car. They then proceeded towards the glow along a path marked by a dotted line (a path which I almost exactly repeated on Wednesday, 23 March in the company of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley, to point B). From point B, Deputy Fitzpatrick observed a glow emanating from point marked C. Point C is also indicated on a map on the region. Points A, B, C & M are also indicated on figure 2. Deputy Fitzpatrick reported that the glow reported at C brightened and dimmed slowly. "as though stage lights were being brightened and dimmed". 
Deputy Fitzpatrick never observed anything other than a glow. He did not even observe the glow to rise to the tree top level ___ and his son indicated it had.
While Deputy McFadden busied himself in another direction in the swamp, Deputy Fitzpatrick proceeded towards the glow. The deputies were equipped with flashlights and the lights from the flashlights were visible to Mr. ___ and his son who had now returned to the farm and were observing the deputies search afrom afar. Deputy Fitzpatrick stated to me that as he and his flashlight approached the glow, whose source was apparently hidden by a slight rise in the terrain, the glow disappeared. Deputy Fitzpatrick did not see it again. Mr. ___ reported that as he observed the deputies approach the depression with their flashlights (the area of the glow) the glow disappeared there and immediately appeared at a more distant point of the swamp. Mr. ___ described the motion of the glow as a smooth horizontal motion which did not follow the