The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University, dated November 3, 1966. The page does not contain any photographs, only text.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

3 November 1966

PFD (DETR)
RESEARCH AND AERIAL PHENOMENA DIVISION
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO 45433

Attn: Major Hector Quintanilla
Dear Major Quintanilla:

In answer to your letter of 12 October 1966 requesting me to look into the sighting of Mr. A. in Columbus on 23 August 1966, I have the following to report:

I visited Mr. A. at his home in Columbus where he lives with Mrs. A. I did not make inquiries as to their relationship.

Both Mr. and Mrs. A. seemed like normal, sensible people whose story could be true. They claimed that while together on the evening of 23 August 1966, they saw a circular object with a silvery metallic color which was illuminated and seemed to hover briefly over their home. When they went out in the backyard to get a better look it seemed to maneuver about silently and then suddenly disappear straight up. Their telling of the story tallied very well with the original statements made in earlier reports.

Both Mr. and Mrs. A. were quite emphatic in their insistence that what they had seen was not an aircraft or any other known object. The description of the ancillary object was a silver metallic color. The original object when first observed seemed to have an inner luminous area and then to be surrounded by a peripheral halo of light. When the object departed it did so swiftly and they were left with the binoculars for a few seconds until they just seemed to vanish. When he studied the binoculars later he found them to be covered with a fine sticky residue.

This case must remain unidentified unless we take the trouble to ask the Columbus newspapers to publish a short note asking other people in Columbus whether they had seen the same sighting on 23 August 1966. I am sure these witnesses would cooperate and it personally think it worth a try. A letter to the local press by me would not, I think, carry enough weight.