There is no photograph present in the image. However, the image contains a typed document that appears to be an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) report from Project Blue Book.

The text from the document is as follows:

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT
15302, 17 AUG 66 (Civilian)

A. Round, then appeared to be like on a square shape, then back to round as it got closer. It grew steadily larger as it came directly toward the observer.
B. At first it appeared to be a small speck in the distance, then a green and blue light became visible. As it came directly toward the observer, a very bright and blinding green and blue with an occasional red flare in the center.
P. None. 
Motions: It had hazy edges and appeared to be in continuous motion. At one time, it appeared to have a hazy, green funnel so down the center. It hovered, then moved away at a very high rate of speed.
i. None other than that reported.

II. Description of Course
A. Came directly toward car from head on.
B. Did not disappear - we passed object. Car of windshield of car.
C. Same distance from ground all the time. It did not appear lower or higher.
P. A straight course. Object just got bigger as it got closer. 
Estimates - 2-1/2 miles.

III. Manner of Observation
A. Visual through car windshield.
B. None.

IV. Time and Date of Sighting
A. 0330, 17 AUG 66.

V. Location of Observers
A. 52307, 46515, Hill Crest South on Lakewood Road just off Hwy 61 in East Duluth, Minnesota.

VI. Data on Observers
Works at local wood plant. Miss Road, Duluth, age 25, home address: 26 Grandvalley, Duluth. Mrs. Road, Duluth, age 45, home address: 26 Grandvalley, Duluth.

Remarks
...and party drove back some 20 minutes later after reporting the incident to the proper authorities. The object was observed by two people on both sides of the road. It hovered, then began moving at a tremendous rate of speed and was out of sight in just a few seconds. There was no sign of it accompanying the observers, nor could the object be seen after it left the area. It was something out of the ordinary.

(send 104)