The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document containing text from a Project Blue Book report.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

On Thursday, March 24th I traveled to Hillsdale with Airman 2nd Class Hanby and his driver to investigate the Hillsdale case. We called first at the rear of the car. This high angular rate, if correct, would indicate that the light must have been very near. 

Before proceeding with a discussion of these observations it would be best to examine the basic reports from the Hillsdale area because of the great similarity between them and those in Dexter.

It is most unfortunate that none of the witnesses in the Dexter area were technically trained. It was difficult for me to speak to them in terms of angles, and angular rates - their powers of description were inadequate to the occasion; they would have made poor reports or investigators. This is not to disparage the witnesses, and certainly not to impugn their honesty or sincerity - they simply lacked the ability to describe accurately and technically.

Let us now examine the Hillsdale case: the witnesses were of the same order as those at Dexter with the exception of Mr. __, who has had technical training, and is generally articulate. But even for him the words of accurate description failed him. Further, to one of his training, he should have availed himself of other technically trained people in the area rather than rely solely on the girls at Hillsdale college. The college has some science teachers who certainly should have been alerted and their opinions and observations solicited. Also, while we could hardly expect the people at Hillsdale, with a good vantage point, and three hours available to them, should have placed a camera in action and obtained a time exposure of the lights. So now let us look at the Hillsdale case:

CASE 3 - Hillsdale, Michigan
On Thursday, March 24th I traveled to Hillsdale with Airman 2nd Class Hanby and his driver to investigate the Hillsdale case. We called first at the rear of the car.