The image appears to contain a Polaroid-type photograph, but the contents of the photograph are not described in detail. The text in the image indicates that the photograph was submitted as evidence of an unidentified aerial vehicle (UAV) sighting that occurred on May 23, 1966 in Wappingers Falls, New York. The text analyzes the information provided and states that the configuration of the object is consistent with an aircraft observation, but it could not be identified. The text also notes that the object appeared to be in motion and that there is no evidence of "scanning" the object, suggesting it is not a terrestrial vehicle.

TDSST/UFO
UFO Observation, 28 May 1966, Wappingers Falls, New York

1. Reference the unidentified sighting of ___________ which occurred on 23 May 1966. The attached photograph is forwarded to your office for analysis.

2. Analysis of the information which was submitted did not reveal a positive identification. The description, size and lighting configuration is consistent with that of an aircraft observation. There are several air-craft in the immediate area, and it is probable that an aircraft could have been observed.

3. The following additional evidence did not provide evidence of the existence of an extra-terrestrial vehicle:
a. Examination of the submitted Polaroid-type print indicates that the image range was very short, as evidenced by the extremely sharp focus. This is consistent with a close-range photographic subject, and it would appear that the object is situated just beyond the range of the camera (approximately 15 to 20 feet) when taking picture) which shows its lower right corner of the photo. It would appear that the camera was situated just beyond that range, and immediately in front of the object as a result of the excellent focus.
b. The identity of the "UFO" is not known, but it should be noted that the photograph does show an object that is in motion and there is no suggestion of "scanning" the foreground object. The identity of the "UFO" is not known, but it should be noted that the photograph does show an object that is in motion and there is no suggestion of "scanning" the foreground object.
c. It is likely to be observed that the identity is likely to be between that of a known aircraft or a "bona fide" unidentified. The photographic data, however, does not provide a basis for a conclusive identification, and it is extraterrestrial.

FOR THE COMMANDER
CIUS DeGOAS, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Photograph