There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old document, specifically a "COURT OF COMMON PLEAS COUNTY OF PORTAGE RAVENNA, OHIO" document dated May 2, 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

COURT OF COMMON PLEAS COUNTY OF PORTAGE RAVENNA, OHIO
ALBERT L. CARIS, Judge
JOSEPH E . YIM, Bailiff
ELIZABETH J . CENTZ, Reporter
CLYDE R. PLATT, Law and Arguments Commissioner

May 2, 1966

Congressman William Stanton
11th Congressional District
House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515

Dear Bill,

I recently served in Washington as the Congressman from this District. I was often amazed at the number and variety of letters, phone calls, telegrams, or action or inaction of various federal officials or employees.

However, as a result of recent events here in Portage County, I believe I now better understand why citizens write their Congressman.

I am writing to complain about the attitude and actions of representatives of the Department of the Air Force, who refuse to provide me with reports of U.F.O. sightings in Portage County on April 17th. Deputies Spaur and Neff, and the Chief of Police of Mantua, Osebold, reported that they chased this object some 85 miles through the two counties. Yet they were told to "shut up" about the matter until their purpose was fulfilled'.

Deputies Spaur and Neff said that they had a good look at the object, which was within 1,000 feet of them. Chief Bubher looked at the object from a greater distance.

Several police officers along the 85 mile route taken by the deputies confirmed their report.

It is my understanding that units of the United States Air Force stationed at the United States Air Force Base in this area have the responsibility to investigate reports of Unidentified Flying Objects in this area.

It is my further understanding that their investigation of this sighting consisted of telephone conversations with several eye witnesses and an examination of the photographs taken by Chief Bubher.

I would appreciate your assistance in obtaining from the proper federal authorities the reports they have concerning this sighting for transmittal to me. Please let me know if you will be able to be of help in this matter.

Sincerely yours,
CLYDE R. PLATT
Law and Arguments Commissioner