The image contains a newspaper article with the headline "Sparkler in the sky called meteor". There is no photograph present in this image.

Sparkler in the sky called meteor

"It was just gorgeous," said Miss Esther L. Schilling, a Canandaigua, N.Y., witness. "It looked like a huge sparkler across the sky."

This was just one of scores of calls that flooded The Herald-Journal switchboard Sunday at 6:15 and 6:30 last night. The bright, burning object was spotted in the sky over much of central New York and northeastern Pennsylvania.

Observatory officials who witnessed the dazzling celestial phenomenon which luminously streaked across the evening sky, termed it a bolide, or fire-ball meteor.

The officials said it was probably a large piece of burning meteoric material that broke off from a larger mass and traveled swiftly to earth.

Reports were received from as far apart as the Carolinas to Canada and as far away as Niagara Falls on the north and near Pittsburgh on the west. Most of the sightings were in a northwesterly path with a peak around 6:20 p.m.

Aviation observers were deluged with inquiries from persons seeking to determine if the object was a secret Air Force rocket or some such man-made device shooting through the heavens.

Air Force spokesmen assigned to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base denied any knowledge of such a flight and termed speculation on such as being unreasonable. Lt. Col. William M. Johnson, chief of the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory's nationwide satellite tracking network, said the flash apparently was not a satellite or other man-made object traveling in space.

One woman, described as an amateur astronomer, said the flash was as bright as a welder's torch and lasted about five seconds. Raymond W. Groff said he witnessed the object while traveling from south to north and described it as "a big ball of fire with a very long tail."

Frank Weekley, both of Lyons, N.Y., and a Mr. Kline watching from Geneva, N.Y., also reported seeing the spectacular "fiery object" streak across the sky.