The image appears to contain a photograph, which is described in the text as showing "ONE object suspended in the sky, which was captured on film according to HYNER, a local official." The text also mentions "NUMEROUS UFO sightings have been reported in Michigan, especially in the southern part of the state."

The text in the document is as follows:

UFO SIGHTINGS INSIST SAUCER
From Daily News Wire Service: 
DETROIT, MICH. 26 - An expert's opinion that some of Michigan's unidentified flying objects (UFOs) probably were manned space vehicles continued the Air Force line that the Air Force itself cannot identify all the sightings.
I'm an professor, and I'm not as alarmed as him, but Allen Hynek said that Dr. J. Allen Hynek, consultant to the Air Force on UFOs, had confirmed some sightings.
House Republican Leader Gerald R. Ford (Mich.) also is urging that a committee of Congress investigate UFOs over southern Michigan and other parts of the nation.
FORD IS APPARENTLY dissatisfied as the Air Force official position that they have either "explained the reports" or "have come up with nothing conclusive."
"The American people are becoming alarmed by the UFO stories," said Ford. "There have been sightings and incidents..."
DR. H. ALLEN HYNEK, UFO PHOTO ANALYZER at Venres Astronomical Society says the photograph shows one object which is about 50 miles southwest of Detroit. It was apparently seen through a small telescope at the Observatory.
NUMEROUS UFO sightings have been reported in Michigan, especially in the southern part of the state. Hynek said that he has interviewed groups that have witnessed unusual aerial phenomena in this area.
HE SAID his study was confined to sightings made near the northern part of the state and the southern part.
Twenty-two of these sightings were by college professors and five by local city officials and the county civil defense director.
THERE WERE no flares involved, said Hynek, and Van Hollen, director, he said, the sightings probably were not caused by flares exploding for nearly three hours, as some contend.
"I think it will disappear (Hynek) in a few weeks," said John Van Hollen, director, "because this is the first case for the millions of observers of these sightings i know no flares were involved."
Frank Farnham and his son, Ronnie, 13, are sure what they saw. Although he could not make out the form of the object, Farnham is "95% certain" that he seen an actual flying saucer.