The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports from the United States Air Force.

Text extracted from the document:

for the sake of clarity, I am putting the last question on your questionnaire on 6 Sept 1966. written answer is "what I know to the best of my knowledge".

The date of this is written 6 Sept 1966. This is an estimation which I believe comes rather close to the actual date of the sighting of the phenomenon. I have been waiting for some government agency to get in touch with me and certainly find out the exact date. It seems like it was on the afternoon of that date at about 5:45 P.M. in my hometown. 

I am from Tonpkinsville, Ky. in the summer of 1966. A thing that looked to me like a parachute dropped down slowly on to the highline across the road from where I was. It seemed to have lights on the edge. I finished the job, drove the tractor and sprayer into Tompkinsville, and bummed a ride home to call the State Police and the local Air Force Base and report it.They said they had no report of a parachutist in the area at that time. I was 37 years old at the time and because of the hour (between 6:30-10:00 p.m.) I had my wife as a witness. After some time checking, I looked through the kitchen window and saw the car was facing south, I got in and started the engine. the car was facing south but I got it turned around to face north. I let the engine idle for a while and then turned it off. I don't know what possessed me to do that. I thought that whatever it was, it might come back. The car was facing north. I got out of the car and pushed the button that lowers the windows. I think that whatever it was, it might come back. Although it was dark, I thought that whatever it was, it might be able to see me through the windshield if the windows were up. I took my position under my car near the rear tire. I got out to get a better look and see if I could see whatever it was again. I couldn't really say for sure because everything went out of my sight - I could see two horizontal lines running parallel above the trees. I could not determine the exact focus of the points of light. It seems to me they were in a horizontal line. In order to get an approximate position relative to the ground etc., in order to get an approximate position I stood up and turned my head from left to right but whatever it was had disappeared. I can't really say for sure because everything went out of my sight. After waiting a little while I got back into the car and finally went home. This was the last that I saw of it.

Whatever it was, it was quite close to me and I have very good eyes. it was a quite strange and to me, unexplainable. The description in reporting this now does not do justice to the sensation that I had at the time though my memory of the details is not too clear. I wish that I could be more emphatic, but those are the facts as I recall them. This is one more sighting on that particular night in August.