The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting: None

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
(1) Captain Stephen Levine, USAF, Rated Pilot/Navigator
(a) Preliminary analysis of facts obtained from my investigation has led me to deduce that Mrs. observed the light on a railroad locomotive. A train whistle, terrain features, and pin-pointing the spot of her observation support this conclusion. The following are statements and evidence in support of my analysis:
(a) When interviewed, Mrs. stated that she saw me on telephone poles 100 yards south east of her trailer between which she observed this light. She also estimated that the light was four or five miles away on the north east end of Schnecmunk Mt.
Based on this information, I have drawn a plot on the attached map accompanying this report.
(b) Mrs. stated that the light never appeared to become completely airborne; the only time she feels it may have left the ground was when she saw it flickering through the tops of trees. She also thought that there were possibly two beams of light emitting from the same source, one straight beam resembling a headlight, the other a bobbing beam of light. Her description matches perfectly with the headlamp of a locomotive.

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: None

(c) One mile east of Salisbury Mills (a) visible on the plot and trails from the observatory, is a very high railroad trestle almost one mile long. This is part of the Erie Railroad tracks. Rail traffic usually passes on the trestle in the vicinity of midnight. The NYState Police at Monroe stated that they have had numerous reports at different times of the same phenomena observed by Mrs. in all cases, this has turned out to be rail traffic on the Salisbury Mills trestle.