This page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form with various questions and options for the observer to select their responses.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Approximately 2000 miles per hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approximately 1 to 2 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over open country? f. Over water? g. Flying over mountains? h. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTO, CYCLE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? about 70 miles per hour
24.3 Did you take any notice of any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Telescope Yes No c. Binoculars Yes No d. Windshield Yes No e. Window-glass Yes No f. Telescope g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a comment exhibit or object which when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A circular object resembling a saucer in appearance, about 60-70 feet in diameter. The object hovered or moved horizontally at a fairly high rate of speed. It appeared to be metallic in color and emitted no vapor trails or exhaust. It maneuvered rapidly with no apparent means of propulsion. There was no sound associated with the object.