The image appears to contain a photograph of a document page from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969. The page contains a detailed report describing an encounter with an unidentified aerial object on March 25, 1966 in southern Michigan.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Departed Young Field 1135 for Ann Arbor Airport (State Street) Contacted a Mr. Arnold Field Unit (they have a total of 6 aircraft, but he heard of no one unusual. Mr. Arnold said they had an electrical advertising sign but haven't used it for last two months). Then contacted Kenneth Bob McConnell at the Municipal Airport Building. Result there was also negative. He does know the reporter and much activity at airport. He has a helicopter. Departed 1215 for show Post Hotel to meet Dr. Hynek who arrived at the hotel at 1300. He did not show up so we left for Chelsea at 1400 arrived at Chelsea at 1450. Talked with two Chelsea policemen who were reported sighting a UFO Sunday night. Their names are Clyde Meyers and Charles Sharpe. They did not know how they got into this they were an A & C and still think it was an A & C. They saw a bright light, one and 3 little ones, one would disappear and come back the back. Time - 1130 - 1145 pm.

direction of flight
slow

They described the object and its flight and it was agreed that this was an aircraft. (possibility a jet w/afterburner?) Dr. Hynek arrived at 1615 and he also agreed that there was nothing to indicate that it wasn't an a/c.

It was generally agreed that the glowing object seen in the swamp by the farmer and his son the Ann Arbor policemen was marsh gas.

Later that evening we received a telephone call from the airmen assisting Dr. Hynek. They said a UFO was sighted near Ann Arbor and they would pick us up to go out there. Evidently they got their wires crossed as they left without us and we didn't know where the sighting was. Mr. Fitzpatrick was back and he returned the photos that he had taken on 17 March 1966. He was a time exposure of the crescent moon and Venus. It was taken early in the morning. When the crescent moon was low on the eastern horizon and rising and Venus was a little to the left and slightly higher than the moon.

25 March 1966

Left Ann Arbor area 1300 for W-P AFB and arrived at W-P AFB at 1600.