There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TRANSCRIPTION:

Page 9 
Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It hovered momentarily then shot off with incredible speed and disappeared instantly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
- it moved behind a cloud and disappeared.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of. 
- it moved in front of a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
 a. Shape it was round, or oval.
 b. Color - lights of varying color.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
- approximately 1/4 inch.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[There is a hand-drawn illustration showing an oval-shaped object with varying colored lights.]

20. Do you think you could identify the object if you saw it again? (Circle One) Yes No

21. Do you think you could identify the object if you saw it again? (Circle One) Yes No

22. Where were you at the time? (Circle One) a. At home b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane e. At work

23. Did you observe the object through: (Circle all that apply) a. Eyeglasses b. Binoculars c. Windshield d. Windows glass

24. In order that your case may be properly evaluated, please indicate:
24.1. What were you doing just before you saw the object? 
24.2. How long did you watch the object? About 10 seconds.
24.3. Did you stop to watch the object, or were you moving at the time? (Circle One) Stopped Moving 

25. Describe here any additional information that you think is pertinent.
The object hovered momentarily, then shot off with incredible speed and disappeared instantly. It was round or oval in shape and the lights on the object varied in color. It did not make a sound.