The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

AFR 200-2
Example: 39 45N, 102 21W for 39 45N, 102 21W
1. Identifying Information on Individual (Project Blue Book Case Number)*
a. Full Name—case number, billing address, occupation, and official title.
b. Military—Name, grade, organization.
2. Weather and Winds—Aloft Conditions at Time of Sighting.
3. Travel Distance of Sighting.
(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.
(2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000'.
(3) Ceiling.
(4) Visibility.
(5) Amount of cloud cover.
(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.
(7) Vertical temperature gradient.
h. Any unusual activity, or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.
l. Interception or identification action taken (such action as authorized whenever feasible, and teletypes, photographs or other means of verification which may be obtained).
k. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon (aircrafts in the area which might possibly account for the sighting).
l. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis and a comment on the possible cause or identity of the object. The preparing officer will make every effort to obtain pertinent information and to test all available hypotheses concerning the identity or explanation of the sighting. (See paragraphs 12 and 13. The preparing officer who receives the report (see paragraph 15-b) will conduct a "on-the-spot" survey or followup interview with the observer or a member of the investigative personnel and analyze the information necessary for final conclusions.)
17. Classify reports unless data requested in paragraph 14 require classification. Reports primarily to protect -
a. Names of sources reporting UFO's and other principals involved, if so requested by these persons or considered necessary.
b. Intelligence, investigative, intercept, or analytical methods or procedures;
c. Location of radar and other classified sites, units, and equipment;
d. Information on certain types, characteristics, and capabilities of classified aircraft devices that may be involved in the report.