There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document, possibly a newsletter or report from the Clearview Manchester Astronomical Society.

THE CLEARVIEW MANCHESTER ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY
December, January, February
1962 - 1963 
NEWS LETTER
The Manned Lunar Mission, By Robert R. Gilruth* and Maxime A. Faget** Introduction
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration has been in existence not quite four years... Since its beginning NASA has put a strong program in the development of manned space vehicles... Furthermore, the Manned Space Flight Program has been expanded very rapidly, becoming the dominant program within NASA, which is likewise growing at a rapid pace... The next major outstanding goal of our present Manned Space Flight Program is the exploration of the Moon.
* Director, NASA Manned Spacecraft Center
** Assistant Director, Research and Development, NASA Manned Spacecraft Center
The three major schemes for the lunar mission were the direct approach involving no rendezvous, rendezvous of two parts of the mission payload in earth orbit, and the use of a separate lunar landing spacecraft which will rendezvous with the return spacecraft.
The mission is originated from a parking orbit about the earth... The scheme that has been chosen for the Apollo mission was announced on July 11, 1962 as the lunar orbit rendezvous method. This scheme was first studied in detail by Dr. John C. Houbolt of NASA Langley Research Center a year and a half ago... The Manned Spacecraft Center started a serious study of this scheme almost a year ago...
The important characteristics of the lunar rendezvous approach are as follows: (1) A separate spacecraft is used for landing on the moon... (2) The total amount of propellant required is less than the amount required for the direct flight... (3) A smaller launch vehicle is required as a consequence of the weight reduction.
The Clearview Manchester Astronomical Society wishes every one a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year, even though it may be by the time this sheet comes out. We have become international in members last month - U.F.O. study is one of our projects but we are wondering when the next one will come in. We did not have a believable story for six months, and when we do get one some joker was pulling our legs but this time the truth...