This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

OCR output:

a... When asked what caught her attention, Mrs. said: "I looked out at the clouds, which were a dark blue, to see what we were going to do, and the thing came in." The first thing she saw was a flash, and it gleamed - it was moving along beside me, on the right. At a distance of about 70 yards." She estimated that she was traveling at a speed of about 65 miles per hour. She added that the object slowed down, and the change in speed was instantaneously. Mrs. said that the object was parallel with her car, at a distance of about 4 miles, or quite awhile. She said that she had observed airplanes, helicopters, and what balloonlike objects in the past, but that she had never seen anything like this, and, she explained, that it was difficult for her to get a good look at it.

2. When asked to describe the object, Mrs. stated, "It was completely round, but probably bluimp-shaped or oval." There was something in the back, sort of a halo, circulating and something on the bottom. She did not know if it was an aerial, or serials, or what, but that there was something going on top. She stated that it glittered, that it was either silver or perhaps just metal. She did not remember anything about the bottom of the object. She did state that its size was about that of a Volkswagon. It was not like anything I have ever seen before. I do not believe it to be anything foreign - I know there must be an explanation for it."

3. When queried whether or not object had windows or doors, Mrs. stated that she did not see any.

4. Asked how the object disappeared, Mrs. said that she did not see it disappear. She stated that it slowed down to about 40 MPH when it was about 1/4 mile distant, and it continued on the right." The object then crossed the highway "right beside her, pretty close to her than it had been in the field. She continued, "It was about as high off the ground as one ordinary house. It moved to the field on the opposite side of the highway." When the object did that, it seemed to heighten and continued at about 35 MPH. The object then disappeared from a distance in my rearview mirror on the side of my car, but I did not see it disappear."