There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting a UFO sighting.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
North 7-9434
REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)
This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to provide the fullest possible record. The report will be published by NICAP in its regular issues of the NICAP UFO INVESTIGATOR bulletin and will be published by NICAP in its regular issued magazines or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use the back of the sheet. Your statement is at great value and is sincerely appreciated. Thank you.
1. Name: [REDACTED]
Address: Stevens Point, Wisc.
Occupation: State University Instructor
Education: B.S. Degree, M.S. Degree, Certified Physics 1945-1946 (Hawaii), Physics 1950-1955 (Korea)
2. Date of Observation: August 9, 1966
3. Locality of Observation: Big Pink, Montana
4. How long did you see the object? Hours 15 Minutes Seconds
5. Please describe weather conditions and the time of day. It was daylight, clear, with scattered thin high clouds and breeze.
6. Did the object(s) have any effect on animals, people, machinery, or the environment? No
7. If seen at night, what were the positions of the stars or moon visible? No, it was seen in daylight.
8. Did the object(s) seem to arrive from any particular direction of travel, or depart in any particular direction, if so, what direction? The object appeared to be hovering, and then suddenly darted off in a northeasterly direction.
9. Did the object(s) have wings, rotors, jets, or other appendage? No
10. First describe the object(s) in detail, including color, size, shape, and number. The object was a vivid blue in color, estimated to be about 25-30 feet in diameter, and circular in shape.
11. Was the object(s) higher, lower, or at the same level as surrounding aircraft? It was much higher than any surrounding aircraft.
12. Did the object(s) perform any type of maneuver? (Please elaborate, if you can give details.) The object exhibited a steady hovering motion, and then suddenly darted off at a high rate of speed in a northeasterly direction.
13. Did the object(s) change color or shape? No
14. Did the object(s) pass behind or in front of anything? No
15. Were there any sounds coming from the object(s)? No sound was heard.
16. How long did the object(s) remain in view? About 15 minutes
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) - The object can only be described as like a very bright star.