The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

1. Name: [REDACTED] (Others --)  Place of Employment: Andover, Mass. - Switchboard Operator

2. Date of Observation: 28 October 1966
3. Locality of Observation: Lawrence, Massachusetts
4. How long did you see the object? About 30 minutes
5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky: Cloudy, but stars visible
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: Moon was to right of object
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? Yes
8. Were there more than one object? If so, please tell how many and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating the direction of flight, etc. Row of 6-8 lights aligned at 45 degrees, if it was not moving, it was always in same position
9. Please describe the object(s) (including size if possible, did it (they) revolve, shape, color etc.) Row of 6-8 lights aligned at 45 degrees, if it was not moving, it was always in same position
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? Yes
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. Like a theater marquee
12. Did the object(s): 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? No - not while under observation
c. Change shape? No, star-like color
d. Give off smoke? No
e. Leave a trail? No, star-like color
f. Break up or explode? No, star-like color
g. Change brightness? No, star-like color

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible.

14. Was there any sound? None
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, binoculars, telescope, etc.?
Windshield

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? None
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) seen with the naked eye: Yes