The image contains a newspaper article with the title "Flying Saucer Analyst Quits After 9,000 Cases". The article discusses how a UFO analyst named Dr. J. Allen Hynek, who has investigated over 9,000 UFO cases, has decided to quit his work after becoming disillusioned with the lack of progress in the field.

The text of the article is as follows:

THE SUN, Springfield, O. Friday, April 1, 1966

FLYING SAUCER ANALYST QUITS AFTER 9,000 CASES

"I'M DISILLUSIONED," SAYS DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK, CONSULTANT TO THE AIR FORCE ON UFO'S.

For more than 18 years, Dr. J. Allen Hynek, a professor of astronomy at Northwestern University, has been the Air Force's consultant on unidentified flying objects. During that time he has investigated more than 9,000 such cases.

Now, at the age of 57, he has decided to quit.

"I'm disillusioned," says Dr. Hynek. "I no longer believe that further study along present lines will . . . produce results."

There have been no major scientific breakthroughs in the UFO field during the 18 years that Dr. Hynek has been associated with it, he says.

"The attitude of the public, the baflcground and experience in UFO investigations, the attitude of the press and some government officials, and the antagonism of many scientists to the whole subject have tended to make any objective scientific study most difficult, if not impossible," says Dr. Hynek.

He feels that the project should be turned over to a civilian group divorced from the military with a "clean slate" and a fresh approach.

Several persons have come up with what they claim to be new explanations for what are reported as UFO's - misidentifications, hoaxes, hallucinations, satellites, missiles, etc. But Dr. Hynek says none of these satisfactorily explains all of the more than 9,000 cases he has investigated.

He is convinced that there is something to the UFO phenomenon that is not being satisfactorily accounted for.

"But I'm through," he says. "I can't go on fighting a brick wall and always being looked upon as a nut or a charlatan."