The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten text.

I, then ran to my mother's house. the car door was open the object was not the house by this time and behind some trees. the object was much larger than fauceed - massive - it hovered above some treetops and wasted no time. it moved away rapidly and was gone.

Around the edge of the object there seemed to be a sort of riboflip it was distorted, the top like an open umbrella. i t looked somewhat bluish in color and from my point of view generally shaped like a dish. a hole was also visible in the center of the object like an opening or hatched. i t seemed to be rotating through the glass.

i found then it is impossible two penetrate the glances. this should explain the strained vision and blurred sight - i am not sure what happened - perhaps it was too far away.

i have, on occasion, been able with these glasses to see an apparance these minutes before it was visible to my naked eye. perhaps this time it had lost visibility, or I had lost it.

the past thirty-six hours have been spent trying to think of an explanation. A strange body i t was the right color and they would go in a straight line was my first consideration but we call that the other officers and that this crittoney'too cold for bees , it move too cold for bird of bees activity such an attitude would even be many of its movements which made me think - think. I cannot believe that it was a swarm of bees.

finally, but perhaps more significantly than anything else was this observation: the birds of which there are many round about my house seemed their twittering and alighting. every few minutes a few would fly almost in the same path, and then return.

as for speed and size i shall let this remain as anybody's guess. i cannot describe what i did wait. so there is little too of trying to give diameonsons here . as for the speed, it was mentioned before, as for the size could not be determined from where i was standing. i had no basis for comparison and i wit nessed a fantastic spur t of speed.

Finally, but perhaps more signifigantly than anything else was this observation: the birds of which there are many round about my house, seemed this twittering and alighting. every few minutes a few would fly almost in the same path, and then return. Every -