The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. It contains a newspaper article or report titled "Another UFO Mystery Ends in Ohio" which describes an incident where two deputy sheriffs in Washington Court House, Ohio witnessed an unidentified flying object. The article provides details about the incident and includes information about the size, movement, and disappearance of the object.

However, there is no photograph or image visible in this particular page of the document.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

Another UFO Mystery Ends in Ohio
WASHINGTON COURT HOUSE, Ohio (AP) - Two deputy sheriffs of this central Ohio community say they saw a flying object here Tuesday night that puzzled them.
Sheriff's son Thompson's ray deputy, here's and sheriff Dwight Radcliff discussed the sighting in the office the next day.
"At 10:45 p.m. Tuesday," Thompson said, "my deputy and I were driving along East temple Street, about a mile east of the city, when I noticed an object in the sky a little east of our location."
Thompson described the object as "round and a little lighted" and said it moved "like a pickerway." It was at about 800 feet, he estimated, and about 800 yards away.
"It hovered there for about 30 seconds and then took off in a northeast direction at a terrific rate of speed," Thompson said. "My deputy and I both saw it, and when we got back to the office, Dwight Radcliff was just coming in from his rounds. We told him about it, and he said he'd been hearing reports from others of similar sightings in this area recently."
A military spokesman at Lockbourne Air Force Base near Columbus, about 50 miles north, said the base had no aircraft in the Washington Court House area about that time.
The sightings here came a little more than a month after a 4,500-pound "payload" which several persons had reported seeing plunge from the sky over, Franks Grove, Ohio, about 10 miles from here, turned out to be a collapsed weather balloon.