There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a typed document containing text describing an observation event.

Text transcribed from the document:

EAST CONNELLSVILLE SIGHTING

Observers to the event: Name kept confidential. Henceforth known as observer "A", age 13, Education-Freshman Senior High. Member Boy Scout Troop. Newspaper carrier. Interested in science.
Name kept confidential. Henceforth known as observer "B", age 13, Education-8th. Grade Junior High. Member Boy Scout Troop. Newspaper carrier. In Radio Control Hobby Club. Interested in science.

Time of Observation: Oct 5, 1966 at approximately 5:30 pm EDST AM.

Locality of Observation: East Connellsville, Ind. Seen by witnesses who stood at the end of John St. and viewed object in the air above them. No attached drawing or map.

Weather Conditions and Visibility: Near total darkness, cool and cloudy, no wind, no mist or fog, no rain four previous days.

Total Time Seen: From 2 and 1/2 to nearly five minutes.

Narrative:
On Tuesday the day before, one of our young witnesses, C.B., was delivering his papers on John st. at approximately 5:15 pm. when he noticed a group of lights in the field west of the street. He glanced at them and since they seemed to move, he was interested.
On Wednesday morning the boys were delivering their papers and usually keeping within a block or two of home, when caught up in their pqpers a bright light appeared in the eastern sky. Invited by a friend to come down to the end of John st. and see the new lights, thinking perhaps they might be his little. As they approached the site of activity, they observed that the lights had formed a semicircle and remained since the night before. 
And were a little more to the north. The boys sat on their bikes and stared transfixed and were a little afraid at a dark object with lights some 200 yards or so in the distance. One said to me that shouldnt be. (See attached sheet for the boys' drawings of what they could see.)
Obs. A heard a plain high pitched whine coming from the direction of the object. It has been suggested that this was a sound blower on it and forgot this business they were not using it at this time. Both of the boys said it sounded like a mixture of sulphur and tumus said. Our young witnesses are both interested in science and when questioned as to where the sound was coming from, stated it seemed to come from the object itself. The sound of something sounding slowly through the woods and bushes in the field. Obs. A said it seemed to reverberate and sounded like a person walking.