This page of the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. The text describes an incident on March 21, 1966 involving a reported UFO sighting in Ann Arbor, Michigan. It mentions that several witnesses saw metallic craft land in a marsh, and describes the subsequent investigation and inquiries made by Major Davis and Dr. Hynek. The text also mentions the police investigation and witness accounts of the sighting.

Memos for the Record: Ann Arbor, Michigan, night of 20 Mar 66
Received a phone call from Dr J Allen Hynek on the morning of 21 March 1966. He had heard on a NBC broadcast on radio this morning, 21 March 1966 of a UFO landing in Ann Arbor, Michigan, several witnesses, metallic craft landed in marsh. More than one observer.
Dr Hynek wanted us to be on the look out for a report from there.
Immediately following Dr Hynek's call, Major Quintanilla called
Mrs Hunt and informed her that we had not received any official
reports concerning a landing at Ann Arbor, Michigan.
At 1312^0 on 21 March 1966 Major Quintanilla spoke with Major
Davis, SAFOI, ext 55009 or 70902 regarding Ann Arbor, Michigan
sighting. Informed him we did not have an official report on it.
Dr Hynek had heard it on the radio and notified us. Major Davis
had inquiries from - - - regarding UFOs and has three
questions. What do we know of a UFO in Ann Arbor. What
sighting does this become and when did we start keeping records.
As of 1 March 1966 we had 10,147 cases. We started to keep records
in 19^7. Major Davis read the UFI 53 - At least 40 persons say a
UFO land in Ann Arbor, Michigan, police said today. Twelve observers
were policeman, they saw erie blinking lights, apparently on the
flying objects. Object arose above the tree tops then dip again.
7 Other policemen saw a formation of 4-5 objects. One flew over
their car. A farmer and his son came within 400-500 yards from
object. Some saw it on the ground others saw it in the air. Police
slogged through the swam then went down and landed. Farmer drew
a sketch, picture shape of football, waffle metal, blinking lights
and antenna.( We have not had any official reports)