The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project blue book report, specifically the "East Hampton Star" dated March 8, 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

"East Hampton Town's reputation as the unidentified flying object capital of the Northeast has been reaffirmed. Last Thursday evening, just about dusk, two residents of the hamlet's south-side Path area again observed strange objects in the sky.
The two observers, a veteran and unidentifiable member of the Town Police Department, watched the lights, on their second sighting did not this time coincide with a view of the object, in contrast to their earlier experience.
The latest episode began at 8:04 P.M. April 7, when Mrs. Dallas Sprice, of 1774 Abraham's Path, near Three Mile Harbor, reported seeing an unidentified flying object. Mrs. Sprice had reportedly observed similar lights near the telephone poles there before, March 30.
Patrolman Paul Greenwood and Sergeant Russell Sanders were dispatched to the area and were told by the Spicers that they had observed a light rising in the west, fairly rapidly, and that it had halted high in the sky to the northeast. Patrolman Greenwood said later that he then observed it himself, "like the brightest planet ever seen". He said it was noncommital.
The patrolmen braced themselves against the patrol car, observing the object glowing high in the sky. After a while, he said, it appeared to move in a figure-eight pattern, its apparent movement against nearby fixed stars.
Mr. and Mrs. David Webb of East Hampton Knolls, Patrolman Greenwood's neighbors, also came out with a pair of binoculars. He said they stated that they had seen the object from their home earlier.
When the lights of high-flying commercial jet planes would appear, Patrolman Greenwood said, the unidentified object would dim and become less noticeable, only to reappear when the jets had passed. Last Thursday, after the initial sighting, more unidentified flying objects had been reported the night before over Amagansett, following last week's report from the County Department of Health and investigators of the private National Phenomena, visited the scene."