There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document page. The page appears to be text-only and provides details about Project Blue Book, the Air Force's special project for investigating reports of unidentified flying objects.

LRS-10
was sent September 23, 1947 by Lt. Gen. Nathan Twining, Commander of the
Air Material Command, to the Office of Chief of Staff of the U. S. Air
Force, expressing the opinion that there was "sufficient substance to the
reports to warrant detailed study." On December 30, 1947 the Chief of
Staff, Gen. Carl Spaatz, directed Gen. Joseph T. McNarney, Chief of the
Air Material Command, to establish a special project for the purpose of
collecting, collating, evaluating, and distributing information concerning
UFO sightings. Thus, "Project Sign" came into being on February 11, 1948.

Air Force Establishes a Special Project

In February of 1949, the Project Sign report was published, stating
that on the basis of 243 of the "best documented" reports studied, "no
definite evidence was available to confirm or disprove the actual
existence of unidentified flying objects as new and unknown types of
aircraft."

On December 16, 1948, the project name was changed to "Grudge";
the conclusions reached after studying 244 reports (best documented)
was that the phenomena presented no threat to the security of the United
States and that the vast majority of sightings were misinterpretations of
conventional objects. The newly formed Department of the Air Force,
then, was designated as the Federal Government's instrument for "investigating reports on unidentified flying objects and of evaluating any
possible threat to our national security that such objects might pose."

In March, 1952, the Air Force project name became "Project Blue
Book", which remains its current official designation.

The objectives of Project Blue Book are two-fold: first,
to determine whether UFOs pose a threat to the security
of the United States; and second, to determine whether
any aspects of the UFO phenomenon are of scientific value.