The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO sighting on 25 August 1966 in North Dakota.

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS USAF (AFCIN-SEPR)
MINOR AIR FORCE BASE, NORTH DAKOTA 58701

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: GD300-3                            4 January 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting of 25 August 1966

TO: ATIC, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Darrborn Observatory
Northeastern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

1. I am forwarding this letter for Col Lemanski in that he is presently in the hospital for an eye operation. However, much to the collector's regret, he will be unable to conduct further exploratory operation.

2. With reference to the questions in your letter the following information is provided:

a. The sighting was taken to the scene of the original sighting (M-6) by the undersigned. He indicated the following: (0 degrees is true north, 90 degrees true east, 180 degrees true south, 270 degrees true west).

b. With reference to the questions. The first was a multi-colored object, which will be described in more detail later. He did not observe the second object. The first object (which generated his report via radio) was very high and looked most of the time as approximately 10 degrees.

c. The observer's drawing was done by himself. The first object, from his description, was estimated to be from 50 to 100 feet in size, and about 20 miles away. The direction was from south to north during the observation. The undersigned is not sure that he was pointing in the right direction as indicated by the night direction fences as a reference point. The back fence is on the north side of the sighting.

(2) He noticed the second object after the strike team arrived and pointed to it. This object is described as the "white light" and stated it was moving in a horizontal direction at approximately the same height as the first object, but appeared to be some distance, or approximate 1-1/2 miles away. Attachment #1 is a drawing made by A3C Turner of the first object. It represents the shape of the object as it appeared to the observer. The cloud and thus formed a silhouette. The last point made by A3C Turner was to verify that the object he saw horizontally was not the first object moving north, but the second object.