The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with text and an illustration.

He Ties 'Nots' 
In an Eerie Tale
A Saucer a month hovered overhead, and inteninittenlly send-
ing down a bluish light. He said he watched this strange aerial
craft for over 5 minutes one night as it moved about erratically in
the sky. Three cases have occurred where people said they watched
a saucer descend, pause, and then move off at a tremendous speed,
the report stated.
Dr. Charles H. Suisley said these stories indicate some sort of
new material or type of propulsion has been discovered that could
conceivably swamp they saw the swamp the, saw the material and drive to tremendous speeds. He said, more
swamp they saw the swamp the, saw the material and drive to tremendous speeds. He said, more
than 2,000 cases have been studied and reported in the U.S., from 
decomposed organic matter to metallic fragments, and what could 
only be described as almost a form of new matter.
But these incidents are of a more serious nature. He said the 
saucer was seen by more than one observer at a time, and was mott-
ing rapidly, and his eyes began to smart and then burn from the 
blue-white light. It produced vertigo, nausea, and severe shaking. 
There were also two great many of the flying saucers reported in 
this area during the past year, more than in other parts of the coun-
try, he said. "We believe it is more than just devils chasing 
each other through the sky. There are some very definite and 
amazing things happening that need looking into."
The new study will be discussed in an open meeting at the High
School. Flsk Hopkins PTA To Air School Issue
To allow High school students to 
state their views on the proposed merger of the Elma and Iroquois 
School Districts, a meeting will be 
held in the High School auditorium 
on April 7, the Elma-Iroquois PTA 
announced. The merger of the two
school districts and the closing of 
Elma High School will be discussed 
in an open meeting at the school
the PTA said.