There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically the Ohio Legislative Service Commission letter dated September 16, 1966.

OHIO LEGISLATIVE SERVICE COMMISSION
SENATE MEMBERS HOUSE MEMBERS
Anthony O. Calabrese Theodore M. Gray C.J. McLin
Charles A. Carney Walter L. Sheppard Jr. Ralph S. Cole, Jr.
September 16, 1966
Project Blue-Book
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio 45332
Dear Sir:
On September 13, 1966, my wife was cutting grass in our backyard. Our dog started barking wildly at something in the air. (The sky was overcast.) My wife went to investigate and she saw backing, up in the sky, an object which she described as like either a web-like structure or a parachute. She described it as like either a web of ropes or a parachute. The object passed from east to west over our house at about treetop height and disappeared. She was seeing some kind of optical illusion she turned away. But as she did so, the dog began barking again. She looked up and saw the object return and disappear, this time more rapidly. The dog continued barking. "Boy, that's the biggest thing I've ever seen," she said as she came in. As my wife looked at it, the thing disappeared.
Neither my wife nor I would swear that something of substance was there. We feel that they may be only a natural explanation of which we are unaware. On the possibility that information you have received with respect to UFO sightings that seemed to be similar to this one, I would appreciate receiving any comments you may care to make. I'm particularly interested in any comments with respect to the nature of similar alleged sightings, that too, would be interesting.
While I send your reply, I will consult my physician, my ophthalmologist, and my psychiatrist to see if they have any opinions on the matter. Actually, my wife's condition has bothered me considerably, and I would be most grateful to tell her if anyone else had had a similar experience.
Thanks you for your consideration.
Yours very truly,
Director