The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

18. Was the object - 

A. Self-luminous?
B. Reflecting sunlight or moonlight?
C. Dull-surfaced and seemed to emit its own light?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in sight? 
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:

A. Dime
B. Half dollar
C. Silver dollar
D. Grapefruit
E. Orange

21. My personal opinion is that the object I saw was about 200 ft in length, but I realize this is extremely difficult to determine from the distance it was from me. I would say it was about two to three times the width of a large automobile, which would be a length of 50-75 ft.

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Driving. 

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? Gradually faded and went into the distance. 

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a plane or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude.

25. Was there any sound coming from the object(s)? If so, please describe.

26. Please mark on this map the position of the object(s) when you first saw it, the direction of its flight path, and where it disappeared from view.

27. There was a difference in the object(s). I wouldn't know how, other than it seemed to me to change in appearance somewhat during the time I observed it.

28. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this silhouette chart.

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) came, its path, and where it went out of sight.

Those were vigilent were looking for anything that could have been an unusual aircraft or craft. There were no other witnesses. I did not report this occurrence immediately to any authorities as I did not realize at the time the significance of what I had observed until later that day. This occurred about mid-afternoon. After seeing the object, I continued driving and looked for anything that I could have mistaken as an unidentified object, but saw nothing else. 

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? Nearest would be Gt. Lakes Naval Air Station.

31. Please return the photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station, and announcer's comments) if any. We will return the material to you. 

32. Since we do not have any photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, or other material regarding this observation, we will return nothing.

33. We would like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other persons to come forward with similar information. However, if you prefer that your name not be used, please so indicate. Thank you for your cooperation.