The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing sightings of unidentified lights in the sky over Westhampton, Long Island, New York on various dates in October 1966.

A Resume of What I Have Seen in the Sky over Westhampton
Oct 27, about 8:10 E.D.T. as we passed the Cocoa-cola plant on Riverhead Road, I saw a bright light in the west, appearing to be high in the sky. This light flashed on and off once and then disappeared.
Oct 28: 7:20 E.P.T. a brilliant light was in the west as I was outside my house on Westhampton. It flashed on and had a succession of red and green lights, distance or altitude from my house was a regular period of at least four or five minutes. Then as quickly as it appeared, it disappeared.
I saw the same thing several other nights, and one was on Friday, Oct. 21 at about the same time as the home from grocery shopping.
After I got home from shopping the eve of 28th, my 8o-year-old WAPC of Riverhead so we went the lonely Riverhead road to see if we saw any more lights. We did not see any additional bright lights, seemed to drop down from about half way from Speonk to Riverhead.
Oct 29, I saw the same light as on the previous nights, in the western sky. Also in the western sky I saw a tiny red flickering light, that traveled in a straight line from north and suddenly shot straight up. I had called the fire department, the police who came did not see the light.
At 8:15 I was outside as a guest had just left, and I saw the light pole in front of my house. (I expect the light to come on shortly). As I was watching, the light suddenly went out and a tiny red light appeared at the position it had been, this red light seemed to move up and down and back and forth. While I was in this position suddenly the light went out and a tiny red light seemed to shoot up into the sky.
Get 31, 9:15 P.M. The same brilliant, red, green and white light.
I used to be a plane spotter during World War II and airplanes, and certainly with their lights, since I live Suffolk Air Base, as well as driving workers to the same that have seen the unfamiliar lights in the sky, have never seen lights like these before.