The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten annotations.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

Almost exactly due south, and at an altitude of about 25°. 
(a break in the recording.)

From the southwest to due south, from 30° to 135°, along or about the course first attracted their attention to it when it first appeared.

Due to the intensity of it, it was mistakable of the color. 
It was very intense. It was quite brighter than a very bright star.

Something like Venus which is - - - as a matter of fact, they didn't have Venus at that time. It would have been much brighter than Venus; much whiter.

This is the marvelous thing about having a good observer, because going out on the house, I got my small glasses, which are actually 4 x 30, to observe the object. I really didn't believe it was going to be anything at all when I got outside. It appeared to be an intense white - - maybe with a slight yellowish tinge. There was already an intensity so great it appeared to be practically square on the horizon, and this minute object was there, almost suddenly. This seemed almost harder to understand. It just seemed to suddenly appear in about that position and this minute object was there. They would have to explain this again - - you got the binoculars from the house.

Going out of the house, I got my small glasses, which are actually 4 x 30, to observe the object. I really didn't believe it was going to be anything at all when I got outside. It appeared to be an intense white - - maybe with a slight yellowish tinge. There was already an intensity so great it appeared to be practically square on the horizon, and this minute object was there, almost suddenly. This seemed almost harder to understand. It just seemed to suddenly appear in about that position and this minute object was there. 

Light from a central source. Are you speaking of the color?

(Break in tape.)

I would describe it more as just a very small source in a very hot region, as a central source which has the type of flame, and then with this concentration of light and flame - a center, and through some small tracts, it was quite evident that there was a wandering motion of the object with respect to the frame which seemed almost random, up and down and sideways, not at all rapid, but just a wandering motion.

This was the frequency - - if you could consider any part of the frequency to the function to the function per second - - 