The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report dated August 3, 1966, describing a sighting incident. The text from the document is as follows:

Belonging Sighting 
Page 3
August 3, 1966

both directions, predominantly red and green. The light was flanked with a rear or flare on each side, and above and below to a somewhat lesser extent.

The glasses were then tried on an airplane's running-lights, with even more pronounced agreement from Mrs. that the effect of multiple images was like that of the previous night, although the color was different. The witnesses were shown how the appearance changed when the line of sight was moved so it passed through the other half of the window, which did not open and hence had no screen.

Mrs. demonstrated how she observed the objects at 0443; she looked through the screened half of the window, nearly parallel to the screen; under these conditions, the diffraction effect horizontally would have been much greater. Note that the three objects were each seen in triplicate, although Mrs. interpreted the faintest ones as being farthest away, she saw all three sees with identical spacing, indicating a lack of perspective. What this was pointed out, she corrected the description, or rather indicated a correction, which the investigator made.

Conclusion: The first object was probably Capella, which is nearly circumpolar at this latitude, and at the time of the sighting was moving up and to the right, mostly to the right, or east. The flickering was scintillation; the diffraction effect in the binoculars tended strongly to accentuate and emphasize the red and green colors actually present in the scintillating starlight. The up-and-down and side-to-side movement noticed was probably an effect of unsteadiness in holding the field-glasses; Mrs. while watching the airplane exclaimed that it, too, was showing the same sort of motion, indicating clearly that she was unaware of the motion of the binoculars.