The image contains a set of four photographs, which appear to be part of a UFO report document. The photographs show different views of what is described as a sighted object, including views in the western sky, the southern sky, and two views in the eastern sky.

The text in the document describes the witness's sighting, including details about the object's appearance, movement, and comparison to an aircraft. The text also mentions that the witness took photographs of the object "as best humanly possible".

OCR Text Output:
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 29 Oct. 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

As I was driving westward on the Long Island Expwy. I noticed a colored object stationary in the western sky. The initial sight was about 2230 EDT, and involved a sighting of an oval object. It nearly caused me to have an accident as I could not believe my eyes. The object appeared to be bluish-green and also changed color a little. It just hovered there in the sky, no sound, nor any sign of propulsion. Moments after the cloud covered the object I stepped on the brake, and the object was seen again after the cloud covered it. It suddenly proceeded forward at an extremely fast rate of speed. 

The pictures showed things that the witness claimed he did not see at the time. He said at the beginning was a very long oval object. The apparent light shining down from the object, nor the wall light that appeared on the photographs.

Two last two pictures were taken:
object as it traveled at a very high rate of speed off into the east.

Photos: Taken holding camera as most humanly possible
2 in the western sky
3 in the southern sky  
1 in the eastern sky for 2 second exposure
1 in the eastern sky for 5 second exposure

In about four seconds the object covered approximately 40 degrees. 

Object could have compared with the Goodyear blimp, but the fast rate of speed at the end of the flight path discounted this conclusion by witnesses. After the object came from behind the cloud it was moving so fast toward the east; then it seemed to be slowly climbing as it went toward the horizon. Also an aircraft was spotted at the bottom could have been the object viewed but again the high rate of descent shown in the pictures as a possible explanation.

Other witnesses reported different colors visible but ungraded on speed and flight path of the unknown.