The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page, only text and checkboxes.

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One):  (15)  (30)  (45) 
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One): (1/2)  (1)  (2)
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2.3 miles

22. Where was the object located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (type)
d. In an aircraft
e. At sea
f. Other:

23. Were you
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield? 
e. Near a power plant?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: Driving on a highway

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest

24.2 What was your approximate speed at the time?

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes  No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Naked eye  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No
c. Windshield  Yes  No
d. Binoculars  Yes  No
e. Telescope  Yes  No
f. Theodolite  Yes  No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The object appeared to be the same size or slightly larger than a car at a distance of about 2.3 miles. It was a very shiny bright metallic object, shaped somewhat like a teardrop and gave off a bluish-white glow. It moved rapidly at an altitude of about 500 ft and made no sound. It was not a star, planet, meteor or any known aircraft.