Rushville Sighting

Persons who made observation ( ten in all)

Myrtle Bailey 3R 1, Rushville, Ind. Age 61, Housewife.

Eric Miller, 539 N. Parkings St. Rushville, Ind. Age 15, Summer employee of American Promotions Inc. Indianapolis, junior in High School.

Donna Gosser, 3R 2, Rushville, Age 11, 5th Grade.

Four High School boys from New Castle who observed the object with Eric Miller.
(They had returned to New Castle and were not available for questioning.)

Dirk Paugh, Age 10. Douglas Gosser Age 9, Tommey Gosser Age 7. These boys observed the object for about 15 seconds when it was about one city block away.)

Time of Observation; Monday Aug. 1, 1966, 7:30 to 8:00 P.M. Sun setting, moon not up yet, no stars, dusk.

Locality; South East of Rushville Ind. Near State Road 52 at a suburb know as Circleville.

Sky Conditions; Partly cloudy, the clouds were to the west and north clear of the area of the sighting.

Narrative;

Donna Gosser, just happen to look up from the road where she was playing with Tommey Gosser and saw the object almost directly overhead filling a space between the top limbs of a tall maple tree. She watched it for about half a minute then yelled to Dirk Paugh and Douglas Gosser who were down the road a half block on their bicycles.

Donna describe the object as almost round, brighter than the moon, glowing silver, solid with fuzzy edges, making no sound, and four times the size of a full moon up high. She said it stood still out racked little in the air. As she yelled to her friends the object suddenly changed to a reddish orange colority on the outer edge of the bottom, seemed to revolve, quickly tilted on it's high y 52 and in no more than 2 seconds and came to a instant stop about one mile south over a house on a hill. Her friends joined her and watched it 3ccs before the object suddenly zipped southward becoming smaller and disappearing in a estimated 5 seconds.

Everyone ran into Donna's nearby home all excited and yelling to Donna's mother about what they had seen. The mother Jean Bailey Gosser was on the phone talking to her mother Myrtle Bailey who resides 1CC yards down the road. The ladies continued to talk and one remarked " why dont they come down and have coffee with us?" Jean Gosser never went out.

Eric Miller and four newly met acquaintances from New Castle were at the Dairy Delight drive-in about one mile from the area of the sighting. Eric had just looked at his watch and saw it was 7:15 and he was due home. He described the object as having a grayish metallic shine with a faint glow on top, he could not see the bottom. Also self luminous, fuzzy at the edges, it was in the shape of a flat oval about the size of a dime held at arms length. It did not remain motionless but had a little side slip while hovering.

When first observed it was well above one tall trees but rapidly dropped down until it was behind the very top of the tall trees between it and the observer. The object went out of sight but the glow from the top could be seen. Than it suddenly cross back