The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a filled-out form and handwritten notes.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 302 ft up

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. Inside a building - my house kitchen 
b. In a vehicle
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other in my kitchen at home

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. South c. East d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses YES (NO) d. Windshield YES (NO) g. Theodolite YES (NO)
b. Sun glasses YES (NO) e. Binoculars YES (NO) h. Telescope YES (NO) 
c. Windshield (clean) YES (NO) f. Telephoto lens YES (NO) i. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words everything you observed about the object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance or phenomenon as the one you say. No common object.

No common object of known identity. I saw what appeared to be a large, round, silent, silver metallic object which moved at a high rate of speed and silently disappeared up into the sky.