There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text about a UFO sighting.

OCR Output:
My wife and I first encountered this strange air-craft Sunday, Oct. 30,1966, at 1:30 A.M. EDT, while traveling west in our 1966 Chev. Station Wagon, when we encountered on Rt. 23 a strange Ave. light, which we estimated to be in the center to control traffic going east and west. We stopped to wait the green light, no overhead light, observing this strange light about 30 ft above the ground, and hovering over the highway. As we approached we noticed the headlights had become dim and watched as high beam and this seemed to make no difference. We stopped in the middle of the road and this seemed to make a difference as far as the headlights were concerned. The strange light was about 25 to 30 feet in diameter and was lowered to about 8 to 10 feet from the ground, and appeared to be glowing and the color of the glass, as if the surface of the window was semi-lighted, to give a degree of opacity. They may have approximately 20 feet wide and 30 feet high, running the entire length of the starboard side of the ship. The ship then veered slightly clockwise, which I can control flashing, going north-south at a tower height with it's lights in the center line, became more intense, this position seemed to keep pace with the moving car, as if were taken a seated position on the window sill with my arms upon the roof of the car, and looked as it might into the bulb lighted like momentaries for a split second. These lights are very large round electric no or quartz type, likely there are two of these on each side of center line, according into the bottom of the craft. He estimate these lights to be about 10 feet in diameter. The ship then lifted as straight up about 200 feet and hovered some for a minute, then proceeded to take off at a great rate of speed in a southerly direction with not a sound. When it got up to about 500 to 600 feet, it made an abrupt 90 degree turn to the East and rapidly disappeared from sight. The most amazing part of this sighting was that no atmospheric disturbance or sound of any kind accompanied the arrival, hovering or departure of this strange craft. I am not one to get excited over sensational stories, but I am convinced that whit I saw was not a natural phenomenon, I would like to add this, in moving in a southerly direction, it would be going in the direction of a secret military installation, attached to the NAS Cherry Hill, N.J., and played down the fact that such an installation existed to the general public. I would be interested to know if any other sightings of this type have been reported in this area. It was an unforgettable and unbelievable experience to this writer, who regards the phenomena as being of extraterrestrial origin.