There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document or report.

in the sky at about those times and in those general vicinities, I could form no consistent picture whatever of these alleged events. On the other hand, I could form a consistent picture of what apparently was observed over the swamp at Dexter and at Hillsdale. In both cases a distinctive reddish yellow, and green lights were reported, plus a general yellow glow. The spectacular lights, when reported, were stated to be of limited area. One of the girls at Hillsdale agreed but stated that a yellowish glow surrounding and enveloped the discreet lights. The similarity between the Dexter lights and the Hillsdale lights was striking. Not only as to color and intensity, but motion as well. The motion was described in both cases as smooth and slow, with a tendency to disappear rather suddenly and reappear elsewhere. Most observers described a smooth horizontal motion and while other girls from Hillsdale said the lights seemed to get excited and moved erratically when car lights and flashlights came into the vicinity, the major behaviour was described as persistent, smooth and slow.
I had hoped to be able to gather more data and, with the help of some of my Northwestern staff who were willing to come to the area with me and help in the interrogation and so to be able to examine many of the individual reports not associated directly with the events, but funds were not available for bringing in any of my associates, who are excellent interrogators in this field, and further, since the interest and excitement generated in these cases was mounting to fever pitch, it seemed expedient, in fact mandatory, to hold a press conference and make a press report. Until the evening before I was to make such a statement, I was still puzzled as to a natural explanation for even the consistent sightings. Fortunately, I have a number of friends in the academic world in Ann Arbor and whose invaluable aid I enlisted. I would like