The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, describing the investigation of sightings reported to SCABS (presumably an acronym) during 1966. The document provides details about the classification scheme used for the sightings, as well as descriptions of the observed phenomena, including objects that appeared to flash different colors, move erratically, and maintain a constant motion relative to the stars. The document also mentions that the objects were described as "brighter than a star," "larger than a star," "round," "oval," "long and thin," or "cylindrical," and were much smaller than the moon.

THE INVESTIGATION
The investigators arrived the evening of October 29; they spent that evening and the following morning going through all sightings reported to SCAFB during 1966. A classification scheme was devised to apply to the sightings since October 21, and these sightings were coded as to type, on the basis of descriptions in the reports. It was found that the majority of reports could be described as follows:
TYPE A: Bright object 10 to 30 degrees above the horizon, observed for long periods, usually terminated by the witness' ceasing to watch. The object appeared to flash red, green, blue and white. Occasionally it might rise, move erratically about, or dive, but always stayed near the same average position. This average position would change very slowly over a period of 10 minutes to several hours; some objects would move higher, one would move lower in the sky. Repeated appearances would occur on successive nights. The objects would be described as "brighter than a star," "larger than a star," "round," "oval," "long and thin," or "cylindrical". All, however, were much smaller than the moon. In binoculars the object showed greater color effects, and a spinning or chaotic motion, within itself. 
TYPE B: The objects appeared star-like, sometimes flickering red and green or changing color to dull orange or red near the horizon. It would be in definite, constant motion relative to stars, following a path from north to south or from west to east, or a path between these limits. It would occasionally seem to "zig-zag" or change course, although maintaining the same general direction. Its shape would be described as irregular.