There is no photograph or image present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. It appears to be a report form with various questions and fields to be filled out, likely related to the observation of an unidentified flying object.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue N. W. 
Washington, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and other Armed Forces investigating agencies, and additional information needed for the evaluation of such reports. After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine as news occurs. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Information you provide additional to the questions on this form will also be helpful.

1. Name: Stevens, Peter, Wise. 
Address: Wise, State University
Occupation: Instructor
Education: B.S. Degree, M.S. Degree
Special Training: USMC 1945-1948 (Hawaii), USMC 1950-1951 (Korea)

2. Telephone: 

3. Date of Observation: August 9, 1966
Location of Observation: Big Fork, Montana
Time: 6:10 AM      Time Zone: MT

4. How long did you see the object?   Hours 15 Minutes Seconds.

5. Please describe the object: Bright, elongated, oval, cigar-shaped, clearly visible, rather low, moving, swift.
6. Position of the object: High in the sky, directly overhead. 
7. Condition of sky: Clear weather, some clouds, bright stars. Observed at time of day: If it was visible to the eye.
8. Object seen just before sunrise: Stars visiblevery bright, moon not noticed.
9. Describe the object(s) in detail: The object had a steady, bright glow, did not appear to pulsate or change color. It was observed a short time before sunrise.
10. Was the object brighter than the surrounding sky? Brighter than brightest star. 
11. Did it rise or fall, or perform other maneuvers? The object maintained a steady course to the north and upward motion.
12. Did the object disappear? None of the listed items. 

a. Appear to hover at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Leave any visible trail?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Change color?

13. Did this object appear to be attached to or connected with any other object in the sky?  No
14. Was this object sighted by anyone else? Possibly, could have been observed by others at that time.
15. Did you observe the object(s) through binoculars, cameras, or other optical aids? No optical aids used.
16. Did the object(s) have any sound?  None 
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) - The object can only be described as a very bright star.