The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, likely a UFO report.

ENVIRONMENTAL FACTORS UNDER WHICH IT APPEARS TO MOVE. The object - It was playing with our eyes in the way a child plays with a stick when you pretend to throw it and he runs after it. It did not seem to be powered by any jet or exhaust. It was completely silent. It appeared to have no means of propulsion that we could discern. It changed directions sharply, made sudden stops, hovered, and accelerated with amazing speed. I thought at first it might be a kite, but it was too high, too fast, and too erratic for a kite. I thought it might be a meteor or satellite, but it was far too maneuverable and far too low in the sky. NARRATIVE: I was moving with two friends between the hours of 8 and 9 P.M. EST on August 24, 1966, on Route 70-E in Harvard, Massachusetts. We were traveling in an automobile, heading west, when we noticed a bright light in the sky ahead of us and to the right. At first we thought it might be an aircraft, but as we got closer, we realized it was not an aircraft, since it was completely silent and seemed to be moving in a very unusual manner - making sudden stops and changes in direction. It appeared to be playing a sort of game with us, almost as though it were showing off or toying with our eyes. I stopped the car on the side of the road and we all got out to watch the object. It seemed to be approximately the size of a basketball at arm's length, and was very bright - almost blinding. It was either self-luminous or reflecting a great deal of light. The object was approximately 1000 to 1500 feet above the ground and 1 to 2 miles from our position. It was moving in an erratic, jerky fashion, first one way, then another, sometimes hovering, sometimes accelerating, then making a sudden stop. This continued for 5 to 10 minutes. At one point, it made a very rapid, nearly vertical descent, then stopped abruptly and returned to its previous course and altitude. Then it moved off rapidly to the east, accelerating to a high rate of speed and going out of sight. The weather was clear, with very light winds from the west. Visibility was excellent. There were scattered clouds in the sky at about 5,000 to 10,000 feet. No other aircraft were visible at the time, and we heard no sounds associated with the object.