The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or report page from Project Blue Book.

STATEMENT

On 1 Aug 66 while enroute to a storm reconnaissance area in the South China Sea, we observed three bright lights over a town near the Philippine coast in the vicinity of Manila. At this time we were east of the Philippines at an altitude of about 27,000 feet, on a heading of about 090 degrees magnetic. We were looking to the east-northeast. They appeared to be stationary for a few minutes, then they started moving in the opposite direction to our aircraft. There were three lights in a loose formation or cluster, they were moving very fast and out of the corner of my eye, I saw a fourth light join the other three lights. As the cluster became dim I lost sight of them as they disappeared behind our plane. While searching the horizon for any additional sightings, I suddenly became aware of a bright light moving across our nose at a very fast rate of speed in the opposite direction of our aircraft. This bright light appeared to be at our 12 o'clock position passing us and as it did so it appeared to decelerate to a very fast but steady speed. As it took about 5 to 7 seconds to pass our nose, I was the last to see them as they disappeared behind our plane. Unlike the three lights which disappeared quickly, this bright single light seemed to gain altitude and continued on in the opposite direction from our aircraft. While watching these lights, I was trying to recall if they were distant stars or planets, but decided the first group of three lights in tight formation and their sudden speed and movement could not have been a celestial body. The bright single light also did not appear to be a celestial body, as it was too bright, too fast and too big in size compared to any star I've ever seen. After reading at 01:40, the pilot, Co-pilot, Navigator and Weather Observer confirmed the details of the sighting. The flight was maneuvered in an attempt to relocate and identify the lights but we were unsuccessful.

FRANCIS W. HENRY JR., 2SGT, USAF
FLIGHT EXAMINER, PASSENGER OPERATOR