There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing text only.

19 August 1966

TO: Captain Thomas G. Seaberger
B. I. O. Officer, KAFB
Albuquerque, New Mexico

FROM:

SUBJECT: Unusual Airborne Object

This will confirm our phone conversation of last evening in reference to the subject matter.

At about 1952 local time, Thursday evening, 18 August 1966, I was sitting on the second story sun deck of my home when I first observed a brilliant white object.

The sun had just disappeared over the western horizon a few minutes prior to my sighting of the object, so the sky was still relatively bright. There were a few scattered clouds in the area. I then saw were two familiar-nimbus directly over the TV towers at Sandia Crest; (2) On the horizon, approximately 15 to 20 degrees to the left of true north, was a relative luminous white mass.

When I first observed the brilliant object, it was approximately 20 degrees above the western horizon and to about 15 degrees above the western horizon were several cumulus clouds forming a west-northwest area. The object in the sky at that time (1952 M) was completely clear and a few stars were even visible immediately overhead.

When I first observed the brilliant object, I thought it to be a satellite, so I called my wife up to the sun deck to observe it with me. As we both observed it approaching from the east, it had an undistinguishable appearance to me that it could not be a satellite, because it was tracking from east to west. All satellites, of which I have any knowledge, travel from west to east.

I assumed then that I had misjudged the sighting and determined, at that point, that we were observing a high flying aircraft at between 20 and 30 thousand feet, probably closer to 30,000 feet. It also flashed through my mind that it was most unusual for a satellite to be flying at that altitude, in relative daylight, with its nose landing light on continuously, as it was. I have had considerable experience in the past, as a airline pilot and this fast not seem plausible to me.

I could not see any silhouette of an aircraft, even when it was directly overhead. Although I could plainly see the contrail silhouette of a multi-engine DC-7 which had preceded this sighting by some few minutes. The DC-7 was approximately 25,000 feet overhead when it passed over me.

The object, when observed almost directly overhead, exposed to view, not only the one large bright nose light (if it was a nose light and not a direct reflection from the setting sun), but also a smaller white light or reflective directly between the large white light. Also, immediately above the large white light, we observed a smaller red light. At least it appeared to be a red light.