There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document.

AFR 80-17
balloons or any unusual meteorological activities may become a factor in the analysis of the unidentified object reports.
(3) Eliminate the possibility that the sighting could have been a celestial body or phenomenon.
(4) Consult military and civilian (USAF and FAA) personnel on duty at the time of and during the period of the unidentified object observation to determine if an aircraft, weather balloon, or other known object was in the area.
(5) Obtain, if possible, the best description possible of the unidentified object from the observer, including information on size, shape, color, manner of operation, duration of sighting, direction of travel, and associated effects on the environment, such as noise, light, or other unusual characteristics exhibited by the object.
(6) Consult local and State police and other law enforcement agencies, but use extreme caution and good judgment in doing so. Information obtained from such sources may be regarded as strictly confidential.
(7) Transmit all reports:
UFOs promptly. Electrical transmission with multiple addressees. ADDRESSEES: (Transmittal for Defense) 
FOR CIAC (FTD): TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER 
FOR ASDC (3): MISSILE and SPACE DIVISION
SAC/CC (OPLAN 33-60) IN THE EVENT
FOLLO-WING AUTHORITIES ARE UTILIZED:

ADD: INSPECTOR GENERAL, USAF 
USAF INFORMATION OFFICER
PIO

If SAE 721 is required. CIVILIAN. Advise civilian observers to make no mention of this investigation to anyone except the Air Force officer conducting it. Indicate that further details cannot be released and that the information will be forwarded to appropriate authorities.

If Information is Negative or Inconclusive: If the investigation fails to establish the identity of the object beyond a reasonable doubt, the detailed report submitted through channels. If the identity is established, the report will contain a statement to that effect. The reporting authority will continue to monitor the situation and will provide any additional data or significant changes in the case to CIAC (FTD). The purpose of this regulation is to enable CIAC (FTD) to continue investigations of unidentified aerial objects should the necessity arise.