The image contains a newspaper article with the title "Saucer Is Reported At Napeague Beach". There does not appear to be any photograph within this document.

OCR Output:

Saucer Is Reported
At Napeague Beach
Wednesday night, March 30, was
very fine night for driving - but
Bruce Field of 82 Collins Avenue,
East Hampton, was driving his new
Chevrolet wagon home over Napeague,
his rear lights suddenly went out
as he was going up the hill. He stepped on the brakes, but the lights did
not come on. As he went down the hill,
suddenly his lights went put, out
and his motor would not turn over.
He pulled the car over to the side,
to tinker, when, equally suddenly,
the lights went back on and the motor
started without any difficulty. He
and the engine started.
Within minutes, the same electrical failure occurred again. This
time, as he was tinkering under the
hood, he noticed a light along the
ground. He said the light moved off
and the buggy was going along eastward,
more of less parallel with him.
Mr. Field said the light was very
bright and dim alternately, "and
then returned. As it moved slowly
over the road toward the station towers,
the light did not get noticeably
dimmer or brighter." Mr.
Field says he has ever
seen and he sharpe was that of a

50 and 75 feet long, and about 700
feet northwest.
As the towers, the object suddenly took off faster than a jet
is said to fly, and disappeared
beyond, to Fisher's Island. It
went out of sight in a moment, he
said. There was not a sound, nor
did he see a car until he passed
the station, on his way to Town Police headquarters to tell his story.
Three Mile Harbor Police at
10:15 p.m. Mrs. Dallas Spicer of Abraham's Path,
near Three Mile Harbor Road,
reportedly called the police about having seen, together with her wife,
a "whirling disc pole" at the road near
their house. It was pale blue, and
it made the house pole cascade as
which glowed changed from
light itself moved to and fro.
Mr. Spicer had short the police
this sighting was "very bright", and it
was "very bright. and it is not a
star."
On March 31, 1966, Mrs. Spicer called
second time, to report that the light
spot very bright and was teaving
again after it had been seen as the
East Hampton." And a few moments
later she called to say that "the object" was over the Hampton Cablevision television tower, three and
a half miles east.
After the Spicer's first call, Sergeant Russell Sanders went to the
scene, but she could not find what
he had not seen the "same."