The image contains a photograph depicting a flying saucer or unidentified flying object, as reported in the text of the newspaper article. The article discusses how the Mantua, Ohio police chief, Gerald Buchert, claimed to have taken a photograph of a flying saucer on April 17, 1966. The article describes the object as a "round, bright, white object" that "looked like an antenna was sticking out of one side of it." The article also mentions that the Air Force was investigating the incident.

Text from the document:

"He's Sure Negative's Positive

Chief Saw the Saucer And Got the Picture

By ROBERT FROHNE

Post-Gazette Staff Writer

While hundreds of Western Pennsylvania and Eastern Ohio residents gazed at this area's first flying saucer early Sunday morning, Police Chief Gerald Buchert of Mantua, Ohio, did something equally startling — he photographed it.

'He looked like an antenna was sticking out of one side of it,' said Buchert.

When the picture was developed, there it was, a saucer-shaped object floating in the sky about six miles away, Buchert said. 'One feels a little silly saying things like that, but it was different at 5 a.m.,' Buchert explained. 'The object seemed to glide silently away across the sky.'

Portage County Ohio sheriff's deputies W. L. Neal and Dale Spaur, in a paroling car, were among those who saw the saucer Sunday at speeds up to 105 miles an hour.

At East Palestine, Ohio, Patrolman Wayne Huston took up the chase, and the three police cars spent all the way over into Pennsylvania where the "object" disappeared.

One picture is said to be the photographed at speeds up to 105 miles an hour.

Said Sher iff 's Deputy Neal: 'It was a very bright, cone-shaped object, some 35 to 40 feet across the top and 24 feet high.'

Chief Buchert was the man with the picture, but he had some initial trouble with the Air Force UFO files: 'contries of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton and a spokesman there would not release the picture if he wished but they'd rather he didn't.'

Taking the hint, Chief Buchert kept it to himself. Yesterday morning an Air Force spokesman from Washington called Buchert and told him to go ahead and release the picture if he had really done so."