The image you've provided does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned document page with handwritten text responses and simple hand-drawn sketches related to a UFO sighting. The text of the document is as follows:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? As the object
"reversed its path it would become extremely
dim to almost invisible and gone- when
it came to turn At these times the object could only
be seen with the binoculars.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: A television tower+ would match
some small trees.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES then tell what in front of: ----------------------------------------------

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None could be heard
b. Color White, until changing it direction then it Shined
"Glass" Value.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Both objects would have been completely
covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(Object #2)
(Object #1 (far away) (brighter)
OBJECT #3 (in view)
(sighting)

The handwritten sketches depict three objects; the first labeled "Object #2", the second labeled "Object #1 (far away) (brighter)", and the third labeled "OBJECT #3 (in view)". There is also a sketch that appears to be a cigar-shaped object with an arrow by it indicating direction.