There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

And, I have also determined that the pictures released yesterday to the press were taken on March 17, near Milan, Mich., and have no reference whatever to the sightings of March 20 or 21st, and are without any question a time exposure of the rising crescent moon and the planet Venus. I emphasize that this explanation refers to those specific pictures and not to the two cases now in question.

At long last now, the Dexter and Hillsdale cases: Here are the hard facts, the residue, the common denominator after sifting out as much of the subjective, peripheral, and inconsistent statements as I have been able to do in this short time.

The bodily of observers in both cases reported only lights—red, yellow and green, silent glowing lights, near the ground. They have not described an object. Even the only two observers who did describe an object have stated that they were no closer than 500 yards—better than a quarter of a mile away—a distance which does not allow details to be determined.

Witnesses have described glowing lights—lights that seemed to move but never far from a definite locale, or which suddenly disappeared and popped up at another place. Now what was that locale in both instances? In both cases, a swamp. In both cases the location of the glow was pin-pointed: in Dexter it was seen between two distant groups of people, and at Hillsdale it was seen in a swampy depression between the girls and distant trees. It was in both cases a very localized phenomenon. I think that this is a most significant point.

A dismal swamp is a most unlikely place for a visit from outer space! It is not a place where a helicopter would hover for several hours, or where a controlled, secret device would likely be tested.

Now what is a swamp? It is a place of rotting vegetation and of decomposition. Swamps are not the normal province of the astronomer; he usually has his eyes trained toward far loftier places—yet the Dutch astronomer van Albada once remarked on the frequency of mysterious lights near the ground in his country's swamps and marshes.