There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Self luminous ?
Dull finish ?
Reflecting ?
Transparent ?

Did the object (s) rise or fall while in motion ? 
Tell the apparent size of the object (s) when compared with the following held at arm's length: 
a. Thumbnail       b. Dime       c. Half dollar       d. Silver dollar       e. Grapefruit       f. Large

On. If smaller, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

How did you happen to notice the object(s)? 
Where were you and what were you doing at the time? 
How did the object(s) disappear from view ?
Compare the speed of the object(s) with a distant or fast aircraft of the same apparent altitude. 
What was the color of the object(s)? Was it steady or did it change? 
What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky ?

Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.
Please draw a rough sketch or sketching showing the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over the area (roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks).

Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area ?
Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.

Were you questioned by Air Force investigators ? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials ? If so, please state the details.
Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders manifested ?

We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own confidential files.

You may use my name. ( )
Please keep my name confidential. (X)

Date of filling out this report: 4-19-66