The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a newspaper or magazine article titled "Retiring 'Project Blue Book' Sergeant Explains Flying Saucer Mystery Away".

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

The Skywriter
April 12, 1966

Retiring 'Project Blue Book' Sergeant Explains Flying Saucer Mystery Away

Force investigator of recent unidentified flying objects around the United States, has retired from the Air Force. His Blue Book office at foreign Technology Division has been closed.

Moody has analyzed during almost five years, the UFO reports received. He says that more than 10,000 sightings have been evaluated by Project Blue Book. However, there are some 100,000 sightings which have not been officially reported, except those in 1952.

When questioned, he refused to give his entire files to the Harvard data for identification of the unidentifiable. He said, "I couldn't give them my files. Even if I wanted to, I couldn't explain any of them."

Moody, who says he is leaving the Air Force to take a bachelor's degree in psychology from Fresno College, Fresno, Calif., explained the typical reaction of persons reporting UFOs.

"People are generally Moody said, "probably to have seen the same things that anyone else has. But being in the Air Force and having access to the scientific data of the investigation, I cannot find any logical answers to many of the reports filed."

The unidentified flying objects, he said, "are real. They are not with his intellect or integrity. He is telling the absolute truth in his report."

"The things that I can't explain," he said, "are objects, lights or stars that people have observed and reported. These observations seem fantastic beyond comprehension."

Moody feels that any contact between spacecraft and human beings would be impossible for the present generation to understand. "We're dealing with perception and optics," he said. "What we see and how we use our brain to identify an object is the problem."

"For every one report we get," Moody said, "probably do have 10 others that come in that we can't physically handle the number of reports we have gotten. We just don't have the money, the personnel, the buildings, the computers - maybe one day we will. But when I leave in July, we'll probably pick up 10 more reports than we can handle."

Lt. Col. Robert N. Quintanilla is the Project Blue Book Supervisor. He, like Moody, has no answers to many sightings. He was an astrophysicist who was converted to the UFO investigation completely by the data.

Moody has said many reports that have been investigated were found to be genuine. He has personally talked to many astronomers, test pilots, and these had to be investigated because the things they saw were foreign to their experience.

"And by the way, this was only a small incident of possibly no importance. Many times the things that people have reported are beyond a physical, reasonable explanation - because it doesn't work that way. It just doesn't work the way a lot of skeptics think it does. I wish I could explain it."

However, Moody says that only four or five of the 12,000 sightings that have seen were hoaxes. The Air Force has no means to indicate unreal phenomena.