The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

INVEST. COM'T.:
UPON RETURNING to the patrol vehicle, the underslgned officers returned to the road and directed the vehicle where the lights were sighted to.

TALK WITH WITNESS: Witness stated that he had observed the two lights coming from the swamp, and had awakened his son to watch the lights. The witness stated that as these two lights approached the vehicle, one would appear to be larger and higher than the other. At the instant the lights were observed, the witness stated "what is that thing?". and as the two (2) small lights disappeared, the witness stated "there goes something". At the Instant of observation, the small lights went out, and in just an Instant re-appeared across the road nearer to the witness vehicle. The witness stated that this time thing the lights would blink and appear intermittently for a couple of minutes, then went out, and the witness could not locate the object again.

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: The object was observed to be of an oval shape, slightly smaller than the headlights of the vehicle. No sound was heard. The object appeared to be brilliant in color, almost a bluish-green. Two small lights appeared to be at the outer edges of the object. When the vehicle or object illuminated, the lighting would change color and appear to be pulsating. After a few minutes of observing the object, some of the exterior body appeared to be viewed.

PERSONS OBSERVING OBJECT: MILLER, Delmer, R., White, male, age 27, Residence: Dixboro, Mich., Route, Dexter, Mich.

FURTHER DETAILS:  Shortly after the UFO was deserted from the scene, CHELSEA POLICE DEP'T. reported sighting a similar object over the SILVER LAKE AREA about 2:15 A.M. While making this report, the dispatcher advised that two school teachers in that area had also reported seeing a similar object at high rate of speed as it passed over their location.

A further sighting of 3 similar bluish-green lights was reported near the woods and swamp, North Side of M-52 territory. Road, northwest of here, within few minutes. These lights disappeared and were not observed again. Further details not available.

DISPOSITION: FURTHER INVESTIGATION AND SEARCH OF THE AREA WAS MADE WITH NEGATIVE RESULTS.

Respectfully Submitted,
[REDACTED]
Det. Sgt.