The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with a form and questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, by gradually fading out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes - No - Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes - No - Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - Noticed nothing unusual b. Color - Bright silver, about as bright as a reflector on a bicycle.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The text found in the document is:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES, BY GRADUALLY FADING OUT OF SIGHT.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) YES - No - Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) YES - No - Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound 1/\NOTICED NOTHING UNUSUAL b. Color BRIGHT SILVER, ABOUT AS BRIGHT AS A REFLECTOR ON A BICYCLE.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.