The image appears to contain a questionnaire form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO). There is no photograph included in this particular page of the document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information which may be valuable for research purposes. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you supply may be used in connection with any similar reports, without your permission. We request this personal information only so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
15 - October - 66

2. Time of day:
10:00
(Circle One): A.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): c. Eastern

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: City or Town: Doylestown
State: Penn.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15 Minutes

5.1 How long was object in sight? (Circle One)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
a. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:
c. Bright
a. Clear

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): d. To your left

8. Direction of object from observer at first sighting: 
North

9. Apparent size of object compared to the size of:
a. Full moon - Smaller
b. Thumbnail at arm's length - Smaller

10. Color of object:
White

11. Did object have exhaust or trail?
No

12. Did object have wings or other distinguishing features?
Round

13. How did object disappear from view?
Flew away

14. What was the attitude or motion of the object? (Circle One)
a. Stationary
b. Moving slowly
c. Moving fast

15. What was the speed of the object?
Fast

16. Describe any unusual actions of the object:
Climbed into cloud cover

17. How many objects were seen?
1

18. Sketch the object or objects, indicating direction of flight path if applicable:
No Sketch

FTD FORM 716 APR 64 This form supersedes AFT 146, Jul 51, which is obsolete.