The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document discussing aircraft evaluations and related information. The text is as follows:

AIRCRAFT

Aircraft evaluations are made on the basis of description and flight characteristics. As the priority on the report is attributable to aircraft no object is observed and the evaluation is made primarily on the time-motion sequence. The lighting and visual characteristics as well as the time motion sequence may differ with the type of aircraft and/or its mission. Initial lighting observations are maintained for full identification and are considered in the ACIG portion of the section with maps showing low and high level air corridors and flight restricted areas. They also pulling the "flight planning guide" which lists all refueling areas and their control agency. Special low-level military training areas are included in this publication and a map showing the routes is distributed periodically. ADD provides support on aircraft lighting configuration and the flight requirements stipulated. The QUAD crew at WRAFB provides information of visual characteristics of night refueling operations. SAC is closely photographed a refueling mission so that the visual characteristics of a refueling operation might be observed by analysis personnel. Civilian and military segments known to be engaged in night photography are contacted in cases of suspected photographic missions. NO cases in which an A/C flight is visualized at low altitudes or with the reported maneuvers are not consistent with known aircraft flight.

CONVENTIONAL
a) Regular scheduled airliners - Fly in air corridors, and are usually controlled by FAA. Lighting will probably be typical red and green wing
lights with rotating beacon. Landing lights on. Used landing lights on approach and takeoff, may include period of time reported as hovering or stationary if the aircraft is in a turn or approaching the observer. Not likely that duration will exceed 5 s or unless some grades of maneuvers is being performed. Most often reported at night and reported as single light (landing light) blots on time and given duration if lighting configuration are not readily distinguishable. The lighting configuration of each aircraft is included in the aircraft characteristics and can be red. Those objects in straight flight at altitude can be checked against local flight schedules. FAA can be checked if there is some doubt that the object is an aircraft or if positive identification as to a specific flight is required. May or may not have sound associated with the report. If near an airport, this type of object is not regarded as a UFO since moving lights in and around airports which could be caused by aircraft are regarded as airtraffic.