The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR Text:

Weston, Mass. Sightings - Page 5

The outstanding things about the cloud were its uniform luminosity, the fact that it was rather unlike the normal ground level clouds, and the persistence and the length of the trail. There was also a glow, brighter than the rest of the cloud, which seemed to originate from the center, and it was this glow resulting from the cloud that could passibly account for what the observer described as the peculiarities. It was also noted that the cloud originally appeared to be about the size of a small house, but grew to a size approximately 3 to 4 hundred feet in diameter. A cloud extending such enormous size would tend to attract a great deal of attention in the sky.

If the two incidents of January 14th and 17th are connected, then whatever device was producing the light on January 14th might have continued to do so on January 17th.

(1) Did any of the local military air fields have a special experiment going on or those two dates? This should be followed up, for it can be shown that these sightings are quite similar to certain military exercises being made for virtually all of the other similar sightings having been shown to have an experienced and highly technically trained man, obviously a very puzzled but awestruck, rather than terrified, reaction, indicating these cases to be of great importance.

(2) If there were weather conditions at the time of the sighting of January 17th, were there other clouds in the sky that seem to confirm the sighting of the peculiar cloud, since this should be determined for the sightings of each occasion.

Since there was both the helicopter and a commercial plane aloft at the time of the first sighting, it might be helpful to find out whether the flight path and altitudes of these objects could account for the glow seen and the peculiar movement of the cloud. A constant record of the radar tracking of the helicopter's and commercial plane's movements would be extremely useful.