The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports from the U.S. Air Force.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
Washington 25, D.C.

MAY 2 1961

Major William T. Coleman, Jr., USAF
Public Information Division 
Office of Information
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Major Coleman:

Your letter dated April 7, 1961, regarding sighting of white light rotating beacons on aircraft has been forwarded to this office for reply.

Approved anti-collision lights required for night flight on aircraft having a maximum gross weight of more than 12,000 pounds and used on many lighter aircraft are red rotating beacons.

Special Civil Air Regulation SR-392B which is scheduled to terminate February 25, 1962, provides for limited experimental use of strobe lights in lighting systems which do not comply with the relevant specifications contained in the CAR.

A number of different types of lights are being evaluated by the Federal Aviation Agency Bureau of Research and Development and various operators and manufacturers. The majority of these consist of the conventional red rotating beacons with a brilliant blue-white anti-collision light. One type of installation consists of "strobe" wing-tip lights in green and "bobbing" white tail light. The descending discharge flash or the "bobbing" effect may not be distinguishable from a rotating flash as a distance, which may contain the impression that white rotating beacons have been observed.

Since approvals of experimental operation in accordance with SR-392B are granted in the field, the number and types of lights presently in operation are not readily available. 

Maintaining a current list of aircraft with experimental lighting would be impractical as it is subject to frequent changes.

If we may be of additional assistance, please advise.

Sincerely,

Jack W. Judson, Chief
Air Carrier Operations Branch
Bureau of Flight Standards