The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's official investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Textual output:

Project Blue Book Information Office,
St. Paul 51, Minnesota, August 25th, 1966.

Hasting[wn], Dd. 20330

This refers to UFO sightings and observations of the town Albert H. Grice, representative of the lst National Mines Co., Inc., Congress Bldg., Washington, D.C., with states that on the evening of
Augusti 25, 1966, around 8:20 p.m., his wife Ruth Grice and other members of his family were sitting outside their home at 216 W. Elm St., Hastings, Minnesota, and that, while sitting there, they noticed a strange light in the sky to the southwest, which they watched for over an hour.

His wife Ruth states that when they first noticed the light it appeared to be round and about the size of a basketball, but that it gradually became larger and elongated, finally taking on a cigar or sausage shape. She states that the light changed color several times, going from a bright white to a dull orange and then back to white again. She says that the light seemed to be hovering or stationary in the sky and remained in the same general area throughout the observation. She states that they watched the light with great interest and that it was a completely clear, cloudless sky at the time.

Mr. Grice's daughter Nancy, age 16, corroborates her mother's story and states that she also saw the strange light in the sky. She says that the light appeared to be solid and not just a reflection, and that it seemed to be metallic in appearance. She states that the light made no sound and that it remained stationary for the entire period of observation.

Mr. Grice himself states that he was on the porch of his home and that he also saw the strange light in the southwestern sky. He says that the light was definitely not an aircraft of any kind, and that it was unlike anything he had ever seen before. He states that the light seemed to be self-luminous and that it did not appear to be reflecting any other light source. He says that the light remained in the same general area throughout the observation and that it did not appear to be moving.

Mr. Grice states that he has been in contact with the Project Blue Book Information Office in an effort to determine what the strange light may have been, and that he is very interested in getting some kind of an explanation for what he and his family observed. He states that he has no theory as to what the light may have been, but that he is convinced that it was not a conventional aircraft or any other known object.