The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a newspaper article reporting on a UFO sighting.

SYRACUSE HERALD-JOURNAL, Monday, April 18, 1966

UFO chased 86 miles
'We were close,' says deputy sheriff
RAVENNA, Ohio (AP) - Buchert said it looked like up in a mess of bridges. But 
"We were close, closer than I two table saucers put togeth- when I came out from under the 
ever want to be again," said er." bridge it came down and went
deputy sheriff who chased an The Deputy Sheriff Dale Spar for about 150 feet. These two cars were following
unidentified flying object from said he was chasing the object it."
Ohio into Pennsylvania.  in separate cars and chased it "I know nobody's going to 
Hundreds of persons in both for about an hour and a half, believe it, but it's true," he
states reported seeing the bril- at speeds up to 100 miles per hour. said.
liant and shiny" object early Spar said he choked the ac- Spar said the only sound
Sunday morning. celerator down to about 70 to 80 was a steady, faint humming, like an
Police chief Gerald Buchert of miles per hour because of the electric transformer. Near Con-
Mantua, about eight miles north hazard of the object from his front nellsville, Pa., near Pittsburgh,
of Ravenna, said it "came out view but the Air Force told him Spar said the object began hovering and "was going
of nowhere" near two bridges. not to release it.   for altitude, straight up."

Spar said the lines of the ob- He said the object disappear-
ject were very distinct. "Some- ed over the horizon, and neither he 
body had control over it," he nor the Air Force officials could explain it.
said. "It can't just be floating The Federal Aviation Agen-
cy air traffic control centers
The deputy said the chasing at Oberlin, Ohio, and Pittsburgh
slowed down near East Liver- Pa., when the cars "got tangled said they had no unidentified
pool, Pa., when the cars "got tangledin with the object on their radar.

Deputy Dale Spar says flying object 
looked like head of a flash