There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text describing a reported UFO sighting.

The text from the document is as follows:

it was shaped (the wing) exactly like a length of 2 x 4 lumber. On the back edge the wing line, or thickness of it, had a multitude of what appeared to be small black lights, or openings, with a slightly shiny rounded edge to them. It had a multitude of what was reported as "lighted dining car on a passenger train," as near from a distance of about 300 yards on the ground below. Apparently there was a connection for a fantastic call. The call was high, and perpendicular to the object, with an upward angle towards the top like that. It just reminded me of the familiar segments of the middle portion of the "spiraled" construction on the top of a water tower, that "spiraled" look (as seen on furniture) then ended at the top as nearly flat. By this time, I was leaning as far out the car window as possible. Physically, all the object portions were six or less of these small lights that passed over our car except for the further illumination of the shape. They were distinctly craft, in cascade, identical precision, lights That they were electrical/craft, in reverse, identical precision flight. I heard a voice remark, "You saw it, didn't you?" But why, I can't recall. It was very brief. We were only about one quarter mile away, the furthest we were behind it. As it left, there was no sound, and it disappeared in about a quarter of a mile. They were exactly the same distance apart, and exactly the same brilliant red lights, two more craft came into view. They were going nearly as fast as the first two had, but they were completely distinctive. They were large blinking brilliant red lights. They were completely distinctive except for the fact that they were a little dimmer in brilliance. I think two more craft from downstream came into view that were exactly the same except that they were a little dimmer.