The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

AFR 200-2
Example: 89 46N, 192 71W for 39 45N, 102 21W.
16. Competence of Reporting Officers. The professional competence and judgment of the observer are particularly important in the possible existence of the object to be reported. Together with a willingness to submit fullest details, and a thorough understanding of the items of information and to test all possible leads, these are essential factors in evaluating any report.
(1) Civilian--Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and statement of reliability.
(2) Military--Name, grade, organization, duty, and duration of reliability.
6. Weather and Winds--Aloft Conditions at time and place of sighting:
(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.
(2) Winds from sources of AWS or U. S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity at various heights at nearest reporting station. (For example: 3,000', 10,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000' altitude)
(3) Visibility and cloud coverage.
(4) Visibility.
(5) Amount of cloud cover.
(6) Thermodynamics in area and quadrant in which located.
(7) Vertical temperature gradient.
(8) Any other unusual activity or condition.
9. Internal logical consistency or observance, which may indicate or preclude the possibility of the sighting.
1. Interception or identification action taken on sighting authorized whenever feasible, and in compliance with existing air defense directives.
12. Location, approximate altitude, and general directions of flight of any air traffic or balloons which might account for the sighting
13. Description of text and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the sighting(s). (See paragraph 3.)
14. Existence of physical evidence, such as material and photographs.
15. Negative or Inapplicable Data. Even though the source does not provide, or an interviewer does not secure, information to fill out all pertinent spaces in the report form, every effort must be made to exhaust all logical leads to obtain the information outlined under paragraph 14. For example, a negative reply to the request for information contained in paragraph 14g is obtainable from the local military or civilian weather facility, when the question does not apply to the particular sighting under investigation.
17. Classification. Do not classify a report unless it requires classification. Classify reports primarily to protect personal data and to safeguard certain sighting details. It is requested by these procedures that more documents be left unclassified for public review.
18. Reporting Physical Evidence. Report promptly the existence of physical evidence, photographs, or negatives to the TD-E, Aerial Phenomena Branch.
(1) Still Photographs: Forward the negatives and the prints and/or indicate the place, time, and date of the incident.
(2) Motion Pictures: Obtain the original film, together with data relating to the camera, emulsion, processing, and other relevant information, as soon as possible and report promptly to TD-E, Aerial Phenomena Branch. 
(3) Supplemental Photographic Information: For sightings where motion pictures and stills are insufficient to permit clear conclusions. (See AFM 200-9 - classified document receiving limited distribution.) Information relating to the incident, apparent size and nature of object, probable velocity, and movements included.