The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed page from a Project Blue Book document discussing the "Technical Information" and procedures for reporting UFO sightings. The text on the page describes the essential elements of information to be reported by observers, the process of reducing and analyzing the sighting data, and the standardized form and coding system established for UFO sighting reports.

Technical Information" (PTD Form 164). The essential elements of information to be reported by observers include such items as time and place of sighting, weather conditions, object size and motion, and location of observer. Procedures were established -- JANAP 146, Cirvis, Merint -- to guide the other military services in reporting UFO sightings.

Throughout the period of preparation of Special Report No. 14 by the industrial consultant study team, emphasis was placed on a step-by-step, rational analysis of sighting data, and care was taken to place the reports in a standardized, carefully structured form. A procedure then was developed for reducing the data to usable form, to be accomplished in four major steps:

1) a systematic listing of the factors necessary to evaluate the observer and his report, and to identify the unknown object observed
2) a standard scheme for the transfer of data to a mechanized computation system
3) an orderly means of relating the original data to all subsequent computations
4) a consistent procedure for the identification of the phenomenon described by the original data.

A questionnaire form and a coding system with appropriate work sheets were designed and a serial numbering system was established for sighting data. Key terminology then was agreed upon, with the term "Unit Sighting" referring to the actual sightings, and "Object Sighting" referring to the assumed number of phenomena.

Evaluation of sighting reports in preparation of data for later statistical treatment has been considered to be critical. The standardized procedure in Special Report No. 14 featured: