The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

BY wild guesses. I do not believe it was a plane, because of its high altitude and brilliance, and because it was not moving when I first saw it. Besides, it was traveling toward my line of vision, which could make it appear to be stationary.
I recall the circumstances in a very sensible manner, and I am always with an open mind, ready to evaluate all situations of life today, in what I believe is an intelligent manner.
Would you please inform me of your opinion concerning this matter, and also answer a few questions for me? 
Would like to know why the people that a "sighting" which took place a week or a month earlier was only reported now or articulated?
It seems to me that with all the military installations around us, they surely have the ability to make that which we have on their radar, and known beforehand that one was in the area. If they did not have the ability to communication available to them today should have enabled them to find out additional knowledge which might have been available to them.
After all this time, the efficiency of the United States Ballistic Missile Early Warning System at Thule, Greenland, and the different radar devices that are scattered all across this nation should have enabled any military base to point of impact or arrival of a missile's probable point of impact in the United States.
If our military headquarters are supposed to know what is traveling around our sides, they are pretty slow about giving the people information of simple things as weather balloons and satellites, whose course seem to raise grave doubts in my mind as to their ability to do their jobs. For example, if would have to find out that an object which was seen, but not identified a week later, and not blown up an a missile, why does anyone assume it was a missile in the first place.
Why does it take so long to inform the people as to the origin and identity of an object, when the information should have been known and ready to release an soon as any questions arose?
If there is any knowledge of the origin of the unexplained  