The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Ohio Legislative Service Commission regarding Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OHIO LEGISLATIVE SERVICE COMMISSION
SENATE MEMBERS    HOUSE MEMBERS
Theodore M. Gray, Chairman    A. G. Lancione, Vice-Chairman
Anthony O. Calabrese    Frawik W. King
Charles A. Curry    Richard H. McBride
Ed Garrison    Charles W. Whalen, Jr.
September 16, 1966

Project Blue-Book
Project Officer
5th Air Force Base
Fairborn, Ohio 45324

Dear Sir:

At noon on September 13, 1966, my wife was cutting grass in the yard with our power mower. (She was over-cast.) My wife looked up in the direction in which she was backing the mower. (Toward the northwest) and thought she saw something dark, with some more clear light parts, which she could partially see or like something you might see through the periscope - the thing seemed to be revolving but appeared in the same place. Thinking she was seeing some kind of optical illusion she turned away - But as the dog barked and started to howl, she looked back again, and now the thing had moved to another spot. (Back, see 6) said he saw something black. As my wife looked at it, the thing disappeared.

Whether my wife may I would swear that something of substance was there, unknown to me. If the dog's reaction of which we are both fond, is indicative of the reality, as UFO sightings have turned up similar instances, I should appreciate any comments your agency may have made if you know anything about a similar pattern of observations in the area.

While I await your reply, I will consult my physician, my ophthalmologist, and my psychiatrist to see if they have any opinion. Actually, my wife is quite healthy and well-balanced and was quite reluctant to tell me of this experience at all, thinking I'd just laugh it off. I did, but now I wonder if we did see it would be wise to see.

Thanks you for your consideration.

Yours very truly,
Director

DAJ:MM

STATE HOUSE    COLUMBUS, OHIO 43215    Tel. 469-3615