The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a newspaper article from the Dayton Daily News discussing the idea of UFO saucers and whether they are real or not.

DAYTON DAILY NEWS
SOME DAY . . .

Saucers for Real?
That Would Bore Us
THE flying saucers seem to come
to earth and, after the excite-
ment wears off, there arises the
question, "What are we going
to do with the universe to keep
us entertained?"

Psychologists hold that
many of us believe in flying
saucers because we want to.
We can see that it is not
by considering what will
happen if they really land.

"The immediate reaction will
doubtless be, 'I'll be darned, they
can do it.' Then will come the
three TV networks will present
special features - as well as
"Batman" type largescale enter-
tainments. The newspapers will
telephone the networks no
complaain."

THERE WILL be a national
wave of discontentment when
the news openings and flashes to
diagnose either a tall slim man
with long reddish-blond hair or
a blond woman in a flying
saucer's suit swooping down and
landing. The likelihood is that
whenever the news breaks,
able to land missions on
earth from distant worlds
the psychological curiosities
of a country with 200 million
characters is remote.

When the saucer is opened,
it is more likely to contain a
man or a woman struggling
in the middle of something
utterly uninteresting. Great
build-up - nothing.

Now, while the visit from an-
other planet is a challenging

event to look forward to, the
real thing is almost certain to
be an anti-climax, psychologists
warn. It may prove more inter-
esting than cats or other
hands - of pets, but
nothing else.
After the first few landings,
the public will begin to find
the whole business dreesome.
There years ago, the possibility
that man would shortly get
travel in space thrilled and
unnerved the world. Today,
astronauts encountered in
space considered a serious
emergency. Television networks
interrupted favorite
TV programs to report what
was happening.

NOTHING PALLS
days" as rapidly as a miracle. 
After the first few saucer
arrivals, will ask, "What's
the idea of interrupting 'Be-
witch' to report another
saucer-load of morons?"

This is why the psychologists
say we do not want flying saucers to exist
because, once their existence is established, something else
will go out of life and
saucer"landing" will take
their place in the humdrum
of daily existence along with
the mundane and others. Lyndon B. Johnson, says the crash
of airliners and the billings-
gate of politics.

So long as they are merely
a possibility, it is possible
to entertain dreams about the
universe.
So long as they are merely
a possibility, it is possible
to entertain dreams about the 
Michael J. rennie aboard a the little alien beings with glass
globes around their heads. 

But once the phenomenon is established, something else
will go out of life and the "saucer landing" will take its place in the humdrum of daily existence, along with the mundane and others. Lyndon B. Johnson says the crash of airliners and the billings-gate of politics. So long as they are merely a possibility, it is possible to entertain dreams about the universe. So long as they are merely a possibility, it is possible to entertain dreams about the little alien beings with glass globes around their heads.