There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter discussing a UFO sighting that occurred on October 30, 1967 in Minnesota.

OCR Output:

ROJECT BLDEBOOK

CIE. !INNESGTA

252823

project blo ebook
o/oceate schneo'0g7 division of the Air Force Systens conman
wight-Parrecsn ir torce tiase
raycosnchie

Dear Sir: 

I know that you probably not believe me because of my age, but I saw a
UPC. Here are the facts:
A. Am/Day/Time of sightinc: October 30, 1967 at about 8:15 to 8:20 local
time/Minneapolie liinnesota. (The village of 
New Hope to be exact.)
Length of sighting: about I5 seconds.
Color: Bright yellow, so bright that it was almost white. 
Size: From approx. 1/4 the size of a small power line to approx. 1/10 the size of
the Full moon as seen by the normal observer. 
The number of people watching: the UFO was first by my son and daughter for about 6 months and I know that 
this wasn't a reguiar game or anything we 
made because I live only a short distanee 
from an airport and airplane traffic is con-
stant, and in the sky grade. We all live on the same
street.
What we can't exactly say is because we were a short distence away from
the place, but the sound about 2 inches in diameter. There was a
slight confusion in the location and no sound could be heard.
but that night became a discussion of the distance. 
Just like a first noticed it as we were watching the planes come in
for their regular evening landing. It was a bright light, much bigger
than a plane light. As it came close, the light dimmed somewnat but
still remain bright. It was plain to see that it was not a plane,
helicopter or anything we had ever seen before. As it came closer, the
thing as low as seding seemed to be going along, the power if
there, it did not want anything it went along. When the power if
gone, it just stood there, we any that it wasn't a plane, what to do,
land or takeoff, it just stood there for a while and then it just took
off toward the west and disappeared in a matter of seconds. The lights
plane does not come in to the same pattern with the same light, you
know this. And the line was stronger, with the same light, you would
say that it was an airplane, but this was so different, the lights were
strorics of light like this:
We only the lights were clos, ..

I hope that if you can find the time, you can find
out what this was. If I still left you with a question - 
Very sincerely yours,