There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

UFD (TIGER) WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433 
22 JUNE 1966

Dear Mr.

I have your letter of June 17, 1966 regarding your observation of an unidentified flying object. I was not having written sooner, but my workload presently has been extremely heavy and I have not had the time for correspondence. I do appreciate your letter and I will try to answer as many of your questions as possible.

Your observation does not appear to be anything out of the ordinary. The tail section, elongated body, and the glow of the light or lights, are very common characteristics for a satellite. Satellites are fairly common and are visible from horizon to horizon, and this is from horizon to horizon. You also mentioned that the light was very brilliant, intermittent, and that it changed directions. This indication tends to rule out that this was a satellite. However, there are some satellites which have an erratic motion and this could be due to the angle of observation or some other factor.

I cannot accept for a fact that this was a spacecraft. There have been many reports from civilians, and I'm sure they are no more or less reliable than yourself. However, I must qualify this statement by saying that I have found that in most cases, these objects are not spacecraft. I'm sure that you will understand that the Air Force cannot divulge information concerning our own classified vehicles. Your report is the only one received for this date and location, indicating that it was probably a normal aerial vehicle or phenomenon.

Regarding your question of why it takes a week or so to inform an observer that he has made an observation, it is a good one. I would like to point out that this type of activity is so routine that it in no way indicates that we are not taking it seriously. When a report is received, it must be thoroughly checked and correlated with other observations. We must also notify our optical tracking operators, therefore we try to talk to the operator on duty at the time of the sighting. Reaching these people immediately after an observation is sometimes not possible due to the shifts in personnel.