The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Extracted text from the document:

The interrogation of subsidiary witnesses and running very necessary interference, making special expense to secure permission to see principals etc. I have resolved that in investigating future cases, if I do at all, I must have at least one dependable assistant who knows the ropes. Otherwise too much time is wasted in these mechanics.

Through the kindness of Prof. ____ of the Graduate School, University of Michigan, I made my headquarters at his home on March 29 and 30th. Mrs. ______ says freely of her time in every way, the phone, which seemed to ring incessantly to want to help where they could. And then _____ and ______ of the University of Michigan Faculty members (who prefer to remain anonymous) who were able to give me considerable physical solutions to the sightings.

It was a strange invitation that eleven members of the University of Michigan astronomy department gave to me at Dean Miller's home to discuss the sightings and other things as well.

It is virtually impossible to describe the nature of the three objects as seen in the Ann Arbor neighborhood certainly would not wish to undergo another regression, fair enough, for their impact on my thinking and the mental images of the "facts" of the sightings and let the chips fall where they would.

(M: Take up Insert A at this point--it is page one of the original report.)

I should apologize for the lack of detail in the description of the objects. The reason was that there was little time for taking formal records. The next time I undertake an investigation of this nature, with proper records to assist as in getting valid cases, and assessments more accurately.

There was no physical evidence that I was ever able to determine. I fully intended to do what I could to distribute copies of my report to Headquarters so that they would have something tangible if they needed it.

Now to the cases themselves: (M pick up Insert B) where are the papers? I've just reviewed the contents of the envelope and I find there's nothing here that corresponds to what you have asked me about. VanHorn report, have this? I probably have my maps at home if I didn't leave them with you.

Now continue with narrative--we'll call it Insert C.

After end of Insert C, continue with following: 
It is most unfortunate that none of the witnesses in the Dexter area were technically trained. It was impossible to get a true scientific appraisal of what they saw. There was no physical evidence to verify their statements. This is not to disparage the witnesses, for they certainly bore every appearance of honesty and truthfulness--they simply lacked the ability to describe accurately and technically. 

These were ordinary citizens, just as those at Dexter with the exception of Mr. ___ who is said to be technical trained. But even for him the words of accurate description failed him. Further, it is one of his training, background and experience that makes him so precise and careful in statements about what he sees. Yet even he was moved to go beyond the facts to conjecture and imagination about the "space ships" that he believes he saw.