The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on a UFO sighting.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFCIN-ECOPC)
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20330

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ROI

SUBJECT: UFO Sightings

TO: Air Force Systems Command
Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. In accordance with the provisions of AFR 200-2, the following report
on UFO sightings is submitted:

2. At 1930 on 12 April 1966, Miss Regina McFadden, 1838 N. 22nd Street,
Philadelphia, Penna., contacted the Security Office of this installation
and reported an sighting in flight over the North Philadelphia International Airport. Mrs. Curran, whose husband is a flight engineer, also
claims to have observed the object which did not be contacted
by this office for further details until the present date. When contacted, the provided the following information:

Shape - Circular
Size - Larger than the visual image of the sun
Color - Bright orange
Number - One
No radical or exhaust
No sound

3. The object appeared to hover just over the buildings while moving slowly
in a northerly direction, object observed at approximately 1:30 until
(1830 Philadelphia time). Object was maintained in sight for approxi-
mately ten minutes ... no further details are available from the individual:
Contacted. Mrs. Curran reported observing the object at the time of sighting and was accompanied by a sister and brother-in-law.

4. At 0345 hours on 12 April Mrs. Robert Curran, 7710 Fayette Street,
Philadelphia, Penna., a north member of the Philadelphia Report Center,
reported observing a bright orange object in the sky while traveling
direction along the line roughly from Willow Grove Naval Air Station to
Philadelphia International Airport. Mrs. Curran whose husband is a flight 
engineer, stated that the object dropped suddenly in a spotlight just 
was definitely not one. She stated that she was awakened by a very dis-
turbing noise and observed the object which seemed to have a red light in