UFO 'Joke' Launched by Rice U. Students

[PHOTOGRAPH: Black and white newspaper photo showing seven Rice freshman engineering students with a balloon-based device. The device has "APOLLO" written on it and consists of two balloons about 5 feet in diameter, carrying a wood and aluminum frame about 8 feet in diameter and covered with shiny aluminum foil. The photo credit reads "Photo by Jack Amerine, Chronicle Staff"]

Seven Rice freshman engineering students who shocked southwest Houston Friday night by launching a balloon toured the Manned Spacecraft Center here Saturday. Here Bob Vanzant of Houston, third from left, the "brains" of the balloon caper, looks at a Module. From left are David Beakman, Dickinson; James DePitis, Alva Loma, Vanzant; Beau Jon Sackett, Houston; Harold Magnus, Port Arthur; Mike McFarland, West Palm Beach, Fla., and Dwayne Huckaby and John Treibsler, Calumet City, Ill.

The "unidentified flying object" that excited Southwest Houston area residents Friday night was two weather balloons rigged with railroad flares and an aluminum foil reflector.

The device was put together in the room of Robert Vanzant, 19, an engineering freshman at Rice University. Vanzant said he and five other students sent the "UFO" aloft as a joke.

"It was really a great feeling when it lifted off the ground. We think it came off as a pretty good joke," Vanzant said.

He said the device consisted of two balloons about 5 feet in diameter, carrying a wood and aluminum frame about 8 feet in diameter and covered with shiny aluminum foil.

He said the hydrogen-filled balloons should have climbed to a height of "several thousand feet" after the railroad flares burned out.

"It should have gone high enough that the balloons burst from inside pressure," he said.

Vanzant said he was assisted by freshmen engineering students Mike McFarland, Beau Jon Sackett, David Beakman, James DePitis, Harold Magnus, Dewayne Huckaby and John Treibsler.

Switchboards of police, newspapers, and radio and television stations were flooded with calls about a UFO sighted shortly after 10 p.m. Friday by residents and motorists near the Shepherd Drive-Southwest Freeway area.