The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and answers.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? The object was travelling at a high rate of speed, apparently a little more than normal aircraft in the area.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Between 3 and 5 miles ahead of my vehicle

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
1. Inside a building
2. In a car 
3. Outdoors
4. In an airplane (type)
5. At sea
6. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 35 mph

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses (Yes) No
c. Windshield (Yes) No
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars (Yes) No
f. Telescope (Yes) No
g. Other: By looking out the open window of my car

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
The object appeared as a bright light with a shimmering tail, traveling at a high rate of speed compared to normal aircraft in the area. It was difficult to determine the exact size or shape of the object due to the distance and speed. However, it did not appear to be a typical aircraft or known celestial object.