There is no photograph present in the provided image. This appears to be a page from a document or report containing text.

are evanescent, burning here for a moment or so, going out, and appearing some feet or yards away as another plume of gas spontaneously ignites.  This sporadic lighting is generally soundless, although sometimes a "popping" noise is observed (This may be the origin of the "ricochet sound" Mr. Mannor reported).  The illusion of motion can easily be given by the sporadic appearance of a wisp of light here, and then there. 

The lights have never been described as truly bright.  They would be visible best to dark-adapted eyes on a clear dark night and also on a night which there was no high wind (which would quickly dissipate the gas as it bubbled up from underneath).

It appears to me that many of the conditions for the appearance of swamp lights were satisfied at both Dexter and Hillsdale.  I can't state with any certainty that this is the correct solution to the problem; merely that it is the most likely cause.  I would of course, appreciate learning of other possible natural causes should they be forthcoming.  We can, I believe, completely eliminate any solution based on aircraft, balloons, birds, meteors, stars, etc. because they simply do not fit the consistent data reported to me.

In putting forth the swamp gas explanation of the major Michigan sightings I am aware that it is open to several objects:  We do not know whether swamp lights ever appear at the near freezing temperatures that obtained in those areas at the time.  If these were swamp lights, one may well ask why they have not been seen in those localities before.  One may also ask why not at other swamp areas in Michigan instead of just these two?  I am also concerned that the Michigan sightings bear a slight resemblance to other UFO sightings in which swamp areas do not figure.  I am also concerned that I had to neglect the peripheral evidence of the few people who said that they thought an object had