There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

Transcribed text from the document:

Marion, Indiana
40632.

July 26, 1966.

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr., U. S. A. F.
Chief, Project Blue Book 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Sir:

It was Friday night, June 17, 1966, in Indiana, and headed northwest from Columbus, Indiana. My wife and I decided to go to Indianapolis, on our way we turned onto state route 46 to go to Indiana.

Approximately eight or nine miles north of Vernon, on state route 46, I spotted a brilliant flashes of light in the distance. It appeared to come from somewhere low behind the trees. The flashes of light made such a stir, that I slowed the car down to get a better look. As I got closer, the flashes of light got brighter and brighter. When I got within about a quarter of a mile, I could actually see the object. It was hovering or suspended by itself about 30 feet above the ground. It was brilliantly lighted and seemed to be about 30 feet in diameter. It appeared to have a double deck or double shell, and the inner shell was revolving around the outer shell. The outer shell was completely smooth and the inner shell had what appeared to be portholes or windows around it. The object was perfectly still and silent, and we could see it very clearly. 

After turning right on to state route 46, the object followed us for about two miles before it seemed to drop behind the trees. We drove to Indianapolis and I immediately called the control tower at Hulman Field in Terre Haute, Indiana, to report the incident. I was told that no other reports had been received, and that a dual highway patrolman would be notified.

Just north of Columbus, we had become aware of a dual airplane and believe it may have been looking for the object we saw. The front of the plane had a flashing red light and it was looking up and down as it flew down the highway in front of us. The plane was extremely low and was flying very slowly, and the wings were pulsating up and down in a rhythmic motion. It seemed that they were looking for something, and I remarked to my wife that they must be looking for the object we had seen. The stars were unusually still, and I remarked to my wife that I had never seen the stars so still before, and I wondered if they could be affected in some way by the object we had seen.

When we reached Indianapolis, I immediately called the control tower at Hulman Field in Terre Haute, Indiana, to report the incident. I was told that no other reports had been received, and that a dual highway patrolman would be notified.

It seemed that the object no more than swooped right over the top of our car. It was in the front and back over the highway in front of us. It was very large, and looked ridiculous and perhaps dark in color. It seemed to be only about 30 feet above the car. It just went over us like a silent ghost, and we were somewhat amazed and mystified. When it went over, the light from the object lit up the inside of the car, and my wife said it made the car vibrate slightly. It was looking as though someone had turned on the car's interior lights. It seemed to go down over the opposite lane of the highway in front of us and dropped back over the trees. It was very large, and looked ridiculous and perhaps dark in color.

We continued on to Indianapolis and I was quite upset and disturbed when we arrived. It was very large, and looked ridiculous and perhaps dark in color. I again called the control tower at Hulman Field in Terre Haute, Indiana, to report the incident. I was told that no other reports had been received, and that a dual highway patrolman would be notified.