The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 520 mph
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5 miles
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoor d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? 55 miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyes Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Binoculars Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Windshield No Yes f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

It appears the document is a questionnaire filled out by a witness who reported seeing a UFO. The responses indicate that the witness estimated the object's speed as 520 mph and its distance as 5 miles. The witness was located outdoors and was not moving in a vehicle at the time of the sighting. The witness observed the object using their eyes, as well as through binoculars and a telescope, but not through sunglasses, a windshield, or other optical devices. Finally, the witness was asked to describe the object in their own words, comparing it to a common object that would have a similar appearance.