The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing the evaluation of UFO reports and sightings. The text describes how UFO reports are categorized as either "Insufficient Data" or "Unidentified", and discusses the role of the analyst in evaluating these sightings. The document also mentions a "flurry of sightings" throughout the United States following Arnold's observation of several disc-shaped objects.

Balloons -- evaluations are made on the basis of description and flight characteristics. Essential performance elements are delimited for various (low level) balloons, upper research balloons, other research balloons (e.g., pilot, cluster, rrALA), and miscellaneous (toy, not). 

Astronomical sightings -- bright stars, planets, comets, fireballs, clusters, Aurora streams, etc. 
Satellites -- evaluation will be based on four elements of data: time of sighting, description of orbit, direction of flight, and duration of sighting.
Other missiles, reflections, mirages, searchlights, birds, aircraft, and meteorological phenomena.

Those UFO reports which are not relegated to one of the "Identified" categories (above) are designated either under "Insufficient Data" or as "Unidentified". Reports categorized as "Insufficient Data" lack one or more elements of critical information; every effort is made to obtain this data in order to perform a meaningful analysis.

A sighting is considered to be "Unidentified" when "a report apparently containing all pertinent data necessary to suggest a valid hypothesis concerning the cause or explanation of the report but the description of the object or its motion cannot be correlated with any known object or phenomenon."

The attempted identification of the phenomena observed is generally derived from human impressions and interpretations and not from scientific devices or measurements.

As the result of the flurry of sightings throughout the United States following Arnold's observation of several disc-shaped objects, a letter...