The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

Was the object self-luminous?
Self-luminous?
Reflecting?
Transparent?

Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Tell the speed at which the object(s) were observed, with the fullest detail.
Pinhead
Nickel
Half Dollar
Orange
Grapefruit

Or, if smaller, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

How did you happen to notice the object(s)? What direction was it when first seen, and what was its apparent motion?
Was away from home, working at night. Noticed it, going across sky S to NW along tree tops and near hills in the distance.

How did the object(s) disappear from view? Compare the speed at which the object(s) appeared and disappeared.
Disappeared over the horizon by going in the same apparent altitude.

Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate.
None

Please estimate the distance of the object(s).
Unable to determine

What were the directions of the object(s) in the sky?
From right to left across sky, horizontal. Moved towards horizon.

Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.
Thomas Friel, a neighbor, was also watching

Please draw a map of the location of the object(s), the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view, the direction in which the object(s) was or were moving, roads, villages, railroads, and other landmarks in the vicinity.
(Drawing provided)

Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area?
Fall River

Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
None

State, if possible, regarding this or similar observations or any other background material: We will require the materials to be submitted by you. This case will be investigated further, and you may be contacted again when the investigation is complete. Should you have any additional information or official orders mentioned, please elaborate carefully here.
None

You may use my name. 
Please keep my name confidential.

Date of filling and this report: April 2, 1966
Signature: Mary L. Camuell