The image provided does not contain any photograph or visual elements. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

most of the cases so listed are simply those in which
the information available does not provide an adequate
basis for analysis. In this connection it is important
also to note that no unidentified objects other than
those of an astronomical nature have ever been observed
during routine astronomical studies. In spite of the
large numbers of observing hours which have been devoted
to the sky. As examples of this the Palomar Observatory
Sky Atlas contains some 5000 plates made with large
instruments with wide field of view; the Harvard Meteor
Project of 1958-1959 provided some 3300 hours of
observation; the Smithsonian Visual Prairie Network
provided 2500 observing hours. Not a single unidentified object has been reported as appearing on
any of these plates or been sighted visually in all
these observations.

The Committee concluded that in the 19 years since the
first UFO sightings there has been no evidence that
unidentified flying objects are a threat to our national
security. Having arrived at this conclusion the
Committee then turned its attention to considering how
the Air Force should handle the scientific aspects of
these phenomena. The Committee considered these aerial
Air Force public relations, in which the conclusions
which follow are made simply from the scientific point
of view.

III. CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS

It is the opinion of the Committee that the present
Air Force program dealing with UFO sightings has been
well organized, although the resources assigned to it
(only one officer, a sergeant, and secretary) have
been quite limited. In 19 years and more than 10,000
sightings recorded and classified, there appears to be
no verified and fully satisfactory evidence of any
case that is clearly outside the framework of presently

2