There is no photograph present in the image shared. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text on the document is as follows:

UFO Sightings
Dec. 29, 1966

Objects sighted at 8:30 P.M. by (redacted) and 7 other people: see separate statement: at 9:00 by (redacted) and wife and 7 other people, and at 11:10 by (redacted) and wife.

Objects moved from N to S. All objects brilliant orange color. The three objects seen by Peters, maneuvered, changed direction, and appeared to move objects flew together and were overtaken by third object. Then objects dropped sparks, and flickered and disappeared. Appeared as brilliant orange balls.

Object at 9:00 traversed about 45°, N to S approximately and appeared as a lightning sharp, defined shape about 1/4 inch apparent length through binoculars. Was surrounded by orange aura about 4 times the size of object. Remained stationary for several minutes, then three "sparks" flashed from it, orange light, flickered, and disappeared about 10° N of Zenith. Visible about 5 minutes.

Object at 10:50 appeared in NW sky about 15° above horizon, moved South. Was leisurely brilliantly split into two, unequal objects and disappeared. Visible about 1 1/2 minutes.

Object at 11:10 appeared in NW sky about 30° above horizon, moving South. Followed curved path toward SE. Extremely brilliant orange. Started to fade to yellow and divided into two distinct objects. Faded rapidly, and suddenly, reversed direction, became bright yellow, accelerated to meteoric velocity, and disappeared behind house across acres. Visible about 5 minutes.

*These "sparks" were dropped one at a time. The first one fell a long way, 15° or 20°. The second and third ones fell shorter distance, but were still visible when object started to disappear. Motion of object was very slow - slower than Echo satellites. Object was brighter than Jupiter, which was in center sky, even through binoculars color.

The object changed direction a few degrees several times.