The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6 Galo6er 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation: I noted in the Case Opertion (Case 23) that the time of this observation was about 7:00 PM on 6 July 1966. The first impression was that it was a large aircraft flying low over the neighborhood. However, as the object approached closer, it was observed that it was much larger than any aircraft and was definitely not an aircraft, but a strange craft which defied explanation. It was first sighted over the northwest, flying in a north to south direction at an estimated elevation of 500 to 1000 feet above the ground. As it approached, it appeared to be slightly tilted, rocking back and forth, and emitting a low pitched humming sound. The craft was approximately 20 to 25 feet in diameter and about 12 to 15 feet thick through the center. It was surrounded by a dull glow, with the underside and edges of the craft lit up much brighter than the center. As the craft passed directly overhead, it was observed that the bright glow appeared to be coming from the underside only, with the top surface remaining dark. After passing overhead, the object made a sharp turn to the east and continued on its course at about the same elevation and speed. I could not detect any wings, propellers, or visible means of propulsion. There were no running lights or any other identification markings on the craft. The entire observation lasted approximately 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. I decided that it was definitely not any type of known aircraft and could only be described as a UFO. I feel that this sighting was of great importance and significance, and I am convinced that the object was real and not an illusion or hallucination. (Every relevant)