There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

Major H. Quintanilla Jr.
Foreign Technology Division
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

Last evening, March 31, 1966, between 8:30 and 9:00 p.m., I happened to go out of my house and noticed what an unusually clear and beautiful night it was. As I looked up, I noticed an airplane traveling west at a high altitude. As I watched this plane pass under the constellation Gemini, I noticed what I had previously thought to be an extremely bright star in the northwest, begin to move. It appeared to be many times higher than the plane. I called it to the attention of my husband, and both he and my 8 year old daughter saw it. We determined it must have been a satellite, as it was very high and brilliant. As it continued to move, my husband and daughter went into the house, and I continued to watch the object move constantly in a southerly direction for approximately 10 to 15 minutes. 

At 8:45 p.m. "as near as I can reckon", as I said another satellite I had seen to travel at the same altitude. The farther away it moved, the closer to the earth it appeared to travel in an arc. This puzzled me, so I tried to find out if there were any satellites scheduled to appear over our area. I looked in the newspapers to no avail. Finally I called the Asbury Park Press, and spoke with the weather department. I asked if any satellites had been scheduled, and was told there were none. The person I spoke with also told me that the State Police had received a number of calls concerning the object from various observers, which is about all I know.

I do not know what this object was, and will not make any statements to the effect of "possible", "probable", or the like, since the sudden rush of "positive identification" in the press lately has left me a little foolish, since the sudden rush or "positive identification" in the press lately has left me a little foolish. I do not know what this object was.