The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

No Case Units MIS G Casev,
SAFOLOGIC/Capt. Cassei/Jad/79079/21 Feb 67
Dear Mr. ------
Your letter of November 14, 1966 to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
concerning the observations made by this office for reply.
I honestlv believe that individuals must witness an unusual phenomenon
or clearly see objects that could not be explained to report the observations,
However, one must be extremely careful in accepting claims that relate
to the U.F.O. problem; this is a major source of misconception that has plagued the
public for many years. This is because some news media often
incites the public to make claims that are not supported by fact.
Moreover, from our experience, many of the sightings reported to us
of by many persons in these fields, none of whom have challenged Air Force
procedures and policies instituted in them, the more prosaic explanations-proven
vehicles, however, have not chosen to review our files.
It seems to me that persons that proposed that more detailed studies
are needed are the only information on which to base a scientific study
and an analysis of the scientific or intelligence value of a phenomenon should
be preceded by a complete study of the circumstances surrounding the case.
This requires the collection of all relevant scientific and technological data that could be channeled to research and
analysts for further needed utilization, in order to determine the nature
of the occurrences. Only a comprehensive, impartial study of the
Air Force that our plans is being visited by extraterrestrial vehicles.
In according to your observations, the basis of time involved before
reporting the sightings to the Air Force precludes a comprehensive evaluation. The information will most certainly be added to the present data being
assimilated.
Thank you for reporting your observations to the Air Force. I hope
you find this indicated material interesting.
Sincerely,
GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Attachments: (Sn/Supp/Wmsburg/Mt Airy/Socorro/Cherry Creek/Damon/
Exeter/Temple/Presque Isle)
Stevens Point, Wisconsin 54481
COORDINATED BY: