The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MEMORANDUM FOR MILITARY DIRECTOR, SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD 
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs)

In response to its air defense role, the Air Force has the responsibility for the investigation of unidentified flying objects reported over the United States. The name of this project is Blue Book (Attachment 1). Procedures for conducting this program are established by Air Force Regulation 80-17 (Attachment 2).

The Air Force has conducted Project Blue Book since 1948. As of 30 June 1965, a total of 9,267 reports had been investigated by the Air Force. Of these 9,267 reports, 663 cannot be explained. 

It has been determined by the Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff/ Plans and Operations that Project Blue Book is a worthwhile program which has the support of the Air Staff, major commands and other agencies and that the Air Force should continue to devote the necessary resources to investigate and analyze unidentified flying objects do not present a threat to our national security. The Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff/Plans and Operations has determined also that the Foreign Technology Division (FTD) at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base should continue to exercise its present responsibilities concerning UFOs.

To date, the Air Force has found no evidence that any of the UFO reports reflect a threat to our national security. However, many of the reports that cannot be explained have come from intelligent and technically well qualified individuals whose integrity cannot be doubted. In addition, the reports received officially by the Air Force include only a fraction of the spectacular reports which are publicized by many private UFO organizations.

Accordingly, it is requested that a working scientific panel composed of both physical and social scientists be organized to review Project Blue Book -- its resources, methods, and findings -- and to advise the Air Force as to any improvements that should be made in the program. This scientific panel should be assigned responsibility.