There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically the 1966-03-8671584-SOUTHERNMICHIGAN.pdf37.txt file.

Here is the text from the document:

science teachers who certainly should have been alerted and their opinions and observations solicited. Also, while we could hardly expect Mr. to have a camera ready, certainly the phenomenon did interfere with a good deal of his activity, so that he could have made a camera in action and obtained a time exposure of the light. So now let us look at the eminently case:

Mr: Now Insert D here.

In Hilladale Mr.           was clearly the best observer as far as technical background. Yet his testimony was concered, yet this knowledge of physics is not good. After I had gotten back to Ann Arbor we had a few more phone talks, and at one time he called me and wanted to inform me that he was seeing ligthts near the horizon and that these were moving slowly and that there might be binoculars the articulate lines, so perhaps the stellar display had been caused by effects of atmosphere.

refraction of starlight into a small spectrum, and at also struck me that this seems to be a man who becomes enamored with an idea and tends to lose objectivity in favor of the idea. We indicated considerable amounts in approximated all his calculations and measurements but did not accept them as fully valid.

Mr: Now put in Insert B

In putting forth the swamp gas explanation of the major Michigan sightings - I am sure that it is open to several objections. I do not know whether sightings such as the ones which occurred at Milan, Michigan and some others were swamp lights, or what they were. It may well ask why they have not been seen in those localities before. One may also ask why no other swamp lights have been observed in Michigan instead of just these two. I am also concerned that the Michigan sightings bear a general resemblance to physical phenomena which has been described as the evidence of the few people who said that they thought an object had been present. This present on the other hand, no convincing of consultant evidence was presented that any object had been seen, either as either to leave an away impression on the observers' minds. In both cases, one is still left with some residual doubt as to what was the logical explanation for the majority opinion as to what was sighted. 

In any case, I wish that a press conference had not been necessary, or, if necessary that it had been handled more expertly and adroitly. I have little to say other then the contradictory about the press opinion offered at a conference at Hilladale, and displayed no knowledge of how a press conference should be handled.

M: Now Insert F please.

In conclusion, it is my uncomfortable that so much press and public attention was paid to the Michgian settings which, as far as the UFO report go, do not compare in sub many the other. It is conceivable that this may have led many in the public to believe that thing unusual or extraordinary has been proven in this case. But I have considerable doubt that this was so. There was a possible physical explanation, fairly obvious, has not been properly to the public.