The image does not contain any photograph or other visual elements. It appears to be a filled-out report form from the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) regarding an unidentified flying object sighting.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by civilian research organizations, and additional questions in which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusions of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine, or in another publication. Your assistance is greatly appreciated. Thank you.

1. Place of Employment: [REDACTED]
2. Occupation: [REDACTED]
3. Education: [REDACTED]
4. Special Training: 3 yr. Art school
5. Date of Observation: 4/7/66
6. Locality of Observation: [REDACTED]
7. Time: 10:00 AM
8. How long did you see the object? 3-6 Minutes Seconds
9. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky: very clear night
10. Position of Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: ...
11. If the object had color, or appeared metallic, give details: bright light, seemed to stand still
12. Were there more than one object? If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating detail: no
13. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light, was it revolving, etc.: bright light
14. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? yes
15. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc.: very bright
16. Did the object(s) appear to stand still at any time?: yes
17. What was the shape of the object(s)?: bright light
18. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind, anything?: no
19. Was there any recognizable trail, cloud, or exhaust behind the object(s)?: no