There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

OCR Text output:

JACK L. TERRY SIGHTING
(Civilian Band Radio Group)

Persons - Jack L. Terry, employee, Gen. Motors, Irvington, Ind. Age. 37, 
2115 N.E. 21st. Ave., Pompano Beach, Florida. Occupation - Chief Shift Engineer - 5 yrs. 
Assn. A. Civilian Band Radio Group - 13 members. 
Date: 10-7-66 
Time: 19:45 ES'I'
Location: Intersection of Rt. 79 & Rt. 34 Lincroft, New Jersey
(Conservative) sightings.

Data of Sighting: On 10-7-66 Terry and 13 members of his Civilian Band Radio Group were on a break in their regular operations. Terry reports they observed a very large glowing, brightly lit object approach from the S.E. at high speed. Object passed directly overhead at high speed, changed direction to the N.E. and departed at high speed. Object was clearly defined, had no wings, tail, jets or propulsion system visible. It was a solid glowing, possibly rotating object. The light emitted was strong enough to light up the surrounding countryside and vehicles as it passed overhead. Duration was 2 1/2 minutes.

Narrative: The sightings are wife and children were located on Rt. 79 near Lincroft, N.J. at 19:45 EST. They were simply out for a ride and their car radio was on. Some 13 members of the Citizen Band Radio Group, including Jack L. Terry, were monitoring their handheld radios in this same general area of the intersection of Rt. 79 & 34. Suddenly, the entire group observed a very large, brilliantly lighted object approaching from the S.E. at high speed.

The object passed directly overhead at a high rate of speed. The light was so brilliant that the surrounding trees, automobile, and countryside below were clearly illuminated. The object itself had no visible wings, tail, jets or other form of propulsion system. It appeared to be a solid, glowing, possibly rotating structure. 

As the object passed overhead, it changed direction sharply to the N.E. and departed at high speed. The total duration of the sighting was approximately 2 1/2 minutes.

Jack Terry states that this was the most dramatic and best sighting he has ever had. He has had numerous other sightings over the years, but this one was outstanding in its clarity, duration and close proximity. Several other witnesses in the area also observed the same object.

"Finally, it looked like a very other-worldly craft and was lost in the western sky. Then it was gone."