There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

RUSH COUNTY SIGHTING
Cris Miller, age 14, Little Charm Motel, 1133 Dunville, Ind. phone 93, Dates: Thurs. Oct 6, 1966 at 7:15 PM (EDT). (Sighting time was on legal clock time.)
Location: Near Little Charm Motel just north of Dunville on state Hwy 53. Sky conditions: Clear, crisp night, little light in east where sun had set. 
Narrative: Cris noticed object at 20 degrees elevation due east, a dirty yellow color, brighter than the moon and about half the size of the moon. It faded and rose in the sky. He saw very very slow in flight. Seemed to go back and forth with a see-saw motion up and down. Watched across road 3 from motel and grass could be seen clearly. At this time the two lights were so bright that viewers eyes momentarily. The object seemed to have a vivid white light in center going on and off rhythmically like a pulsing beacon. As it moved to left to a vacant corner. At this time the two lights were so bright that viewers eyes were blinded momentarily. This object was reported to have traveled north of the viewers line of sight still behind roof of motel. An angle of 55 or 60 degrees elevation, the two white lights disappeared and a dazzling light appeared with a wide central beam much brighter than the original lights in length. Bright red light were visible at intervals all around the object. There lights pulsed in sequence. A circle of lights was not seen, but 55 to 60 degrees elevation, This distant object pulsed or seemed to flutter with a rapid vibration. In the top of the object were observed to be a large cone shape which contained flashing white lights. No sound was heard and this persisted the viewers. The object finally seemed to tilt and disappear behind trees off to the right. It was found that an irregular case the source was not picked up until beyond the horizon. This may be why he did not hear any sound. When he returned the object was gone. He call this.
They did not arrive.