There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten response to a questionnaire.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7-25-1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

To begin with I would like to state that I have kept some interest in things related to UFO's for a long time. I have read various books and articles on the subject and have, as far as I can, followed developments in this field. I have seen various reports and explanations of sightings over the years. However, I have never before had a personal experience of this kind and have always tended to approach the whole subject with a certain amount of skepticism. I do not consider myself an expert or authority on the subject, but I do feel that I can give a fairly accurate and detailed account of what I saw and the circumstances surrounding it.

On the evening of July 21, 1966, at approximately 8:00 p.m., I was walking home alone from a friend's house about three blocks away. The weather was clear, the sky was bright, and there was just enough light to see quite well. As I was walking along, looking ahead as I walked, I suddenly became aware of a peculiar flashing light in the eastern sky. At first I thought it might be an airplane, but as I continued watching it, I realized that it was not moving in a normal manner. It seemed to be holding a fixed position, and the flashing light, which was very bright and intense, appeared to be flashing at irregular intervals. 

After observing it for perhaps a minute or so, I became increasingly puzzled and intrigued by it, and I stopped walking to watch it more closely. The object continued to maintain its fixed position, and the flashing light remained intense and irregular. I watched it for possibly another minute or two, during which time the flashing seemed to increase in frequency somewhat. Then, quite suddenly, the object began to move rapidly upward at an angle, the flashing light becoming progressively dimmer as it went. Within a matter of seconds it had disappeared from sight, the light having faded completely.

I was quite amazed and puzzled by what I had seen, as it was entirely unlike anything I had ever witnessed before. I hurried home and told my wife what I had seen, and she seemed just as puzzled and intrigued by it as I was. I have racked my brain trying to come up with a rational, conventional explanation, but I have been unable to do so. The object's fixed position, irregular flashing, and rapid, angled ascent simply do not fit any explanation I can think of in terms of known aircraft, natural phenomena, or anything else.

I am submitting this report in the hope that it may be of some interest or assistance in furthering the study and understanding of UFO phenomena. I would be most interested in learning if others in the area may have observed the same or a similar object at the same time. I have given this incident a great deal of thought, and I can assure you that I am reporting exactly what I saw, to the best of my recollection, without embellishment or exaggeration of any kind.