The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
North 7-9434
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation of the report. After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in the regularly issued supplements to our Periodical Bulletin. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional space for your answers, please use the reverse side of this page.

1. Name Gene K. Maine
Address 24 Main Manchester Ave
SOMERSET MASS.
Telephone 02574 0796

3. Locality of Observation Somerset Mass.
4. How long did you see the object? 5-15 Seconds
5. Describe weather conditions and the type of sky: clear, cloudy, night, day, twilight, lightning, etc. Clear night, stars visible

7. Were there more than one object? No If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating a

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light, was it revolving, etc? Round illuminated object, white or yellow, no rotation.
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? Yes
11. If so, compare it with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. Brighter than stars, not as bright as Moon.
12. Did the object(s) -
a. Move in a straight line? Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Seem to stop and stand still at any time?
d. Leave any visible trail? No
e. Drop anything? No
f. Change color? No
g. Break up or explode? No

13. Did the object(s) appear to be in front of, or behind anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible.

14. Was there any wind? No If so, please give direction and speed.

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? No What kind?

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) - flight