There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a project blue book report or document.

UFO SUMMARY (Haverhil, Mass. 3/28/55)

1) Russell Conway impressed me with his clear concise manner of reporting this sighting and that he would not under any circumstances attempt to embellish or exaggerate what he saw.

2) "He was driving in his car and observed the UFO for some time and considered it was definitely not an aircraft or military device. He just passed it off as something quite unusual as he had never seen anything like it before."

3) "It was about the size of a good size house, elongated in shape and glowed with a bright light emission around the entire periphery. No sound was emitted."

4) "The object hovered about 1,000 feet in the air for several minutes and then suddenly shot off at a tremendously high rate of speed straight up into the sky. He just stood and watched it go as fast as it appeared."

SIGHTING EVALUATION -
1) Weather does not seem to be a factor in this sighting.
2) Astronomical objects can be dismissed as inapplicable.
3) The family is reasonably familiar with aircraft, both military and commercial.
4) Russell Conway's story is fairly consistent and has no obvious discrepancies.
5) It would seem that Mrs. Conway's sketch and more detailed examination is desirable to further develop the case.

a. Her observation of the object was of a greater magnitude.
b. Her son [Russell] could not substantiate her account and supporting evidence.

c. The issue of Life Magazine containing the sketch had appeared, but according to the editor, she had drawn and it was in the file cabinet. 

Taking into account all the above testimony and given the unlimited nature of the objected observed in the initial report, the case is highly significant and merits further investigation.

CHAIRMAN'S NOTE
The object described here would fall into the class "Bluebird" (Aveyron, France' 2/21/66, Washington, D.C. - 7/20/52, Lebanon, O., 9/3/65 etc.). The object was seen by others and its flight characteristic verify an unidentified aerial vehicle of unusual nature.