The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a letter responding to a sighting report and subsequent photograph taken by the brother or an unidentified person. The letter discusses the examination of the submitted photograph, noting that it is impossible to determine whether the object was a result of a photographic process or a real object. The letter also mentions that the only probable explanation is that the object is a result of photographic processing, with the reflection of a light source being a potential cause. The letter is signed by Lt. Colonel Barrett B. Young from the Office of Information of the Civil Branch, Community Relations Division.

SAFOICC/Maj Rademacher/jad/79079/12 Jun 67
JUN 12 1967

Dear Mr. __,
Reference your recent correspondence concerning a sighting and subsequent photograph taken by your brother or an unidentified person (UFO).

The examination of the submitted photograph negated reconnalssance. The photograph stated that the object was photographed with a Polaroid camera, yet two small black dots appear on the frame border indicating that the original was a negative process. This was a result of it being impossible to determine whether the photograph was made from an original negative or whether the object was a real phenomenon. As a result, it is impossible to determine whether the photograph was made from an original negative or whether the object seen in it was something real. The fact that the object is a result of photo processing rather than an actual visual sighting precludes any attempt to size the object or determine its distance. The only probable explanation is that the object is a result of photographic processing, such as the reflection of a light source, and recording the reflection of a light source.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

BARRETT B. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF 
Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Attachment:
Two Prints

COORDINATED BY: SAFOICC