The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text, which I will proceed to transcribe as requested:

APPENDIX "A"
STATEMENT ON THE DEXTER AND HILLSDALE UFO SIGHTINGS, by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Scientific Consultant to Project Blue Book.

The Air Force has asked me to make a statement on my findings to date. This I am happy to do, provided it is clearly understood that my statement will refer to the two principal events as reported to me: the event near Dexter, Mich., on March 20, and a similar one at Hillsdale, Mich., on March 21. It does not cover the hundreds of unexplained reports as opposed to the thousands of explained cases made not only to Project Blue Book, but those from other countries, over the past several years, as described in recent books and articles. I have not investigated those—such as the one near Exeter, N.H. and those in the western states last year, nor the puzzling foreign cases, such as that at Cuemavaca, Mexico, last fall. I have recommended in my capacity as Scientific Consultant, that competent scientists carefully study such cases when evidence from responsible people appears to warrant such study. There may be much of potential value to science in such events. We know a very great deal more about the physical world in 1966, than we did in 1866—but, by the same token, the people in the year 2066 may regard us as very incomplete in our scientific knowledge. We must not in our haste to have answers, be Frederick Smiths.

If then, it is understood I am not making a blanket statement to cover the entire UFO phenomenon over the past 20 years in this and other countries, I am prepared to discuss the Dexter and Hillsdale sightings.

Now, in addition to these two specific cases, there has been a flood of other reports from this area, both before and after last Sunday and Monday, and I could not possibly have had the time to investigate all of these. I have had time, however, to determine that in Hillsdale, over and above the sincere and honest reporting by the young ladies at Hillsdale College of a very puzzling sighting, certain young men have played pranks with flares.