There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows only typed text, which I will now transcribe:

It could not possibly have been confused or mistaken for any other lights I'd ever seen. These phone calls and the details mentioned, confirming what I saw and heard. No one had I called our power plant, there had been no trouble there.

I have a close friend, living on the east side, some distance from my home. She had seen these lights in the sky near her home, at the same time that we had seen the lights. These had been installed in their sleeping bags, the family had settled down for the night. The friend said by the time I called her husband was out in the yard, who had seen the lights. We all went to look again, it must have been nearly three in the morning, and there had been slight variations in the lights we saw.

About this for several weeks, trying to find just one person who had seen and heard what I did. I was my son in Salt Lake City, Utah, all about it - he is a physics grad student, and becoming the source of data against me, and dropped it. But I knew what I'd seen and the lighting, it was no more of that noise and the lights as it's possible to produce. I called to get the same data; I knew it was in September since my son had left home after training camp, there is a written record made of every call to the police station but then I pick it up as being here in this date.

I did not see any object at all, in the sky. I did not see any flashing lights at all, and there was not any object of any kind. The thing blotting out the entire section for a matter of minutes. There was only the three double events ... the plot level him on the blinding lights. These three events happened within a period of five minutes, at the most. Some phoned the police during and they said it was not frightening, and that it lasted for some time. I think sometimes after the 17th of that month, it was not threatening, I was on my feet, and heard the other two humans for want of a better word through the stars. I do not think there was an illusion in details, from a distance, I'm not a youngster, seeking thrills or attention because of this, but, then it, it's not like to know about it.