There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing text only.

Marsh Gas and Chickenmar
Was it Martians or marsh gas? 
Northwestern University's J. Allen
Hynek, now a more nationally known astronomer than ever, disturbed many last week by saying that people who reported seeing flying saucers in Michigan probably saw marsh gas.
And what wasn't marsh gas wasn't Martians either, the astronomy department chairman said. Those unidentified flying objects were various contraptions rigged by humans as "pranks," said he.
Hynek, who serves as the U. S. Air
Force's authority on strange things seen in the sky, received more publicity for his unique interest during the past several days than in all the years he's spent looking through Dearborn Observatory's telescopes.
The things he called marsh gas or pranks were seen by many people in Michigan, including a Civil Defense official, several policemen, one newspaper reporter, a college dean, and a group of college coeds.
And they all thought surely they were watching contraptions driven by visitors from the planets which the United States and the U.S.S.R. both are attempting to study with their space vehicles.
It's hard to believe that what those folks up in Michigan saw — as well as what's been reported hovering in the skies of Georgia and other states across the nation — were all pranks and marsh gas. But it's equally difficult to argue with an authority as distinguished as Prof. Hynek.
We bet he doesn't believe in Chickenman either.

Boys and Men
Boys will be boys, and nothing proved
it better than the night late last quarter 
when the electric power disappeared from
north campus for about 80 minutes and
they enjoyed it.
They exploded fire crackers in the quadrangles, crashed bottles on sidewalks and
in the corridors of living units, lit waste
basket fires, put in false fire alarms, and
staged a premature panty raid. They also
removed a television and some other items
from residence hall lounge — a joke, it
was later reported.
Sometimes men ought to act like men.

Removing More Rules
Associated Women Students has proposed an extension of freshmen women's
hours for winter and spring quarters beginning in 1967:

The plan is another step in a path which AWS and other student groups at Northwestern are taking faster and faster to eliminate some of the artificial social rules and regulations at this university.

We trust Northwestern's women will be
wise enough to support the plan in their
living units, as they have supported partial hours and a junior key system earlier
this year.

And we hope the Council on Undergraduate Life will graduate itself out of its
unical shell it put in last quarter to approve the plan when presented with it
later this quarter.