The image appears to contain two photographs. The text describes the characteristics and details of the photographs, including information about the camera, lens, and exposure settings used to capture the images. However, the text does not identify or name any individuals depicted in the photographs.

The text output is as follows:

"air traffic density is so high in that area, however, that one could not rule out coincidence.

The third set of photographs is definitely a near. A Mr. ***, news photographer in ***, apparently saw and reported the object of 1800 - 1820, 30 October 1966. He sold three photographs to a local newspaper publisher, saying that they were pictures of what he saw. The pictures, however, are almost certainly time exposures of the moon. On one frame, star-trails appear, from which it is apparent that the elongated bright object purported to be the UFO was actually stationary with respect to the stars, having moved the same amount that the stars did. Two of the photographs are actually prints of the same negative, one having been printed for an almost black background. A house appearing in these two prints is about 200 yards ENE of *** location; the camera was pointing east, not overhead, north, or southwest where the object traveled.

The star-trails are 22 mm long on an 8 x 10 print; the image of the moon on the darker print is about 7 mm in diameter, assuming no great overexposure (which may not be the case at all). On this basis, the trails are about 1.5 degrees long. The moon being fairly close to zero declination, this leads to an exposure time of 6 minutes.

Mr. *** says he used a 4 x 5 camera with a 135 mm lens; the star trails on the negative would then have been 12 mm long, giving an angle of motion of the stars of about 11/135 radian, or 1°31', and an exposure time of 18 minutes. On this scale, however, the moon's diameter on the final print would be only 1.2 mm in diameter, which would not seem possible.

*NOTE: *** does not want his name used in connection with his UFO report."