The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings. The text in the document discusses the project's opinion that many sincere persons are deceived by conventional objects such as large research balloons, and that hundreds of well-qualified observers have reported unknown objects, flying singly or in formations, and maneuvering under intelligent control. The document also mentions the USAF's and Project Blue Book's position on UFO secrecy and their criticism of the official secrecy policy. There is no mention of any human faces or individuals in the text.

ALL UFOS --- There is no doubt that many sincere persons are deceived by conventional objects such as large research balloons, fireballs, bright planets. But hundreds of extremely well-qualified observers have reported unknown objects, flying singly or in formations, and maneuvering under intelligent control, which no conventional answers can explain. These "unknowns" (USAP term) show definite patterns of appearance, performance. The observers on record include pilots of all the Armed Services and all major airlines, FAA and military control tower operators and radarmen, missile and rocket trackers, government and civilian scientists' and engineers, and similarly competent and reliable witnesses in many foreign countries.

The USAP and Project Blue Book --- Our opinion that the U.S. Air Force has practiced excessive secrecy and has withheld significant UFO facts from the public is confirmed by members of the USAF (reserve or retired) on NICAP's Board of Governors and Panel of Technical Advisors. We have also documented the secrecy during our nine years of investigating and evaluating UFO reports. But our criticism is directed at the official secrecy policy, which may be set at a higher level. We realize that Project Blue Book and USAP (USAF) spokesmen are under orders to explain away UFO sightings and deny UFO reality.

Contactees --- We have investigated numerous claims of individuals who say they have taken trips in spaceships with noble beings from other planets. We have not found a single bit of evidence to back up any of these claims, but we have found frequent evidences of fraud. Because of their circus-like performances, they often have received excessive publicity, and their sensational statements tend to cover up serious facts and substantial reports from reputable persons.