The image shows a black-and-white photograph of a rural landscape. It appears to be a scene captured from a high vantage point, overlooking a snowy landscape with some houses or buildings in the foreground and a mountain range visible in the background. There are trees and power lines visible in the image.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Colorado Springs, Colorado 
3 March 1966

Subject: Unidentified Flying Object

1. At approximately 1400Z on 3 Mar 66, this office received a telephone call from Myron E. Cossette, Chief Security Officer, Consolidated Controls Corporation, Colorado Springs, Colo, requesting that representatives of this organization investigate a sighting of an unidentified flying object.

2. At approximately 1430Z, Lt. Robert M. Noe, Capt. Charles L. Mansmann and M/Sgt. Jesse W. Wilson responded to the call and proceeded to the Consolidated Controls Corporation plant located approximately 8 miles west of Colorado Springs on U.S. Highway 24. 

3. Upon arrival, Lt Noe and Capt Mansmann interviewed Mr. Cossette and several employees who had observed the UFO. The following information was obtained:

a. At approximately 1345Z on 3 Mar 66, Mr. Cossette and several employees were standing outside the plant building when they observed an unidentified flying object in the sky to the northwest.

b. The object was first observed at an estimated altitude of 10,000 feet and was moving in a westerly direction at an estimated speed of 100 mph.

c. The object was described as circular in shape, approximately 30 feet in diameter, and appeared to be metallic in color. No vapor trail or other distinguishing features were observed.

d. The object was observed for approximately 10 minutes before disappearing from view.

4. Mr. Cossette stated that he had been employed in the aerospace industry for the past 15 years and was familiar with various types of aircraft and missiles. He stated that the object he observed did not resemble any known aircraft or missile.

5. No other witnesses to the sighting were located. A search of the area failed to reveal any physical evidence of the presence of the object.

6. This report is submitted for your information.