FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
[handwritten: Roman like background night on III]

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight—pitch dark
d. Don't remember
[handwritten: III]

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Few clouds
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember
[handwritten: III III imagine clear light since stand out]

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
[handwritten: solid III III]
d. As a light
e. Don't remember
[handwritten: definite shape]

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
[handwritten: red III]
c. About the same
d. Don't know
[handwritten: bright red disc toward sun faded to aluminum like red excessionally bright]

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: [handwritten: I long-cigar shape-red sun to bright something under light of plan other place to sun-was very bright a some place moon or ground light high edge by large then star that bright III]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp or well defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question):
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[handwritten markings and annotations throughout, including "Yes", "No", "Don't know" options and various handwritten notes that are difficult to read with certainty]

[handwritten at bottom: I Then unknown like vapor light suspended upclose to III After got in it arose some looked west 4 large orange object vapor shoot east within 6 north]