There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

them, they thought, they wanted to get out as fast as they could.

One boy wanted to reverse, stop the car to continue watching, but the screams of the girls and the fear of the rest made them insist they get out of the place.

They noticed one light to the left of the other three which after about 15 minutes, moved straight toward them. It came close and stopped this is the object Alan saw.

They started for home - but the car motor frequently stalled momentarily and then started on its own. The engine went on and off, as if the ignition were being turned on and off. The radio was exceedingly full of static. The ignition key was not turned - car was started by pushing down accelerator - car would suddenly start chugging along again.

Finally, two things: about a mile or so down the road toward Denver they heard the others scream and Don Yell, "God, what's going on?". They saw a bright light, white, projected from above onto the road. The light on it appeared on the road was stronger and of a diameter equal to width of the road. The light appeared about fifty feet behind them and caught up with them in about two seconds. The beam seemed to come straight down - or thought it was a coherent beam. Alan said that he hastened looking for it in his rear view mirror but did not see it because, (his opinion) the light did not seem to reflect.

The rest of the trip was uneventful. Two or three of the group developed a sunlike marks on their necks and backs.

When they reported it they were at first regarded very lightly but at the Littleton Police Office, where they went immediately to report it, their story was fully regarded seriously because they had not been drinking (even beer had not been brought to the picnic) and were obviously seriously frightened.