The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO sighting.

Project Blue Book - 1966-04-7106780-RANTON-WASHINGTON.pdf3.txt

This is it......
Dedicated to the survivors of the "Deep Deep".
This is the story as my husband and myself know it and observed together. 
Both objects were very clear and very, very low. The only difference in our opinions due to perspective is that my husband thought the object was much larger than the airplane and I saw it as smaller, about 2/4 the size of the plane. There was a terrific noise, but only one motor noise from the airplane, as a very low flying airplane would emit. The airplane was an older type plane and as Mr. Nelson said much like an older C-47. (Newspaper said B-49)
It was OD color, illuminated by the lights of the other object, they were so close to each other we thought they were going to crash, we did hear metallic clanging together but whiter it was this object we do not know.  Neither object was jet propelled, they both flew as a low flying, slow flying airplane would fly. the airplane was like an old world war II bomber with big motors, a very heavy built airplane, not jet or streamlined such as our boeing models are.
The objectwas shaped round on the base, at least it appeared to be because of the lights, it had a beautiftjij silvery dome, so one man described, "almost like glass", it had huge lights, on the front green, on the back red and on the dome amber. It was beautiful and we will not say it was from outer space, it could have been made by us. It was rare and unusual but not impossible.  After this object disappeared from our view, two fast flying airplanes within minutes apart and low, flew in the same direction. There seemed to be many airplanes in the area afterwards and we are convinced that this airplane was so close to the object that they had to see it and what was in it, if there was, they just had to.
Afterwards, we heard a loud crashing noise and observed glowing light coming from the direction of the lake, which is one half mile from our home, this was very eerie, but could have been anything. It is this lake scene in which most people have observed these objects. The following night two of these objects appeared.