The image provided does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a written report or document. I will now perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image and provide the full transcription below:

THE GREAT FIREBALL of 1966 SEPTEMBER 17 A.M.S.R.C. 2591

On this date a remarkable fireball or bolide appeared at about 7:35 p.m. E.S.T. It was observed from as far west as Michigan and as far east as Pennsylvania. The fireball was exceptionally bright and impressive. It traversed the sky from west to east, and exploded while still high in the atmosphere. It gave off sparks and debris as it moved along its trajectory. The explosion was observed by hundreds of people from there the body was below the horizon. Its brilliancy was excessively great and it appeared to be falling to earth at a steep angle.

According to the information gathered, the fireball was observed from the states of Michigan, Ohio, and Pennsylvania, as well as from many parts of Ontario, Canada. Numerous reports were received from police, firemen, astronomers, naturalists, and other institutions, as well as from many private individuals. All who saw it were impressed with its brilliance, and some described it as brighter than the sun.

Many diagrams were made, showing the path and course of the fireball. However, when the azimuth lines were plotted on the usual regional charts for triangulation studies, they did not intersect at a common point. This would indicate that the data received was not entirely consistent, and that there were some variations in the reported observations.

Calculations were made from the data received, but because the various measurements were not complete, a fully satisfactory determination of the orbit and trajectory could not be obtained. It is estimated that the diameter of the fireball was approximately 6-8 feet, and that its height at the time of the explosion was about 30 miles. The duration of the fireball, from first appearance to final explosion, was from 15 to 20 seconds. The complete reports were serious. Had all the plotted paths been correct, even approximately, it would have been possible to determine the orbit and trajectory with a fair degree of accuracy. With the data available, however, it was not possible to arrive at definitive conclusions regarding the azimuth, elevations, and attitudes. Eventually the most probable sub-beginning point and sub-end point were fixed. The duration, direction, and other details were a series of reasonably close estimates, but not fully established facts.

The fireball was very brilliant. The mean of a numerical estimate is L = 6 x 10^6, another said 5 x 10^6, and still another gave 3 x 10^6 candle-power. Several observers mentioned that the fireball was brighter than the full moon. The color was described as bluish-white. The explosion was heard by 23. The duration given is very variable, the longest being 20 to 30 minutes, and the shortest from 15 to 20 seconds. The apparent size, as seen, ranged from that of a grapefruit to that of a basketball. The explosion was accompanied by a smoky or dusty trail, which at times appeared to be greenish. As said, this latter was so intense as to be seen superimposed on the daylight sky. It is a pity that more complete and consistent observations were not obtained.

Calculations indicate that the fireball travelled at a velocity of 33 km/sec, or 20.5 mi/sec. The entry angle was 22 degrees, and the length of the visible path was 423 km, or 263 mi. The height at the beginning was 141 + 27 km, and height at the end of the visible path was 27 km. The total kinetic energy released was approximately 1.5 x 10^14 ergs.

The fireball was very brilliant. The mean of a numerical estimate is L = 4.4 x 10^6 candle-power.

The time and location of the fireball are given as 1966 Sept. 17 7:35 p.m. E.S.T. The azimuth and elevation at the start point were approximately 284 degrees W. and 42 degrees N. At the explosion point, the azimuth was 294 degrees W. and the elevation was 26 degrees N.