There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The image shows a newspaper article with the headline "Submarine Shaped UFO reported" and the text of the article.

Submarine Shaped UFO reported
By VIRGINIA BROAD DECK
An unidentified flying object, (UFO), recently photographed by Jeanne Dixon of Silver Spring, Md., was seen two years ago by a Silver Spring woman, 308 Franklin Place, said she had seen a "submarine-shaped" unidentified flying object on Sept. 26, 1964. It seemed to match the description of a flying object Jeanne Dixon said she had seen.
Mrs. Hanson's visionary UFO, mentioned in her book, "The Gift of Prophecy," was supposedly a missile carrier of Russian origin.
Believing there was a connection between the two objects, Mrs. Hanson wrote to Mrs. Dixon, but she said she had not yet received a reply.
Of her own UFO sighting, Mrs. Hanson commented, "I'll never forget it."
She said the object came out of the sky with a "swishing" sound, she said, and flew about 400 feet high at a distance of 300 feet from where I was standing." It was distinctly illuminated on the sides of the UFO, Mrs. Hanson said, and sparks were emitted from the tail with a sizzling sound. The object had no wings and no wheels, she said, and resembled the front of a submarine or a spark plug. "It actually shoot the earth when it passed over," she described.
In addition to the flying submarine, Mrs. Hanson said she had spotted two other UFOs. The first sighting, she remarked, occurred eight years ago when she and her husband saw a broad beam of light following a definite course in the sky.
Viewing the object from the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the