The image contains a report from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a page from a UFO incident document. There is no photograph present in this image, only text.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

On July 25, 1966 at 0842 GMT I observed two objects close together and very bright, about 70 degrees above the horizon, bearing about 230 degrees from the my position. They appeared to become stationary. The one on the right moved toward a Northeasterly direction and increased in size, but the shape was not determinable at this point.

The size was considered to be about the size of a dime, considering usual stars to be about the size of a head of a pin. 

The color appeared to be whitish orange when together. Did not notice color changes until it reached a point about 20 degrees above the horizon, and at this point it appeared to become a reddish shade. Changes in color and also at this point it appeared to be larger.

There was no sound heard from the object. The object appeared to have disappeared behind a building.

The objects were in view for approximately one hour and twenty minutes. My observations were from the sound and observed with the unaided eye with occasional use of 7x35 binoculars.

I am specifically positive it was not a conventional aircraft within my present knowledge of aircraft operations.

Color changes were probably caused and not believed caused by atmospheric conditions.

On July 26, 1966 at 0738 GMT observed UFO approximately East of Station moving to North and Easterly and a shape similar to what was observed the night before, located about 20 degrees above horizon.

At 0832 GMT observed motion of UFO between two stars that were not moving. UFO moving Northward, did not note change of color.

On July 27, 1956 at 0340 GMT I observed, through binoculars, what appeared to be the same object seen about the same position on the previous night. Object was changing color which did not conform with adjacent stars. At about 0350 GM I lost sight of the object. This was regarded as being a satellite by approximately 12 to 15 people present at this time. First object remained visible until sunrise.

Air Traffic Control Specialist
Atlanta Flight Service Station