The image does not contain any photograph, only text.

Transcription of the text in the image:

FROM: Holly, Michigan 48442

On May 19, 1966 at 9:30 PM an object high in the sky. At first it looked like a falling star. I was looking through a telescope and the object was moving so fast I couldn't keep it in view.
It was coming down at an angle and then it had come quite a distance. It slowed down considerably. The way the lights of the object seemed to be pulsating, it seemed to me that it was some kind of a machine rather than just a light because of the pulsation and the way the light kept changing colors.
I got my binoculars and I could see the object quite distinctly. In my car I've got a 12 inch telescope and a pair of 7x50 binoculars. As I watched the object through the binoculars I could see that there was some kind of a dark shape around the lights. The object was down to the treetops and then it started rising again. And behind the object I could see several blue-green lights, as though they were antennas or something extending from the rear of the object.
At this time I turned on my camera and stepped the object moved upward. That could account for the fact that the pictures are a little blurry. When the object had reached about the same height that it started from it stopped the camera and the object moved upward.
When the picture was pulled from the camera there should be an abrupt end to the lights, but the lights seemed to be continuing. This line which was made when the picture was pulled from the camera could not account for the blurring of the image itself.
I estimated the object to be about 40 ft. wide, 20 ft. tall and from 75 to 100 yards from me. It was about 30 minutes from the time I first saw the object until it disappeared from sight. The only thing I can think of to compare the size of the object is that it looked as large as one of our 2 engine fighter planes when viewed from a distance.
As soon as I am finished with the picture I would like it returned to me since any publicity on this matter would hurt me for my job. I am a job setter for the Gary Civil Air Patrol. My duties are Planner/Observer for this group.