The image does not contain any photographs or images, only text. As an OCR system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 4 to 5 miles.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? at first about 10 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other 

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 70 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: The object appeared to be a flat object, circular in shape, with no projections or markings and appeared to be metalic or shiny. It seemed to be hovering or moving at a high rate of speed at a steady course or altitude. There were no sounds or exhaust trails observed. It seemed to be reflecting the sunlight but casting no shadow. It disappeared from view gradually rather than suddenly.