The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, containing text only.

DR. THOMAS HEALVY, UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA 898-7411 - TAMPA - He is
interested in UFOs, from the scientific view. He is planning to go up to Washington,
D C in two or three weeks and would like to come to Dayton. He would like to
generate the first scientific conference on UFOs on each case, presenting the
best investigative talk about investigations and look through the cases
with a scientific viewpoint. He feels if the academic community would look
at the cases with a scientific viewpoint it would show that the Air Force is
doing the best job they can. He felt that by generating a conference with the
aid of our office that he would be doing a service not only to the Air Force
but to the scientific community as well. Major Quintanilla told him he had
a very good thought and thought it was a tremendous idea. Gave him Col
Spaulding's address to go through.
PHIL DONARUE - OHIO, Dayton - The investigation is still being conducted.
JACK JONES, DAYTON DAILY NEWS, Dayton - hope to have results tomorrow
afternoon.
WLWD - TV, Dayton - Hope to have results tomorrow afternoon, etc.
FRED STIR, ANN ARBOR - regarding statement by AP - with collection of
information and investigation is proceeding nicely, we hope to have an explanation, hopefully sometime tomorrow. It depends on how fast Dr. Hynek and Moody
can check it out, we can work it out and go over the data. Hope to have a
press conference tomorrow at Scientia, etc.
JOHN SWEENEY - 223-111L,JOURNAL HERALD - wanted to know about the Michigan
case. Told him nothing new except what had been given to Jones that morning at
the Dayton Daily News, about 1 hour ago. He said I couldn't have talked to
Jones 1 hour ago and surely there was some news. I told him that if he didn't
want what we had to say he could go over and ask Jack Jones at Dayton Daily
News (other side of building). He said he wouldn't do that because they were
their competitor.