The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

18. Was the object --  
a. Self-luminous? Yes  
b. Dull, hazy, or transparent? Yes 
c. Transparent? Yes

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? No

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:  
a. Pea  
b. Dime  
c. Silver dollar  
d. Grapefruit  
Larger

21. Or, if smaller, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length. 1 inch

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Hunting

23. What did the object(s) disappear from view? Left to right, across the area

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a plane or jet aircraft of the same apparent altitude. Faster

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please state.  No

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? 20° Please mark on this hemisphere sketch:  
Margin and indistinct of any drawings, if any. As A. Brown P.R., Dallas, 1.3 showroom Rd., Coliseum.

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North; your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view; the direction the object(s) moved, its path, size, color, shape, and other pertinent data. However, Wildlife, refuelled, and other information deleted.

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? Beverly Airport, USAF ANGB

31. USAF 298/ROUTE CLEARANCE OFFICER: Report USAF ANGB BEVERLY stated only negative details here; no sightings observed, details described, or data other than negative response indorsed. We will return the material to you if requested.

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and comment) which might corroborate your observation. We will return the material to you.

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the names, if possible, and details as to where and when the questioning took place. No

34. Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please disregard carefully. No

The text was extracted and provided as-is from the scanned document image.