The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page from an old UFO report document. The text describes an alleged incident of a vehicle from outer space landing near Brooksville, Florida on March 5, 1965. The report discusses details about the alleged spacecraft, including its speed, landing gear, and the papers reportedly dropped by an occupant. The text also mentions an analysis of the papers by the Institute of Paper Chemistry in Appleton, Wisconsin.

AIR FORCE STATEMENT ON BROOKSVILLE, FLORIDA, UFO SIGHTING, 2 MARCH 1966
The alleged landing of a vehicle from outer space at Brooksville, Florida, on 5 March 1965, was apparently a hoax according to information obtained by Air Force investigators from BROOKVILLE AFB, Florida, and Dr. G. W. Bemiss, Pan American Airways technical staff member of the Eastern Test Range, who conducted an additional investigation. The report submitted to the Air Force investigators by the alleged eyewitness contained several statements which cannot be confirmed as facts. The spacecraft allegedly took off straight up at 5000 miles per hour and was out of sight in ten seconds. It is extremely doubtful that a twenty to thirty-foot object could have been seen for more than five seconds at which time the object would have reached an altitude of 36,430 feet. The blast-off from a vehicle taking off at this speed would have disturbed the sand and soil in the immediate area. There was no evidence of any abnormal disturbance in the area. The sketch of the alleged spacecraft showed four still poles as the landing gear. These poles protruded from the spacecraft at an angle. The holes which were purportedly caused by the landing gear were distinct and appeared to have been scoped or dug as opposed to indentations caused by an object of any sizeable weight. There was no radioactivity in the area. Two papers which contained unreadable hieroglyphics were reportedly dropped by an occupant of the spacecraft. An analysis was made of these papers by the Institute of Paper Chemistry in Appleton, Wisconsin. This analysis indicated that the paper is composed of fibers which are common worldwide. The fiber composition corresponds to that used in lens and optical papers. The hieroglyphics on one of the papers was deciphered by means of simple substitution and was determined to be the work of an amateur.