There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? It so, how?
Yes, it just gradually disappeared, first a smaller ball and then a second, larger object faded slowly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes, it moved behind something.

16. Did the object move in front of anything at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes, it moved in front of something, but nothing special about it.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No sound
b. Color - Whitish grayish (Luminous)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the match is covered by the width of the object. If the object was observed at more than one time the engagement of the time of the lighting, how much of the match would be covered.
It was larger than my little finger at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the outline, such as wings, tail, etc., and specifically indicate front and rear points. Please assume the direction of the object's motion is from left to right.
[Drawing of object]

20. Do you think the object disappeared while you were watching it? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
Very rapid, less than 1/2 second.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far from the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
20 miles, about.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. Inside a building
c. In the residential section of a city?
d. In the open country-side?
e. Near an airport?
f. Flying in an aircraft?
g. Flying over open country?
h. Other: -----------

23. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24a. What direction were you moving? (Circle One) N S E W
b. Northeast c. Southeast d. Southwest e. Northwest
24b. How fast were you moving? 50 miles per hour
24c. Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other: -----------

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words: (1) The object when it first appeared, (2) What it did, (3) How long you observed it, and (4) When and how it disappeared.
More of these cases seem to appear in the bottom section of our town/city. The object was luminous and saucer shaped, hovering and then slowly fading until it disappeared completely. It was observed for about 1/2 minute.