The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, which is a letter written by someone named Ligao, Albay, Philippines addressed to Air Force Headquarters (SAFDICC) in Washington, D.C. on March 3, 1967.

The text of the letter is as follows:

Air Force Headquarters (SAFDICC)
Washington, D.C. 20330

Dear Sir:

Last December 12, 1966, I have forwarded to your good office a follow-up letter to my previous letter of Sept. 16, 1966, containing my answers to Air Force Hqs. about my discovery of UFO's in my hometown of Ligao, Albay, R.P.

In view of your continued silence regarding my request for proper analysis and deciphering of the somewhat coded messages which these UFO's were trying to impart to me, I have become more and more convinced that you have unfortunately laid aside my negatives which I badly need for my personal research and collection as they show the prints as your office for further study and research, so that in case you have interests/facts regarding the matter, you can legally contact me for any other important opinions which will be of importance to your space research.

At the present time, I have developed a keener interest in these UFO sightings which I have personally observed on several occasions together with other citizens of my town, which are really of interest and which delve deeper into this age of modern science and space travel. I am anxiously keeping for myself whatever information I gather, if you won't even bother sending me your reply to my request for these negatives which will give importance and will value these discoveries. I am still giving you ample time to do something, whether this is a project Blue Book or not, I firmly believe that this category is not even recorded in your project Blue Book but was passed to me by your office and therefore this I consider a unique discovery which no history and any book of visible life has pertained to these invisible beings.

In closing therefore, I am still very eager to know your ideas and thoughts regarding my discovery of which I am very confident that in the long run your good office will be able to realize the importance of these phenomena and programs which are costing the U.S. government billions of dollars as well as human resources in their effort to uncover the truth surrounding these invisible beings.