There is no photograph present in this image. 

Here is the text from the document, as an OCR system would output it:

Friday - 17 th. March 1967 
Day Month Year

Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I and my wife Mrs. G.T.H, first encountered this strange aircraft, Sun., Oct. 16,1966, 1:30 daylight saving time from Eagle Shade,N.J., to Camden,N.J. on Rt. 130, in our 1966 Chev. Station Wagon at the intersection of Cooley Ave. and Cuthbert Blvd., Cherry Hill, N.J. 

As we drove along we observed this object, it was brilliantly lighted, and as we approached it, the light changed from 0 to 45 mph, the complete area became brilliantly lighted as if it had turned on daylight. It showed distinct thinkinbgs the brilliance had become dim and switched to high beam, and this seemed to make any difference. I stopped in the middle of the road and looked through my side window and looked through my window on the passenger side. The object was still there and remained hovering at tree top height. It then changed from its hover to move directly overhead, and this seemed to me very large dirigible shaped aircraft hovering to my left at tree top height from the east. It would down and climb, and looked directly up at the starboard side of the ship which had a row of very large AMBER colored vertical windows whose sutrface was diffused, and if the surface of the windows were sand blasted to give them a degree of opacity. They are approximately 7 feet high and 10 feet wide. Emitting an eerie light that shown through them, and as they came together, they were separated by a curtain-like material a foot wide, forming a pattern. As it moved over us I looked down to see the brilliant lights on the starboard side of the craft, they would seem to go from south to north to south to north at tree top height with absolutely no noise, which passed directly over the car. I stopped and watched as it hung motionless for a split second. These lights are very large round electric arc or quarts lightning where are two of them, one on each side of center line of ship. There is a brilliantly lighted and exhaust system, which are used in conjunction as landing lights. If sighted to the side (passenger side) of the car which she did, as the ship moved over the car to the north and again hung motionless to could see the complete pattern which had a row of AMBER colored windows the same as the starboard side, running the length of the ship. The brilliance of the lights on the starboard side of the craft showed COLD RED and AMBER lights. We decided to continue on our way, not that we were afraid, but we had to pick up our daughter from her sitters in Gloucester, N.J., which was the reason we were on the highway at that hour of the morning. As we continued on our way, stopped to get gasoline, it was observed no. else was out making an unscheduled stop for gasoline, as we arranged, and on the way back, heading east on Rt. 38 above 5 AM we saw the vehicle again. The strange air ship we saw, and that it might be still in the area where we saw it. We went under the overpass of Haddonfield road slowly to about 10 mph, to see the area for this aircraft. When we looked past the Cherry Hill Inn to the R.G.A. building the strange aircraft was still above the roof. We continued to follow it to the R.G.A. building, it remained stationary above the roof. We shut off the motor of our vehicle and killed the ignition, and parked at the entrance road to the plant for about 5 to 10 minutes. 
The ship is silver metallic, egg or dirigible shape, approx. 3/2 feet long, and about 138 feet high. It has approx. 14 windows (4 on each side) on each side, these windows are approx. 20 feet wide, and 20 feet high, which forms an Amber band.

(over)