The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document or report from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

On July 25, 1966 at 0840 GMT, the observer stepped out of the door to make a routine weather observation and promptly noticed two exceptionally bright lights toward the west moving in an erratic direction. The lights were approximately 30 degrees from the horizon and 20 degrees apart. The lights were observed for about 5 minutes. The observer's attention was attracted to the lights by their extreme brightness. The observation ceased due to the press of other duties. It was particularly noted that the lights were bright white and appeared stationary at first. No sound was heard. No change in color was noted at this time.

At 0925 GMT, the observer went out to observe a cloud bank moving in from the Northeast. At this time, it was noted that a bright light was located Northeast, estimated to bear 70 degrees true from the observation point at the FAA Building and estimated to be about 20 degrees above the horizon. This light was observed through 7x50 binoculars, manufactured by Swift, and appeared about the size of a star. The old Edgefield telescope was focused on the object and it appeared somewhat vertically oval in shape including the previously trailing object. The object was a dazzling white color and could possibly have been as large as an automobile. It was definitely longer than it was wide. The object appeared to have been stationary and exhibited no motion. This object was not observed previously and no positive correlation could possibly be made between the two objects. It is advised that further sound recordings be made of such bright light moving near that location with no sound emanating therefrom.

On July 26, 1966 at 0345 GMT another object was sighted bearing about 90 degrees from the Flight Service Station and about 30 degrees above the horizon which moved toward the North and then veered somewhat vertically oval in shape including the previously trailing object that was no longer visible. This second object was observed through 7x50 binoculars and appeared about the size of a star. A simultaneous visual/binocular observation of a very eerie nature was visible through the binoculars, while a known star was gradually obscured.

At 0755 GMT the object had become apparently stationary and some believed it to be a star; however, while looking through binoculars I saw a section of the object changing colors from red to green to white with the remainder of the object remaining a brilliant white. In accordance with the criteria, the object appeared to be about the size of a pea.