The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document is as follows:

Commanding Officer (radar Section)
ATIC Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir,

I know I won't get any answer to this but feel I should write and tell you what I saw on the night of the 8th of October 1966 over here in this district. I am partially your joke to solving some unbelievable sights of these non existent flying objects (UFO) over here in this district.

I am just now digging out of a wave of sightings that hit in October. I'm sure, you've the C.I.r. how have approximately 15 persons who have observed these sightings on the night of 25 the September and all who were reliable persons, witnesses, respected wife, and all the other obstacles and complaints, findings etc. which we blumming assisting to.

But if I have anything that would be of interest to you, I hope you are welcome to it. I KNOw ALL THE TECBNY vs. OF WHAT THE EXPERTS explain. THIS AIR FORCE ITS SELF UNSURE IF ANYTHING UNUSUAL THEY HAPPEN TO KNOW.

Death. If you got any drive for the nights of Oct 5 or 21 they will receive the radar tapes for relay to Texas and a reply came tower area. Any chance tonight.

If on Oct. 18 about 1:00 or you got five strange sightings this never happens to us up here.

On Oct 6 starting at 9:59 & until 1:00 you should have had at least fifty or so ring sightings, giving blips in this area. I think the two planes were too high to make a ground contact.

Sometime during the middle of October some farmers got excited about something and ran on the bottom hold at in the news indicating making a trialing balloon the noise were there. I don't know if this was the reason of the sightings or not.

Also some new witnesses who approach to the Citizens Band Radio Ganger this started to saying they see these UFO. I think it is about the same time the sheriff dept. started to saying we have some more sightings.

On the morning of 31 Oct. 21 your radar should have had a fairly good direction. This was what you saw last night without a doubt it the objects that provided.

A little about 00:30 and soon after 0400 there were sightings this I thought perhaps I might be able to do something for my side. I can put your figures in a special report and forward it if you wish.

Your, Truly