The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document related to a UFO sighting or report.

UFO form continued 
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 300 - 400 MPH. Perhaps 1,000 MPH possibly even higher.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Approx. 1/2 to 1 mile.
22. Where was the object first sighted in relation to your position? 
a. In the sky
b. On the horizon
c. Near the zenith (straight above)
d. Near the ground
e. In the business section of a city?
f. In the residential section of a city?
g. Over a rural area?
h. Near an airport?
i. Near an airfield?
j. Flying over a lake or ocean?
k. Other
[Checked box next to]: k. Other - Well above Sacramento, California, U.S.A.
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
a. North
b. East 
c. South
d. West
e. Northeast
f. Northwest
g. Southeast
h. Southwest
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
[Checked box]: Yes
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses 
b. Sun glasses
c. Windows
d. Windshield
[Checked boxes]: a. Eyeglasses - Yes, c. Windows - Yes
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words an account of your observation as completely and in as much detail as you can.
IT WOULD BE VERY DIFFICULT-I DONT THINK I HAVE EVER SEEN ANYTHING SIMILAR BEFORE. The object was very high and appeared to be suspended at a stationary position. It was illuminated, giving off a bluish white glow. It was larger than any aircraft I have ever seen and only showed up against the skyline-appearing to be about the size of a dime held at arms length. It maneuvered through the cloud cover without any apparent turbulence and then suddenly disappeared from sight. This was witnessed by other observers but only a few of us recognized it for its peculiar characteristics.