The image contains a photograph of two unidentified flying objects (UFOs) described in the text. The text mentions that the objects were sighted by Mrs. Angelo De Pretto and 12-year-old Susan Merrill of two objects, one red and one green, moving at a high speed.

HILLSDALE OBJECTS - Mrs. Jason Merrill of Hillsdale made the drawings of unidentified objects seen by her daughter, Susan, 12. The objects were described as almost circular, about 25 feet across, and 15 feet high, with three ports or lights on the lower half flashing red, white and green, in a sequence. The sighting occurred at 10:25 PM, and the objects were present for 15 feet across and 15 feet high, with three ports or lights on the lower half flashing red, white and green, in a sequence.

OCR Text Output:
3 UFOs Explained; Find Flares
Hillsdale - According to a report, there was a sighting of mysterious flying ob- jects in Hillsdale County, Mich. on Tuesday and Thursday nights on W. Street. They were seen by residents and police.
The objects were described as circular, about 25 feet across and 15 feet high, with three lights on the lower half flashing red, white and green in sequence. The sighting was at 10:25 PM and the objects were present for about 15 minutes.
Police said a report of flares was received and red and green objects were observed at an altitude of about 1,000 feet. A resident stated the objects moved rapidly, "like a speeding car," and there was no sound. Another resident, a Hillsdale College civil defense director, said the objects were "not from this world" and that they traveled at incredible speeds.
Alfred Becker, a maintenance man for the New York Central Railroad, reported similar objects could be observed in the nearby marshes. He said the objects would float through the woods on air currents.
Mrs. Dixon, who has been investigating the future of the human race and predicted events from the Alberta earthquake in 1957 to the removal of the Soviet Union, said the objects are from outer space.
"I think they are some kind of military craft, not from outer space," she said Wednesday. "I think they are from the other side - they are other American Air Force craft."
She says she gets her predictions from a psychic reaction - she had a "vibration" when she first saw the story over the phone, the one said.
She said she does not get any vibrations that indicate that the UFOs are some kind of advanced American military craft. She said the objects are other craft from the enemy, which she believes are the United States are retaliating against.