The image appears to be a newspaper article with a photograph. The photograph shows a person in a spacesuit or protective gear standing in a field or burned area. The article discusses a purported UFO sighting and investigation in the Sacramento, California area.

BURNED' SPOT-WAS IT A UFO?

Residents of the Middletown, Calif, area, 50 miles northeast of Sacramento, reported a strange sight Tuesday afternoon. They say a "thing" dropped down from the sky and burned a spot in the ground several feet long and several feet wide. Middle Urban, 53, disclosed he had gone to the scene twice that day and observed the burnt-out area in a field between Villa and Middle Urban's ranchos. "It is just like someone dropped something there and it burned a hole in the ground," Urban said. "I can't figure out what it was, though the Air Force won't say anything about it." Mrs. Madeline Urban, 52, who also lives on the ranch, said she saw a "round orange-colored object" drop down over the field and burn the spot, which was still smoking when she arrived, about 4 p.m. Tuesday. "There wasn't a trace of anything to show what had been dropped there. It didn't seem to leave any ashes or anything," she said. Air Force investigators said the report was under investigation. "We had some showers along about that time, but I imagine those should have put out whatever caused the burning if it had been anything like that," Mrs. Urban said. Charles Schneider of 3333 Middle Urban (r), examining the 'burned spot,' said, "I have never seen anything like it. Whatever caused it, if it could have been an unidentified flying object, I'd say it never stays around long enough for anyone to get a good look at it." The siders (sic) observed the charred area Tuesday, found the ground loose and powdery and that there were no marks of any kind on the ground around the burned area. Schneider said a a "mysterious white gas" came from the ground for several seconds while they were there examining it. The investigators apparently are at a loss to determine what caused the burn mark. The "burned spot" in the field was about 10 feet long and 6 feet wide, the investigators said. Mrs. Urban said there were "several circles" in the burned area. She said her husband and she had watched from about 1:30 p.m. until 4 p.m. the object descend from the sky, make a pass low over the field, then zoom up again. She said it was "just like a big round orange ball with a fiery tail" and made no sound. The Air Force said the report would be checked thoroughly.