There does not appear to be a photograph in this document. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in regard to the observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses
to give name and other information, do not complete this form.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to PDO.

3.a.Name:     Address:  
Phone:    Age:    Occupation:  
b. Shape of Object: disc    c. Color: white
d. Size (compare to dime, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger item) 2-5 feet
e. Formation, if more than one: one
f. Duration: if more than one: 
e. Unusual Features of object: disc, lit up all over, no trail, or exhaust
h. Was there a trail, vapor trail, or exhaust? no
j. What called attention to the observer: Camped to East sight and bright light to North
k. What angle and elevation was the object on/first observance.

l. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared_

m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and were there any maneuvers of the object? erratic flight

n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.) slowly to North

o. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.) 30 min.

p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescope, binoculars, etc.) naked eye

q. Time and date of sighting: 11:30 - 12:00 23 March 66
r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk) night
s. Geographical location of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.) South of Pasadena
t. Weather (clear, hazy, cloudy, etc.) clear, hazy
u. Temperatures of day (80°, 90°, etc.) 60°
v. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above: light was pulsating, object appeared as a flying saucer

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observance of the object.