The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was the official program of the United States Air Force to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
The United States Air Force has the responsibility under the Department of Defense for the investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The name of this program, which has been in existence since 1948, is Project Blue Book. It has been identified in the past as Project Sign and Project Grudge.
Air Force interest in unidentified flying objects is related directly to the Air Force responsibility for the defense of the United States. Procedures for conducting this program are established.
The objectives of Project Blue Book are two-fold: first, to determine whether UFOs pose a threat to the security of the United States; and, second, to determine whether UFOs exhibit any unique scientific or technical characteristics which could contribute to scientific research. In the course of accomplishing these objectives, Project Blue Book strives to identify and explain all UFO sightings reported to the Air Force.

HOW THE PROGRAM IS CONDUCTED
The program is conducted in three phases. The first phase includes the receipt of UFO reports and the initial investigation of the reports. The Air Force bases receive the information on a reported sighting, investigate the information, and forward it to the Project Blue Book Office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.
If the initial investigation does not reveal a positive identification or explanation, a second phase of more extensive analysis is conducted by the Project Blue Book Office. Each case is carefully studied and documented to determine if sufficient data is available which could identify the UFO sighting. All personnel associated with the investigation, analysis, and evaluation of the project view each report with a scientific approach and an open mind.
The third phase of the program is dissemination of information concerning UFO sightings, evaluations, and statistics. This is accomplished by the Secretary of the Air Force, Office of Information.
The Air Force defines an unidentified flying object as any aerial object which the observer is unable to identify.
Reports of unfamiliar objects in the sky are submitted to the Air Force from many sources. These include military and civilian pilots, weather observers, amateur astronomers, business and professional men and women, and housewives, etc.
Phenomena reported as unidentified may include balloons, birds, aircraft, satellites, haze, aircraft navigation lights, and anticollision beacons, jet engine exhaust, condensation trails, astronomical bodies and meteorological phenomena.
(2) Insufficient data, and (3) unidentified.