The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report with text describing a discussion between investigators and a Colonel Miller, civilian Defense Chief in Ann Arbor, regarding UFO sightings in the Dexter and Hillsdale areas. The text describes the investigator's approach to evaluating the reliability of witness testimonies and the common patterns observed in the sightings.

Department (Chief John Palmer, Clyde Myers and Charles Sharpe and a number of his other men), and the police in Dexter Michigan (Captain Taylor and his men, notably Officer Runnawall), nor will I describe the fairly long discussion I had with Colonel Miller, civilian Defense Chief in Ann Arbor, who appears to be a very practical and blunt man who told me, in a nutshell, that he took no stock in any of the reports that had been going around.  I might point out, that all through the investigation I made discreet inquiries relative to character reference and general reliability of other witnesses, and came away with the general impression that I had not been dealing with seasoned and careful investigators, but rather with men untutored in reporting matters outside their normal line of reporting (license plates, accidents, etc, but not angular rates, angular distances in the sky, brightnesses, and in general, time motion sequences).  I was forced, therefore, to take into account, and regard as facts, only such things which had been reported fairly consistantly by several witnesses.  The same upon certain witnesses by other witnesses did not impress me as to quality and reliability of the data, I was obliged to use from which to draw my conclusions.  I therefore felt that the only expedient thing to do was to concentrate on the consistent aspects of the stories from Dexter and Hillsdale and place into another category the host of the individual and generally mutually conflicting bits of testimony offered by the many individuals I talked to during my three day stay.

I therefore decided to look at the common pattern which seemed to be developing in the Dexter and Hillsdale cases.  These had many interesting points in common; first, the lights in both cases were associated with swamp areas.  While it was true that various individuals reported lights traveling in the sky, the common factor seemed to be that the lights were associated with swamp areas.