The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a newspaper article or report about "Rehoboth Residents See Flying Objects" from The Providence Journal, Monday, April 4, 1966.

ADDENDUM I
The Providence Journal, Monday, April 4, 1966

Questioned by U.S. Officials
Rehoboth Residents See Flying Objects
"As a result of a continuing investigation of five "objects" seen in the sky above Rehoboth, Mass., on March 23, the Rehoboth Police Department has turned over its information to the U.S. Air Force Investigations Committee on Unidentified Flying Objects.
A third sighting was reported to the Rehoboth Police a little after 9 p.m. on March 23, when several teenagers, watching a movie in a private home, saw three bright objects high in the sky, much brighter than stars or planets.
Mrs. William Saunders, one of the witnesses, said that she and six other persons saw the objects for about 10 or 15 minutes.
"They were larger and brighter than ordinary stars and appeared to be moving slowly from one part of the sky to another," she said.
She said that she called the Rehoboth Police Department, and officers were sent to investigate, but the objects had disappeared by the time the police arrived.
Earlier that evening, two other sightings had been reported to the police, one by Mr. and Mrs. Norman Trembley, and the other by a group of teenagers, all of whom said they saw bright, fast-moving objects in the sky.
Lt. John Travers of the Rehoboth Police Department, said that the police had contacted the U.S. Air Force Investigations Committee on Unidentified Flying Objects, and the information gathered on the sightings had been turned over to them for investigation.

Otis Intelligence Probes
Strange Aerial Lights
An investigation of the strange aerial lights seen in the Rehoboth-Dighton area on the evening of March 23 is being conducted by the U.S. Air Force, according to Lt. Col. George W. Westbrook, public information officer at Otis Air Force Base.
Lt. Col. Westbrook said that a team of investigators is questioning witnesses who reported seeing the lights.
Dr. James E. McDonald, senior physicist with the Institute of Atmospheric Physics at the University of Arizona, who was in the Rehoboth area at the time of the sightings, said that what he saw caused him to believe that it was possible the objects were a form of ball lightning.
He said that while he was driving in the area between Rehoboth and Dighton, he had observed two lights flash across the sky, one following the other. He said the lights were definitely not aircraft.
Lt. Col. Westbrook said the Air Force has been receiving reports of similar lights in the Rehoboth-Dighton area for some time, and the current investigation is aimed at determining the nature of the phenomenon.
He said that the shape and color of the lights indicate that they are not conventional aircraft. He said it is possible the lights could be the result of "ball lightning," which is formed by electrical phenomena.