The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

18. Was the object self luminous? Self-luminous Bull finish?
19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? No. It rose only in relation to the horizon.
20. What was the color of the object(s)? Ball of fire, bright white, similar in size and shape to an unidentified light that moved away from the observer at a rapid rate.
21. How did your observation of the object(s) end? Faded out while passing across the lake through the trees.
22. How long did the total observation last? Approximately 2-3 minutes.
23. How did the object(s) disappear? When it turned approximately North it entered the trees and was lost from sight.
24. Was the object(s) reported to an official? to whom?
25. Were the condition of the sky clear, hazy, etc.? Clear, moonlight night.
26. Please furnish the names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. None.
27. What else can you add about this incident that would be helpful in our evaluation? I tried to locate it again the following night but could not.
28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. None
29. Please show on the enclosed map the location or area where the sighted occurred. I have marked the approximate location on the map.
30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? I don't know.
31. Have you ever seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
32. Give a summary of the incident, including type of object(s), course of flight, duration of sighting, size, color, number, speed, direction, and any other available information. Please use additional sheets of paper if necessary.
33. Do you have any photographs, motion pictures, or other physical evidence of the object(s) or any related phenomena (include time, date, location of evidence)? We will return the material to you.
34. We should like the permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note your choice by checking the proper statement below.
[ ] You have my permission to use my name.
[ x ] Please keep my name confidential.
35. Date of filling out this report: Oct. 18, 1966.