There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions and responses related to an unidentified flying object sighting.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and other Armed Forces investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional forms, please let us know.

1. Name: [redacted]
Address: [redacted]
Telephone: [redacted]
2. Date of Observation: APRIL 16, 1966
3. Locality of Observation: WINTER HAVEN, NEWTON, MASS.
4. How long did you see the object? 5 Minutes
5. Please describe weather conditions: CLEAR TO PARTLY CLOUDY, NO HAZE, NIGHTTIME, DARK.
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: NOT KNOWN
7. If it was a night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? MOON
8. What was the color of the object(s) and did it change in color or brightness? NO
9. Please describe the shape(s) of the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light, was it revolving, if so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? YES
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. SAME AS THE MOON
12. Did the object(s) -
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away from your view? NO
c. Move slowly? YES
d. Give off smoke? NO
e. Leave any visible trail? NO
f. Break up or explode? NO
g. Change color? NO
13. Did the object(s) at any time disappear and reappear, or go behind something and come out again? If so, please describe in detail. NO
14. Was there any wind? NO
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, wind-shield, windowpane, storm window, screened window? NO
16. Did the object(s) have any sound? NO What kind? How loud? 
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) - a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined.