The image does not contain any photographs. The text is an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the full text found in the document:

2nd not a l logged cow. Obs. B said "It sounded like a person who was the man at the window." said person came out of trailer and r went back in right away. My heart was pounding. As I look off as fast as our likes would go, Obs. A said "I had cold chills up my spine and we got no For sure I think we saw the best of my route rapidly getting something might be watching me." Obs. B said "I think I was too scared to get close to a porch with a paper. I felt like something out there was watching where he looked as his light went out. He said I stopped.

Concerning the walking sound we have the following possibilities:
A. Something resembles with a cow. Impossible walking. If so it may not be this
because this type of sound is not audible beyond a certain distance.
B. Some type of machinery which started running on the object.
C. It was imagination on the boys part.
d. A cow walking in the field. (animals are terror stricken near the stated that he heard the sound of cattle down near the barn to the certain it dust sound like a cow walking.)
Mind of a light til was a still morning.)

For the most part the boys were met with nearly total disbelief related what had happened once home. Obs. B mother said he was more frightened than he had admitting to his scout troop - and although nearly has been described, he was not permitted to talk about the incident. He was urged on the evening of the 5th. After school Obs. B drove in delight scene and soon discovered the vehicle they had seen still stood in same small area. He also noticed a small spot of light red dirt like material on the lawn where the truck stood. But he did not pay much attention to the the no big deal might his uncle did he noticed it. He looked in southward direction but didn't see anything strange closed the gate the police about the incident on the 27 year old sister In law. took her to more and forever recorded about what the boys actually saw. the case were Choices missing any vehicle tracks and there were none. Even the cattle had avoided the scene of the house and gone way down into the fields. A telephone survey of the area near the sighting his not revealed any evidence to suggested it.