The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, and it does not contain any photographs. The text on the page is as follows:

WISCONSIN STATE UNIVERSITY
CAMPUS LABORATORY SCHOOL
STEVENS POINT, WISCONSIN 54481

Nov. 14, 1966

Dear Sirs:

Enclosed are two copies of reports which I filed with NICAP. Aware of your official policy in regards to UFO reports, I did not intend to notify you of my sightings. However, when copies returned to me enclosed your records, I decided that I should notify you of what I have reported, since I know that you are seriously interested in UFO reports and that anything I can contribute may be of help to you.

I am sure the accuracy of reports you would make regardless of the accuracy of the report would be not for an instant to be doubted. I know that they will accept them as genuine balloons.

I have often wondered if you are aware of the ridiculous position you have put the people in in regards to this subject. It also illustrates in my opinion the lack of integrity we claim to have as scientists and men concerned about your public position about UFO's and am hopeful that you can find a way to recognize more actively the information they give us.

My first reaction to my report is one of doubt, let me say the word DOUBT. I have been acquainted with UFO's since 1947 when Kenneth Arnold's report appeared in the newspapers. I have always maintained an element of doubt about their actual existence. I have given this subject long turn consideration as I like most scientists in the early days remained skeptical and have insisted that they be written off as simply the product of imagination or the misidentification of some familiar terrestrial objects. It took me 19 years to see something that firmly convinced me that they are real and of extreme importance. I sincerely hope that you will prove their existence, for I feel they may hold a key of some value to you - if only in the determination of world pattern of movements of interest.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]