The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Dear Girl,

We received your reply and information and we were very glad to hear from you.
In haste we lost your letter but will try to answer it the best we can.
It has been such a summer that you nor anyone else would find it easy to believe and so we hesitate to discuss this summer with a lot of people. Things happened that were witnessed by several people almost every evening and it could almost be impossible to go into minute detail of dates etc. It would have taken a catalogues to keep the records and we finally gave up. We are considering, taping the information from various witness's to this phenomenal summer and then typing up a complete report. We are waiting for a tape recorder. We don't even know who would be interested in this besides ourselves but I can tell you that so person we talked to or were acquainted with could tell us many fantastic lies as it would seem to discuss these things.
First we observed our own incident and then each night we would watch moving lights across the sky from our own roof top. Perhaps a few of these were satellites but when you count up to 12 and 15 within the time span of 2 hours it seems ridiculous to suggest that these were all satellites and were redeculose to suggest these were airplanes when there was no sound involved and since we have observed that we can hear any airplane that we can see from our positions. Well what were they? Airplanes? We observed two radiant round balls flying very very low, east, south from our home extremely brilliant and so low you could actually see moving machinery within the brilliant light, it gave the illusion of being perfectly round. We saw one that tumbled barely higher than the airplane so glistening several colored lights appeared motionless. Apparently the pilot of the airplane did not get excited because he kept steady on his course. I can't remember whether we told you about the fantastic incident of the mountain jeep trip we took. It was hilarious and frightening at the same time and I will try to report it to you.