The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

AFR 200-2

and, to determine the technical or scientific character or identify all UFO sightings as described in paragraph 1b.

3. Responsibilities:

a. Reporting: Base commanders will report all information and evidence of UFO sightings, including information and evidence received from other services, Government agencies, and civilian sources.

b. Investigation: Investigators are authorized to direct contacts from the investigation area to the Foreign Technology Division (FTD), of the Air Force Systems Command, Dayton, Ohio, phone number water 3-7111, ext. 69216/69375). The purpose of the calls is to report high priority findings.

c. Evaluation: The commander of the Air Force unit receiving the reported UFO sighting will conduct all necessary investigation to submit a complete initial report of a UFO sighting. The initial investigation will include every effort to provide the maximum amount of information other than that closest to the scene of a reported UFO sighting will refer the incident immediately to the commander of the major air command concerned. (See paragraph 5.)

d. Analysis: The Air Force Systems Command Foreign Technology Division will analyze and evaluate.

(1) Information and evidence of reported sightings within the United States to determine the basic nature of the UFO.

(2) Information and evidence collected in EXCEPTION: The AFSEC (FTD), independent unit, regarding substantiation with pertinent Air Force Systems Command analyses for any further and continuing investigations necessary to further analyze or conclude findings.

(3) Findings: AFSEC (FTD) will prepare a final report on each sighting after collection and analysis of data, and will forward a copy of the report to USAFE (AFCIN).

The Office of Information, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, will be responsible for releasing information on sightings, and, in coordination with the AFSEC (FTD), statements to the public regarding UFO's. (See paragraphs 7 and 8.)