The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)" form.

The text in the document is as follows:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA 1536 Connecticut Avenue N.W. Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers may prove valuable. After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in the regularly scheduled bulletin. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name ... Place of Employment ... Occupation ...
2. Telephone ...
3. Locality of Observation Washington, D.C.
4. How long did you see the object? ... Hours ... Minutes ... Seconds
5. Please describe the weather conditions and the type of sky i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.: Partly cloudy
6. Position of the Sun or moon in relation to the object and your position: Overhead
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? Yes.
8. Were there more than one object? No. If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating the direction of the object(s) from you.
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, steady, etc.; did it appear to be bigger than a star or planet? The object appeared to be a small circular source of light, steady, slightly larger than a star.
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky?
11. If so, compared to the brightness of stars, planets, etc., what was the degree of brightness? Slightly brighter than a star.
12. Did the object(s) seem to ... (a) Appear to stand still at any time? Yes. (b) Suddenly speed up and rush away? No. (c) Alter its shape? No. (d) Craze off into parts or explode? No. (e) Give off smoke or trail? No. (f) Drop anything? No. (g) Change brightness? No.

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible.

14. Was there any wind? If so, please give direction and speed.

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, winshield, windowpane, storm window, screening, etc.? No.

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? No. What kind? How loud?

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) --
a. Fuzzy or blurred.
b. Like a bright star.
c. Slightly outlined.