There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report.

to give credit to the scientists I talked with until very late into the night
but they prefer to remain anonymous. I am sure, however, that should their
testimony be officially required, rather than for the press, their cooperation
could very easily be obtained.
It was from these academic gentlemen that I obtained the information on
marsh gas and the lights frequently associated with it. To summarize, it 
appears that rotting vegetation in the swamps produces methane, CH4, and
hydrogen sulfide, H2S, in ample quantities under certain conditions. Methane
is odorless, H2S is not but since it is present in relatively small quantities
one does not smell it unless one overturns a shovel full of swamp material. I
am told that this would then release a distinct odor. In addition, phosphine
PH3 is produced by the reduction of phosphorous compounds in the marsh material.
These three gases ordinarily do not spontaneously ignite, but I am told, a
small impurity in the PH3, namely P2H, is highly flammable and when exposed to
air spontaneously ignites. This then apparently can serve to ignite the other
gases. The phenomenon of swamp lights is apparently quite well known, and
references to it are ample in the literature. Even in non-technical literature
these lights, variously known as will-of-the-wisp, ignus fatus, fox lights,
etc., have had many stories woven around them, including stories of these lights
being the souls of the departed as well as elemental mythological entities.
Technically, they are treated in two books to which I had immediate access,
Light and Colour in the Open Sky, by Minnaert and Chemistry, by Sidgwick and Plane.
Here the lights are described even into their colors, red, yellow, white and
green, thus matching the colors described by the majority of the witnesses. It
is stated in these books that the lights are a form of low temperature chemical
luminescence which does not char or burn grass, etc. The lights generally are