The image does not contain a photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

In this close-up, taken a few seconds later, the image is somewhat smaller, apparently due to cloud cover.

Koreans Give LBJ A Wild Reception 

SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - President Johnson was welcomed today by an enthusiastic throng of 50,000 Koreans who broke down metal fences around American Embassy and surged forward with shouts and cheers to get their first glimpse of the visiting U.S. leader.

Shouts turned into thunderous applause as Johnson emerged from his car in the City Square. The President responded by waving and blowing kisses to the flag-waving throng. Once the tumultuous crowd began to subside, buses carrying the President's party pushed slowly through the crush of people toward a reviewing stand.

WASHINGTON (AP) - A sharp-looking pictures of the crashed UFO in the Longsland UFO.

The sharper eye could tell that the bright oval was not a star or a place. It was stationary and was not travelling but hovere. The shap pictures seem to show now that it was some kind of odd-shaped craft, like an elliptical oval. The sharper pictures reveal more details and show that it was a structured craft of some kind and artificial in design. The Longsland UFO Report describes the craft as elliptical in shape and shiny. 

As it passed me. I think of be a matter of minutes and seconds. It seemed to be moving at a fast rate of speed, perhaps 600 mph or more, and appeared to be at an altitude of 1,000 to 2,000 feet. It made no sound that I could hear. I think what I saw could best be described as a disc-shaped craft, circular in nature, with a slight curvature on the top and bottom. The color seemed to be metallic or aluminum in nature, and it reflected the sun's rays in such a way that it appeared to almost glow.

Dad's Efforts Fail, 2 Children Die

STROUDSBURG, Pa. (UPI) - A young father was critically injured and his two children died when smoke and flames prevented him from rescuing them from a burning house. The fire was said to have started in the basement of the home of Thomas Stettner, 25, of East Stroudsburg. Stettner, with his wife Margaret, 23, tried desperately to reach their children - Alan, 4, and Marjorie, 2 - who were upstairs, but the flames drove them back.