The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University, dated January 13, 1966.

Text from the document:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

January 13, 1966

Major Hector Quintanilla USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
DAYTON, OHIO 45433

Dear Major:

This is to report to you that Sergeant Moody and I are hard
at it for these three days. I think that we will be able to clean
up all of 1965.

As I go over the 900 or so cases of '65, I am once again impressed by the inadequate quality of the data upon which the evaluations must be based. In some cases the "even infufficient data" is
really a misnomer; there is enough data but it is of such poor quality
that the meaning of the anything is indefinable rather than unidentified. To use the category "insufficient data" overly much weights
the statistics so that one's vision may be blurred. There is just a handy
catch-all to which we put unsatisfactory cases that I find a ready explanation for. On the other hand, to say the case is "unidentified"
is even worse because this is interpreted by many as saying that some
mean that something really mysterious is going on. The reason for
its being unidentified is not that the data do not permit any logical
explanation. I would prefer the term "unidentifiable" or, better,
"unidentifiab'le because of poor data" to either of the terms "unidentified" or "insufficient data". I rather agree with public opinion that
the term "unidentified" should be reserved for those cases which really do puzzle us even though we have, reasonably good data, by which I mean largely that there was more than one
observer, and that we have some single-agency sequence of the reported
events.

Should there ever be any official inquiry from the Pentagon
about the conduct of our Project, I think it might be well to bring
up the above points. I have for years, as you know, pleaded for
immediate capability in the gathering of data so that evaluations
could be placed on a much firmer foundation than they have been in
the past. The chances of ever uncovering what really lies behind
some of these cases are slim because of the inadequate way of evaluating
which is simply because of the inherent paucity of the data.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen
Director