There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten page from a Project Blue Book document.

Text from the document:

On October 9, 1966, at 8:00 PM the night, I was a witness to some strange events at my home in Greenlawn, Long Island, New York.

This evening I was just inside my home, having finished dinner and getting ready to watch television, when I noticed out of the corner of my eyes some strange lights in the sky. At first I thought it might be an aircraft, but the lights were not moving in the way one would expect an airplane to move. The lights were hovering in a stationary position.

As I continued to observe this phenomena, the lights began to move in a very peculiar fashion. They would suddenly dart off in one direction and then abruptly change direction and dart off in another. The movements were almost erratic and with great speed. I called my wife to come and see what I was observing, and she too was astounded at what we were seeing.

The lights were of a glowing nature, not the flashing or blinking lights one would associate with an aircraft. There were three distinct lights, not a single light, and they seemed to be in somewhat of a triangular formation, although not in a perfect triangle.

We continued to observe this for approximately 15 minutes, and during this time the lights continued their strange maneuvers. At one point they seemed to recede into the distance, only to suddenly reappear much closer. It was almost as if they were playing some sort of game, darting about in the sky in a way that defied explanation.

Finally, the lights simply disappeared from view. We waited for some time to see if they would reappear, but they did not. The entire episode had lasted approximately 15 to 20 minutes.

I must confess that I am at a loss to explain what we saw that evening. It was unlike anything I have ever witnessed before, and I can only conclude that we may have seen some type of unidentified flying object. I would be most interested in learning if anyone else in the area may have observed similar phenomena on that date.