Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in the document shown in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

been present. On the other hand, no convincing or coherent evidence was presented that any object had been seen either to enter or to leave the swamp areas. And why swamp areas in both cases? The case for swamp gas is by no means conclusive, and is unprovable, but still remains in my mind as a logical explanation for the majority opinion as to what was sighted. I therefore presented this likely explanation at the requested press conference, at which I pointed out in no uncertain terms that the swamp gas hypothesis was just that and that "I couldn't prove it in a court of law".

I wish that a press conference had not been necessary, or, if necessary that it had been handled more expertly and adroitly. I have little to say that is complimentary about the public relations office at Selfridge Field. It was amateurish in the extreme, and displayed no knowledge of how a press conference should be handled. 

The entire matter of a full dress press conference was most distasteful to me because I would rather present carefully weighed and consistent evidence and conclusions, with due time allowed, to a body of scientific colleagues than be subject at a moment's notice to a roaring pack of news hounds whose chief interest appears to be in getting a quick story.

I recommend once again, as I have often in the past, in my capacity as scientific consultant, that the UFO phenomenon which has now plagued us for a score of years, and has been responsible for countless words in newsprint during that time, should be recognized as a scientific and sociological problem of our times and studied as such by competent men in various fields. Further, since the first requisite for any scientific investigation is concern for the quality of the basic data, much more attention should be paid to the immediate gathering and processing of such data.