The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on a form. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and extract all the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 4 April 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

About 9:30 pm on the evening of 4 April 66 while returning from a visit to a neighbor and looking up towards the northwest sky I observed a very bright light that appeared to be moving slowly from west to east. The light seemed to be approximately 20-25 degrees above the horizon and was visible for approximately 2 minutes before it disappeared from view behind some trees. The light appeared to be elliptical in shape and seemed to change intensity at times during the viewing. I immediately recognized the object as being something other than a normal aircraft or star since its brightness, manner of movement, and changing intensity were unlike anything I had ever observed before. I immediately went to my porch to continue observing the object but it had gone behind the trees and I was unable to see it again. I put on my shoes and ran outside in an attempt to locate the object again but was unable to do so. I am quite familiar with the appearance of aircraft, stars, and other normal celestial objects, and I am certain that what I observed was something out of the ordinary - possibly a UFO. The entire incident, from the time I first observed the object until it disappeared behind the trees, lasted approximately 2 minutes. I live in a suburban area of Chicago, and there are no major airports in the immediate vicinity which might account for the type of object I observed. I felt no sense of fear or apprehension during the sighting, only a sense of curiosity and wonder at what I had witnessed. I have always been interested in the subject of UFOs, and am familiar with many of the reports and investigations concerning them, but this was the first time I had ever had a personal sighting of what I believe to be an unidentified flying object. I hope this additional information will be helpful in assessing my report. Please let me know if you require any further details.