There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a project blue book UFO report document.

UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT 
Memorandum
SUBJECT: REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

FROM: Editor-Writer, 80-3A
TO : Public Affairs Officer, 80-3

Mr. related the following is "gist" of highlights taken by me in shorthand for his report on unidentified flying objects sighted in the Atlanta, Georgia area on the above address, which also relates to other reports of Unidentified Flying Objects sighted in the same area during that time period.

Mr. Related, in part, that on Sunday evening, at approximately 9:30 PM EST, July 24, 1966, my neighbors old-enough to drive were playing outside with two of his playmates, a 13-year-old girl and a 10-year-old boy. When suddenly, the three children started complaining of bright lights in front of them that were hurting their eyes. The lights seemed to be oscillating or flickering. The children came screaming in, badly frightened, with their eyes badly inflamed, about it running from the porch. The object, which was about three feet off the ground, then "objected" - took off, straight up, like a bolt of lightning," and disappeared. They said "it looked like a ball of lightning," and disappeared. They said the object was accompanied by two blinking bright lights."

Mr. then related that he had been prone to discount their descriptions as exaggerated by the effects of the lights on their eyes. However, he reported that the children's eyes were still badly inflamed the following day. He is satisfied that his children gave factual descriptions of what they saw and that he could relay the information to us. It is reported that the children "yelled that the object was just above their eye-level."

The following are in answer to specific questions that you then asked Mr.
Q. What was the exact time of the incident, again?
A. Approximately 9:30 PM EST, Sunday, July 24, 1966.
Q. How close did the object come to the children?
A. The children state 6 yards and 10 yards and 12 yards away. The object, according to them, was just above their eye-level.
Q. How large did the object appear to them?
A. About three feet off the ground.
Q. Did the object make any sound?
A. None. They were just badly frightened and complained about their eyes.
Q. How bright were the lights?
A. Very bright lights, side by side. The "black canopy" appeared to be holding up the lights.
Q. Speed of the object, again?
A. From the children's description, an almost instantaneous "shooting up" - straight up.
Mr. was also referred to the appropriate DeSAPM staff office and requested to refer this info to them.