This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be discussing the challenges and limitations in dealing with UFO reports, including the lack of detailed information, the difficulty in justifying conclusions, and the inherent difficulties and inconveniences involved in UFO investigations.

The text in the document is as follows:

The scientific background, investigational experience, and objectivity required for dealing with UFO reports cannot be found in randomly selected personnel. Useful UFO reports cannot be taken exclusively by telephone. The report forms in use are not likely to contain enough information to permit justification of conclusions, especially, as is inevitable, when they are not filled out completely and the interviewer makes little or no attempt to obtain the whole story.

All these factors must be taken into account when one considers the apparent UFO situation. Nearly all the data on which Air Force policy has been based have come first through UFO officers at various Air Force bases, and the faults noted above have played a major part in creating the impression that nothing of interest is to be found in UFO reports. The blame cannot be narrowed to a single person or procedure. The cause of this situation is primarily the inherent difficulties and inconveniences involved in UFO investigations.

It is not possible to establish an every Air Force base a competent UFO investigation team which can, leave other duties at a moment's notice to spend an hour or a day in the field. It is unreasonable to expect to find at every base people with the required training, experience and objectivity. While improvements can certainly be made at the Air Base level, the problem will not be solved by such improvements.

The only feasible way to commence handling UFO reports as they need to be handled is to greatly enlarge the capabilities of Project Blue Book. This is entirely aside from scientific investigations now under way; the scientific groups cannot possibly keep up with the reports, even if their sole task was investigation of UFO reports.