There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions and fields to be filled out.

18. Was the object - Self-luminous ?
Dull finish ? 
Reflecting ?
Transparent ?
19. Did the object fall to the earth or float white in motion ?
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead b. Pea c. Nickel d. Orange e. Grapefruit 
Or, if larger, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.
21. How did you happen to notice the object(s) ?
22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time ?
23. How did the object(s) disappear from view ?
24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a pistol or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude.
25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards ? If so, please elaborate.
26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s) from the observer.
27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky ?
28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.
29. Describe the Motion of the object(s), how it appeared, its brightness, and describe any color, if observed, and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over the area; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks, which may have been present.
30. Is there any physical evidence, as a possible landing, a burned area, or crashed object? If so, please describe.
31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date) or any other background information. We will return the materials to you.
33. Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators ? By any other federal, state, or local officials ? If so, please state the names, offices, and details of the questioning, if possible.
34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. Our action will encourage others to report similar experiences. However, if you do not want your name used, please indicate this below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own information. Please indicate whether you would object to further contact.