I do not see any photograph or image in this document. The text appears to be describing procedures and guidelines for processing, responding, and taking action on correspondence received from the public regarding UFO sightings and related matters. The text has been transcribed as follows:

AFR 200-2

d. Processing, answering, and taking action on correspondence received from the general public pertaining to the public relations, interest, and informational aspects of the subject.

7. Releasing Information. The Office of Information, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, will release to the public or official persons or agencies any information concerning UFO's, regardless of origin or nature. This includes replies to correspondence except concerning reports made by ASCS (FTD) and other Air Force activities by private individuals or organizations. The results of analyses and investigations of sightings.

8. Exceptions. In response to local inquiries re-  garding any UFO reported in the vicinity of an  Air Force base, the commander of the base concerned may release information for the general public only after positive identification as a familiar or known object. The commander must exercise care not to reveal any classified aspects of the sighting or investigation.

9. Release by Non-Air Force Sources. If news-  media sources wish to release information concern-  ing a UFO sighting, Air Force activities will make every effort to assure that the statements, figures, opinions, and allegations of persons inter-  viewed are not associated with or represented as official information. 

10. Contacts. Private individuals or organiza-  tions desiring Air Force interviews, briefings, or  any other requests to the Office of Informa-  tion, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, regarding UFO's, will not contact private individuals on UFO cases, nor will they discuss their operations unless so directed, and then only on a "need-to-  know" basis.

SECTION C - PREPARING AND SUBMITTING REPORTS

11. General Information:

a. Paragraphs 2 and 3 will serve as aids and  guidance for screening, investigations and re-  porting. Paragraph 14 contains an outline of the  current format. Attachments include planning guidance for collecting UFO data and phenomena, and  screen the information to determine whether the  report contains a valid UFO which will be defined in the provisions of this regulation.

b. To assist activities and personnel respon-  sible for handling, screening, and processing in-  formation and reports, guides to the types and sources of data and the follow-up of the general sources and types of reports.

c. Generally, initial UFO reports originate from two sources:
(1) Generally, initial UFO reports originate from two sources:
(a) Those observed by military air, marine, private, and pro-  fessional pilot-observer sources (control tower personnel, military observers, and the public in gen-  eral), by correspondence, telephone or personal contact.
(b) Military units and personnel (pilots, observers, radar operators, aircraft control and warning units, etc.) by telephone, electronic messaging, etc.

(2) Generally, UFO reports received from civil-  ian sources are of two types: 
(a) Those referring "strictly to an ob-  served UFO, containing either detailed or meager information.
(b) Those referring only in part to an  observed UFO, but primarily requesting infor-  mation on some aspect of the UFO program.

12. Methods for Transmitting Reports:

a. Together with any necessary recordings and  investigatory preparatory to reporting, report  all information on UFO's promptly. Electrical transmission with a "Priority" precedence is au-  thorized. The date of sighting. Electrically trans-  mitted reports over 3 days old should carry a "Routine" precedence.

b. Submit written reports of sightings over 3  days old on AF Form 112, "Intelligence Report."