The image contains a photograph that depicts a flying object as described in the text. The text describes the U.S. Air Force's investigation of the reported sightings of strange flying objects over Washtenaw County, Michigan. The text mentions that Rep. Weston E. Vivian will make an official inquiry of the incidents and that officials from the U.S. government and the Michigan State Police investigated the reports. The text also states that the object was described as "some 30 feet in diameter, with a glowing red center and a pulsing green rim".

THE ANN A
Ann Arbor, Michigan,

U.S. Asked
the Defense Department has told the News-Bureau that it will contact federal offices and detectives visited the area in Washtenaw County three times to conduct an investigation of the incidents.

Rep. Weston E. Vivian of the Washtenaw County District said he will make an official inquiry of the incidents, presumably to find out what the Defense Department has discovered.

The incidents were first reported Sunday night when a family living near Saline spotted the unidentified flying objects over the area. Later, other residents in the Saline and Ann Arbor areas reported sighting similar objects.

Assessment
Program
Defended

Donald G. McGusic, city welfare director, defended the city's program in a letter to Mayor Wendell E. Hulcher, charging that some of the statements made by critics of the program are based on 1963 figures. 

He said the city's program of the department to provide employment for those it considers in need is based on 1963 figures. The program, he contended, is determined to meet the present needs of the city annually is "determinant" and aid may be increased or decreased as needs are found.

Department of Labor Saying:

He Describes Flying
Frank Manner, 45, of Dexter Township, nis home aown the sheriff's car driving by
showed us the doodle of what he believes
lie described the object he saw as some
30 feet in diameter, with a glowing red center and a pulsing green rim.