The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically a military report form.

34. Have you completed this questionnaire:
17th
February
1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
This information is continued in this report that is given to me immediately after the sighting while the incident was fresh in my memory. I had sighted and observed several minutes while out looking for a pet Cat who had wandered off near our house during the day. I had gone out with my husband to call the Cat and as we were standing in the driveway looking around we both noticed a strange object in the sky. It was a round metal disc shaped object hovering silently over the trees about one-quarter mile away. It was reflecting the sun's rays and appeared to be about thirty to forty feet in diameter. It hovered motionless for several minutes and then suddenly shot straight up at a very high rate of speed and disappeared from sight. There was no sound heard at any time. After it disappeared we both stood there amazed and wondering what it could have been. It was not any type of aircraft that we are familiar with. I called the Air Force office the next day and reported what we had seen. The color of the object was a bright metallic gray.
The color of the position as the absolute immobility as the strange object hovered motionless for several minutes was most impressive. There was no vapor trail or any other sign of propulsion. The time that it was observed was 4:40 P.M. Daylight Savings time. The object would be completely without a drifting or oscillating motion of any kind. It just hovered perfectly still. After a few minutes it simply shot straight up at a very high rate of speed and disappeared. I am still amazed and perplexed as to what this strange object could have been. However, my wonderment far outweighs any desire for a close and detailed scrutiny of the object. All I desire is an explanation that will satisfy my curiosity.