The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, that describes various characteristics of jet aircraft and special low-level missions.

b) Private or non-scheduled flights - Same characteristics as conventional airliner. Speeds of light aircraft may be slower and the duration longer. Usually at lower altitudes. Sound will not be heard if the wind is blowing a certain way. Normal flight is VFR from some local airport. Not carried on flight clearance. Hardest type to check for positive identification. Evaluation made on flight characteristics.

JET AIRCRAFT
a) Visual characteristics depend upon the type of mission:
e) Airliner and high altitude missions - Characteristics are similar to conventional flights with the following exceptions: (1) The color is most often reported as red. (2) The sound is associated with the object. (3) Flight is usually straight or with one turn. Duration is about 3-5 minutes depending upon the degree of maneuver performed.
b) Special low level missions (military) - Mission flown at 2,000 ft. in known air corridors. Sighting is usually brief (one minute or less). Sight of an object which may appear to be hovering if the approach is directly toward the observer. May include a sudden burst of speed. No sound wind may carry sound away from observer. More than one flight may be involved. Flights are normally performed at night. These aircraft are not mis-interpreted during the day since wings, tail, and/or other features can be noted. (Simple route assumed)
c) Special tests or training missions - Characteristics will depend on the number of A/C, formation, type of A/C, etc. Can vary from a single A/C to multiple formations. These flights can be determined by contact with local, regional, or major air commands.
d) Jet with afterburner - Afterburner operation viewed from the side may give the appearance of a short flame. Color usually reported as blue, but size and character may be reported as disappearing completely or the witness may believe that the object passed off into space. Duration usually brief. Object frequently in a climb. As viewed from the rear as the object is going away from the observer the color reported may be red or orange with some yellow and blue.