There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of a meteor.

(1) Give your name and address.
(2) Where were you when you saw the meteor? (If the town is small please give county as well.)
(3) Give the date, hour and minute when the meteor appeared; also kind of time used.
(4) In what direction did it appear (or in what direction was it first seen)? This is not asking in what direction it was going!
(5) In what direction did it disappear (or in what direction was it last seen)? For questions 4 and 5, simply N., E., S., or W. is not accurate enough, unless these were the exact directions.
(6) At what height did it appear? (Use degrees in answering.)
(7) At what height did it disappear? (Use degrees in answering.)
(8) Did it pass directly overhead (i.e., through the zenith)?
(9) If not, to which side of the zenith did it go, and how far from it? (Use degrees in answering.)
(10) Did it appear to reach the horizon? What sort of a horizon have you?
(11) What angle did the path of the meteor make with the horizon and in which direction was it then going?
(12) If you are familiar with constellations describe the path of the meteor through the sky with reference to stars.
(13) Did the meteor appear to explode?
(14) What was the duration of its flight in seconds?
(15) Describe the train if one was left. If it lasted long enough to show drift, most carefully tell in what direction train drifted. Give sketch, if possible, showing this with regard to horizon.
(16) What was the duration of the train in seconds?
(17) Did you hear any sound?
How long after seeing the meteor was it before you heard this sound?
Did you hear an actual explosion? How long after seeing the explosion was it before you heard it?
(18) Of what color was the meteor?
(19) What was the size of the meteor? (Compare it with the Moon or with a planet or star.)
(20) Was more than one body seen before the explosion (if any)?
(21) What was condition of sky at time?
(22) Give names and addresses of others who saw the meteor.
(23) Please mail this reply to
Charles P. Oliver
AMERICAN METEOR SOCIETY
521 N. Wynnewood Ave
Narberth, Pennsylvania 19072