The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing an incident involving a glowing object observed by Deputy Fitzpatrick and Deputy Kelley in a swamp area. The document provides details about the location, the path of the object, the behavior of the glow, and the observations made by the deputies. The text describes the glow brightening and dimming, as well as its disappearance and reappearance. There is no mention of any human faces or individuals being identified in the document.

Text extracted from the document:

proceeded towards the glowing along a path marked by a dotted line,
(a path which I almost exactly repeated on Wednesday, 23 March in
the company of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley, to point in
From point B, Deputy Fitzpatrick observed a glow rising from
point marked C. Point C is also indicated on a map of the region.
Points A, B C & N are also indicated on figure 2. Deputy Fitzpatrick
reported that the glow reported at C brightened and dimmed slowly.
"as though stage lights were being lighted and dimmed". Deputy
Fitzpatrick never observed anything other than a glow. He did
not even observe the glow to rise to the treetop level as Mansor
and his son indicated it had.
While Deputy McFadden busied himself in another direction in
the swamp, Deputy Fitzpatrick proceeded towards the glow. The
deputies were equipped with flashlights and if the lights from
the flashlights were visible to Mr. and his son who
had now returned to the farm and were observing the deputies
search from afar. Deputy Fitzpatrick stated to me that he and
his flashlight approached the glow, but when he got close the glow
was apparently hidden by a slight rise in the terrain, the glow disappeared.
Deputy Fitzpatrick did not see it again, that reported that
as he(Fitzpatrick) approached with his flashlight(the area
of the glow) the glow disappeared there and immediately appeared
at a more distant point of the swamp. Mr. described the motion
of the glow as a smooth horizontal motion which did not follow the
contour of the land. He indicated that if this had been an ordinary