There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text produced by the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

18. Was the object --
a. Self-luminous? Y
b. Dull finish?
c. Reflecting?     y 
19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Nc -  
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead d. Nickel    g. Orange 
b. Pea     e. Silver dollar h. Grapefruit
c. Dime   f. Quarter      i. Softball  1/4 x 1/4

Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.
21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? 6crnns ,' 4,1•4,4 h.::- •.o seL; sr_ et. ) 3 5 ..4 .-..;.1
22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time you sighted the object(s)?  ...A.w.i's t-c..4/4 titt-t, i" Anis,- . woe. beg's- 
23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? r.";'4 n.4, 0 ir V".4°.4.11 "t "Nit! ir
24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a known aircraft or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude.
25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the vicinity at the time, or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate.
26. What aircraft, other than the subject of this report, were you able to see during the observation? i.nt.• 
27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? ?lease mar.* cn this hemisphere sketch.
28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.  /T-r.4 r w.t:te ,4e. 4. ;a i 4.4/r
29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its or their course over the area; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.
30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? Retie answer
31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, if possible) regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.
33. Were you interrogated by Air Force Investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name and give title of the agent, his office, and details as to where and when the questioning took place.
34. Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the Incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate carefully.
35. Date of filling out this report: 4-18-66.