There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. The document appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report, containing only text.

18. Was the object --
Self-luminous?
Blinking?
Transparent?
Reflecting?

19. Did the object(s) the size of a basketball or white in motion?

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pencil     b. Nickel     c. Silver Dollar     d. Orange     e. Grapefruit     Larger

21. BECAUSE OF THE BLINKINGFRIGHTS

22. Where were you going and what were you doing just before you noticed the object?
in a car at night on Rte. 44 about 2 miles west of Rehoboth, Mass.

23. How did the object(s) behave? 
Object first observed blinking & then increased to bright, steady whitish light before disappearing.

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a plane or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude.

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the same time as the object(s)? If so, please elaborate.

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s).

27. Please draw the position of the object(s) to the sky.

28. Names and addresses of any other witnesses, if any.

29. From the direction from which the object(s) appeared and the direction from which it disappeared, what was the apparent course or path of the object(s)? Note any turns, stops, acceleration, maneuvers, etc.
Appeared at the left and disappeared at the right.

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area?

31. Have you ever had any previous experience in observing any unidentifiable aerial objects? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.

32. As a result of your sighting, have you had any unusual experiences, or has there been any unusual activity in your family, friends, or neighborhood that you feel may be connected to this or similar observations? We shall keep the material confidential.

33. Were you instructed by any official or unofficial person not to reveal or discuss your observations? If so, please state the name and rank or title of the agent, his office, and details as to where and when the questioning took place.

34. We should like additional information to quote your name. To connection with this report. This section will encourage other responsible citizens to report their own observations. Please print your name and address below.

35. Date of filling out this report: 3-7-66

Signature: [Signature]