There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

REMY SIGHTING

Persons making sighting: Iarel Remy RR 3 Rushville, Ind. USA age 45, P Daughter - Christine Remy, age 22, Housewife, Education-12 yrs.
Also Harry Remy, age 45, Employed -International Furniture, Education - 10 yrs.

Date of Observation: Oct. 12, 1966, 8:55 p.m. (WST) at approx. 9:00 PM

Location of Observation: 6 miles N. by NE of Rushville near Ginge. (Approx. 5 miles SE of Heres.)

Sky conditions: Clear, Cool, no moon, no wind, good night.
Total time seen: She was uncertain, over 5 minutes?

Narrative:
Mrs. Remy came in from outside and said "I saw some outside and he said he saw something outside of the wire and just looked at it". Iarel said he always laughed at the whole idea of such things. So all three went outside to look at the lights. They said the object was not as large and bright as a full moon. It was red color, 3/4 the size of a full moon. It had stopped still and was hovering there. The top and bottom due south of them. The husband now changed his mind and said this was the object they had seen before. He said it moved to the southeast. Suddenly the object made a leap thru the air and the length of the jump thru the sky was estimated as at least 500 feet for the jump. It was bright enough to light up the surrounding area for 1/2 to a full second like daylight. It then stopped instantly. It as motionless stationary for several minutes then suddenly made another leap of the same distance. After the second jump it would stay motionless again. It was doing this in a zig-zag fashion, changing directions each time at a right angle. As it comes up so great that on the next it spread and seemed to hover. It traveled at a speed that would not blur the vision of the object. As it came up so close to them while hovering and staying still, then it suddenly seemed to move around the object in a horizontal plane as if the object itself turned without changing its position. A dim grayish hazy outline that would not blur the lights. One time it came so close to them they had to duck to avoid its apparent path. It passed high overhead going west. As the object moved further north it began and growing dimmer from sight.

Note: The radar at a nearby airfield was said to be "disturbed" at the time, but the witnesses could not confirm this.