The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper article describing a sighting of a "Flying Saucer Over Belvidere" by an 8-year-old girl while playing with her dog. The article describes the sighting, including details about the "sparkling orange and green inverted saucer" that the girl observed.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

FLYING SAUCER OVER BELVIDERE
NOTICED FIRST BY GIRL, 8, 
WHILE PLAYING WITH DOG

A sparkling orange and green inverted saucer which turned completely while at a high altitude over Belvidere was first noticed by Martha Stewart of 401 Mansfield St., the object had "square windows." The girl, who was playing with her dog in the back yard, saw the odd object above her. Although, she added, it appeared to be quite a distance away.

EASTON EXPRESS, FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1966

Mrs. Stewart said her daughter told her she saw the saucer while playing with the dog. Mrs. Stewart said the object was quite close at first, then appeared to go further away. Her daughter told her the object seemed to be turning as it moved up and away. Mrs. Stewart said her daughter was quite upset, but Mrs. Stewart said she did not see the object herself.

Mrs. Stewart called her husband at his place of business and he, in turn, called a neighbor who came to the house to investigate. However, the object had disappeared by the time the neighbor arrived. A passing motorist, however, noticed the commotion at the Stewart home and stopped to see what was happening. He also looked at the sky but did not see the object.

Mrs. Stewart said her daughter was quite upset. Mrs. Stewart said she thought she noticed the object through a window, but when she looked out she could not see anything. She said her son wanted to take the little girl to a doctor because she was so disturbed by what she had seen.

Mrs. Stewart said she kept her child in the house after the incident occurring at 5:30 p.m. to put the children in bed. When her husband came home, he said he did not see anything but said he would watch for the saucer again the next day. Mrs. Stewart said that when her husband came home, her daughter told him what she had seen. Asked if she planned to keep a lookout for flying saucers, Mrs. Stewart said she would be more concerned with other matters and probably think I'm a "peeping Tom."