This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which was a project by the United States Air Force to investigate UFO reports.

The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or report form with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object. The questions cover details such as the speed, distance, and location of the observed object, as well as the observer's actions and perceptions during the sighting.

The text is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Very very fast

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other in a (blotted out) Tower

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West f. Northeast g. Southeast h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other Chemicals Some

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed.
Whitish in colour not very high up appeared to be disc shaped and kept appearing and disappearing and moving rapidly first at one place then another.