There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. The document appears to be an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text contained in the document is as follows:

18. Was the object ---
a. Self-luminous?
b. Dull finish?
c. Reflecting? 
d. Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? (c-olL&-'&cL)

20. Tell the approximate size of the object(s) when compared with the following items or man's length:
a. Pinhead 
b. Dime
c. Half dollar 
d. Nickel
e. Silver dollar
f. Orange
g. Grapefruit

Or, if smaller, state the apparent size in inches on a familiar object as the man's length.

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)?

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time you noticed the object(s)?

23. How and in what direction did the object(s) move from your view?

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a plane, jet aircraft or the same apparent altitude.

25. Were there any substantial clouds in the location of the time the object(s) was observed? If so, please elaborate.

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s).

27. What was the approximate size of the object(s) in the sky?

28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.

29. Please draw a map of the locality of where the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over the area (roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile).

30. Is there an aircraft, military, governmental, or research installation in the area?

31. Have you seen another object of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, if possible). We will return the material to you.

33. You may use my name. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to do likewise by checking the proper statement below. "You may use my name" or "You may not use my name". Please fill in all parts of this form, for our own confidential files. Thank you for your cooperation.

34. We should like invitation to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to do likewise by checking the proper statement below. (In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own confidential files.)

35. Date of filling out this report: April 3, 1966

Signature: D. Russell B. Richardson