There is no photograph in the image provided. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text on the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No I can only say extremely

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No Only that it just seemed to be floating there. 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors In the back yard, just outside.
d. Other (type)

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a
b. In the residential section of
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Flying over urban area?
g. Other (specify)

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North e. East i. South m. West
b. Northeast f. Southeast j. Southwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass No h. Other (specify) I only saw it with my own eyes.

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object or objects you saw. 
A bright light that did seem to have a form or shape to it, but can only say it was extremely fast and seemed to float or hover for a short time before disappearing. The light was very bright and caught my eye and attention as I was outside in my back yard. It did not seem to be a conventional aircraft, but rather something very unusual and unfamiliar.