The image contains a diagram or sketch of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The diagram shows the object's shape, color, and other details, as described in the text of the document.

TRANSCRIBED TEXT:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It flatlanded, descended gradually, then disappeared with a slight rocking motion. It was very distinctly visible at first, then very gradually faded away.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
If answered YES, then tell what.
Don't know. My eyes did not scan the horizon and sky very thoroughly. I was concentrating intently on the object. I do not recall seeing it move behind any clouds or other objects.

16. Did the object at any time change in shape or color while you were watching it?
If you answered YES, then describe the changes.
Don't know. I really don't recall noting any changes in shape or color. I was so absorbed in observing the object that I'm afraid I can't give you any details on color or shape changes.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - There was no sound that I could detect.
b. Color -  The color from a distance seemed to be yellow, orange, or gold. It had a self-luminous quality, not merely reflecting light.
c. Size - I would estimate the size at 40 to 45 feet in length.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or coin's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object's width is covered by the length of the match. If you had compared the object's size at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match stick?
If the object was 40-45 feet long, I would estimate that the match stick would have covered about 1/3 to 1/4 of the object's length.

19. Can you furnish any additional data such as drawings, diagrams or pictures of the object? If so, please enclose or describe such material. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, protrusions, etc., and also state the exact direction the object was moving and the date and time of the incident.
The diagram I've included shows the object as I recall seeing it. It was below treetop level and seemed to be moving very slowly in a horizontal direction, but I'm not sure of the exact course or direction. This sighting occurred on September 8, 1966.