There is no photograph present in this image. 

Text Extracted from the Document:

Ladd, Illinois 61329
October 16, 1966

Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Aeronautical Technical Intelligence Center
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

On July 8th, 1966, I witnessed a rather bizarre aerial phenomenon directly west of my home town of Ladd. Until now I have been reluctant to submit this information, fearing ridicule and accusations of being a crank, but I feel I must now come forward.

Almost a week ago, I overheard two older gentlemen and a younger man in the local diner discussing what I now believe may have been the same type of phenomenon I observed in Ladd. The men, who were an English and social studies teacher in the local high school and a retired insurance salesman, seemed quite perplexed by the incident and were convinced that several people in the vicinity of Princeton, Illinois, which is several miles from Ladd, had also witnessed this strange occurrence.

From their description, it seemed that from the discussions and the descriptions I have heard, this triangular craft that was observed is quite similar to the phenomenon I witnessed in Ladd. It seemed that from their discussions and the descriptions I have heard, this triangular craft that was observed is quite similar to the phenomenon I witnessed in Ladd. This triangular craft, it seemed, hovered silently directly over the town at an altitude of about 800-1000 feet, its speed of movement was quite slow, and it displayed no visible means of propulsion. It was completely silent in operation and was illuminated from within by a soft, pulsating blue-green glow. This thing occurred almost directly over the town and to the best of my knowledge there was absolutely no publicity given to it in the local media. The reason I did not come forward sooner was due to a fear of ridicule, as I realize that tales of "flying saucers" and the like are often greeted with skepticism and derision. However, now that I have heard of similar sightings in the area, I feel compelled to report my own observations, in the hope that they may be of some interest to your organization.

Sincerely yours,
[REDACTED]

P.S. The trail, or air disturbance, left by this craft as it moved silently overhead was quite remarkable and seemed to leave a distinct trail which lingered for several minutes after the craft had passed.