The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document titled "AFR 200-2" that outlines procedures for the investigation of UFO sightings under Project Blue Book.

The text in the document reads as follows:

AFR 200-2

2. Project information. The Office of Legislative Liaison (SAFLL) is to be notified in accordance with AFR 11-7.

3. Processing Air Force UFO reports. Air Force activities will cooperate with Air Force UFO investigators to insure the expeditious and proper accomplishment of investigations and analyses. When feasible, full air technical intelligence/operations evaluations will be made.

4. Guidance. The thoroughness and quality of investigations and analyses of UFO's are important. Investigators should be chosen only by the skill and resourcefulness of the personnel who comprise the investigative team/or prepare the report. The usefuLness and credibility of any official UFO report depends on the completeness, objectivity, and expertise of the investigation. Guidelines for screening, evaluating, and reporting UFO sightings are:

a. Careful study of the report to determine its credibility and consistency. An interview with the observer is especially valuable in determining the reliability and the accuracy of the report. Attention are the observer's age, occupation, and background, which may influence the report.

b. Theodolite measurements of angles, elevations, and azimuths, if feasible, as an aid in determining the size, distance, and speed of the UFO.

c. Intercepion, identification, or air search, if possible, and within the scope of air defense regulations.

d. When feasible, contact with local aircraft control and warning (ACW) units, and with pilots and crews of any aircraft which may have been in the area at the time of the sighting, and with other persons or organizations that may have additional data on the UFO can or can offer corroboration.

e. Consultation with military or civilian weather forecasters for data on tracks or weather balloons released in the area and any unusual meteorological activity which may have a bearing on the sighting.

f. Consultation with navigators and astronomers in the area to determine whether any astronomical body or phenomenon would account for the sighting.

g. Contact with military and civilian tower operators, air operations units, and airlines to determine if they have any information which would aid in the investigation.

SECTION B - PUBLIC RELATIONS, INFORMATION, CONTACTS, AND RELEASES

6. Maintaining Public Relations. The Office of Information is responsible for:

a. In coordination with the AFSDC (FTD), maintaining contact with the public and the press on all aspects of the UFO program and its related activities.

b. Releasing information on UFO sightings and results of investigations.

c. Periodically releasing information on this subject to the general public.