There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a newspaper called "The Ann Arbor" from Ann Arbor, Michigan, dated Monday, March 21, 1966.

Here is the text output from the OCR:

LANDING OF SE
LANSING (UPI) - Frederick Manser, who lives on a green color, he said. That col-
R. Haines, assistant state ven- Frank Manser, who lives on a green ored object was from 30 to 40 feet
sor of civil defense, said today he color, he said. That colored object in diameter and was about 50 feet
is launching an investigation into was from 30 to 40 feet in diameter off the ground.
reports of flying objects near Ann and was about 50 feet off the ground. He said he had seen the object
Arbor. Lt. Col. Frank Davis, deputy Several times when the observations
LLS Haines said he has received re- on the McDonnell intersection. The fit) object was yellow-white in
ports that a strange object was saw- object was yellow-white in color and color and seemed transparent.
lng over the area for several hours the light ran horizontal and then ver- Frank Manser, said he grabbed his
Sunday evening. tical. "Flashes" were seen along the camera and took motion pictures
"I want to do a survey in that area sides of the object.
to get some verification and details," As the object passed over him, it "But the battery was run down and
Davis said. caused a whine like a jet aircraft as I couldn't get it to operate," he said.
The recent sighting in the past it passed. Manser said he observed the ob-
week has become a topic of con- ject for about 15 minutes and then it 
siderable Interest in the villlages When flashlights used by a De- appeared to rise directly up into the
north of Detroit. The object, first troit News photographer became very sky.
spotted last night with a flash of bright and the object disappeared, "It looked something like a rich-
light, was landed in Dexter Town- "The lights were so bright, they oily sheen, when it was going up,"
shIp. apparently blacked out the object," he said.
State Police at Ypsilanti said that Patrol]man Robert Hunsaker, who 
reports of the object were received state he observed the object, said it 
from residents of Dexter and Chelsea appears to have been about 50 feet in Reports Set
villages. The object was described diameter and from 150 to 300 feet off -
as "colored," and said to be "a quaIt- the ground.
ed in shape." The report which began the On City Use
A preliminary search for the ob- search was received from Robert
ject was conducted in the area yes- Phillips, who said he saw the object Of Lawyers 
terday. but no trace of the craft was in the sky about 8:30 p.m. Sunday.
found, authorities said.  Reports relating to proceedings
involved in hiring out-
"We are continuing our search for DRAWING SHOWN side counsel for the city attorney
the object," Davis said. MORE will be presented to the City
"We don't know if it was anything Council at its 7:30 p.m. meeting today.

significant or just someone's farm The council will be presented a Howl it Look
tractor," he added. drawing of one of the unidentified
flying objects reported seen over
The report which began the Dexter Township. This drawing, made
search came from Robert Phillips, from a description provided by
who said he saw the object in the Patrolman Robert Hunsaker, shows
sky about 8:30 p.m. Sunday.
This drawing of one of the unidentified flying objects reported over Dexter Township
shows details such as the shape and size as described by Patrolman Robert Hunsaker.