There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

1969 Photo Sg.: Daily motion picture photographer, tracking missiles launched at Vandenberg AFB. Missed object due to malfunction, but like observer number 1 he also could not identify the object with anything he was familiar with. The supervisor should report sightings from both observers fell reluctant to support the UFO report.

Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
(1) Observer number 1 - Ceiling 1000 ft. haze and rain.
(2) Observer number 2 - Visibility in the valley in the direction of the object was good due to the wind velocity which he guessed to be about 32 knots.
(2) Surface wind at Vandenberg AFB which is the closest weather station was 14° at 12 knots.
(3) 6000 ceiling
(4) 7 miles
(5) Overcast
(6) N/A
(7) N/A

"Report by the Presparing Officer with local airports, Base air police, range operations and Battelle Northwest: A company operating in the area of the sighting failed to produce any unusual occurrences."

1. N/A

"According to the Base weather station, the peak hour at 6 a.m. 8 December 1966 at Ely, Nevada and South Vandenberg GS Range was 5 m.p.h. However, none of the agencies launched a red or orange balloon or a balloon of the color that could have been identified as the UFO."

Cy L. Asta, Captain, USAF, PV310950J, Helicopter Pilot, 4392 Aerospacion Support Group, Vandenberg AFB, California.

Analysis by preparing officers: A visual check of the area by helicopter pilots disclosed nothing visually that could be attributed to the reported UFO. This could have been due to the lapse of time (over 12 hours) from the time of the sighting to the time of the visual check. It is the opinion of the preparing officer that the object observed was a round vehicle that was traveling up Honda Canyon Road. It is the opinion of the preparing officer that the object observed was a round vehicle that was traveling up Honda Canyon Road.