There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Proceeded to interview Mrs. ______ "I did not really see the object very clearly since my glasses aren't very good. It didn't look like the Ozark Airlines plane I saw it for about 15 seconds moving from the NW to the SE. I'm sorry I can't tell you more about it, but I really didn't see it very well."

Called Miss ______ student at the Illinois Wesleyan University.
"At first I thought it was an airplane. I was walking east on Sherman Avenue on campus and looked up and saw the blinking lights. I really couldn't tell you what the shape was. It did have a blinking red light on it and I kind of think it was an airplane. The object was not a normal airplane shape. It was totally different with these also white and blue blinking lights. Tom is a science student and he said that it wasn't an airplane. This all happened about 7 o'clock in the evening."

"I was walking north at about 6:45 P.M. The object I saw did not look like a small Cessna. I am familiar with airplanes since I have flown in them for about 20 hours. This object was about 1000 feet up, seemed very large, round, white and blue blinking lights. It normally moved very slowly and made quick turns. It did not make any noise at all. I remember it was quite close to me. The blasting direction was from Normal and then to the east when it went out of sight. I could not tell you what shape it had if any. I'm sure it wasn't any airplane. I'm a science student and have flown before and I've never seen an airplane like this."

Call to Ozark Airlines, ______
"The weather on the night of the sighting was 3 thousand broken at 6,500 feet. The wind was W3W at about 15 knots. Normally a DC-3 out of Chicago arrives at 6:51 and departs at 7:03. It flies V-2 from Pontiac to Bloomington. On this particular night the runway was used by the DC-3. On this particular night the standard lighting is Red left wing tip, Green right wing tip, Red rotating anti-collision on top of the tail and a red and white alternating on the back of the tail."