There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

OCR output:

Feb. 9, 1967

Dear Sir:

We did learn of your position as head of Project Blue Book to investigate U.F.O.'s, from the article published in LOOK special issue on Flying Saucers.

We have for some time been wondering whom to contact (as we do not want to be made fun of) to relate the mysterious flying sauchin we witnessed in flight as seen over our home in our small town community, as prominent manufacturers of electronic and computing equipment. 

We feel we should not give too much information at this writing as we do not want to write any description other than the facts that at about 5:00 p.m. one evening, my wife and I observed a tremendous speed and lights, this much we mention to convey to you that this incident could be a more accurate and vivid discription could be given, but in the event this is a classified or security type aircraft, as we understand you need security clearance to even enter the building on whose roof this aircraft, nor attached to the roofs or hovering over ground, and a considerable amount of activity such as vibrations was between the aircraft and the ground during several minutes while in sight.

We were parked approximately 300 feet away and for the length of time of ten minutes and from two different locations, this giving us a pretty good view. The aircraft first attracted our attention as it popped into space at tremendous speed and brilliant lights. As soon as it came, it dropped down very rapidly to about 10 or 12 feet above ground and this craft would not pass over, but just hung there as I looked up directly into the source of the bright lights that engulfed the highyly.

We would like to know if we could release the description of this incident, as we feel after reading some of the sightings which are being mentioned, but none of them what we have read about can give an account such as what we witnessed and where it took place.

Sincerely Yours,
Mr. & Mrs. [Redacted]
[Redacted], New Jersey 08052
Phone: 609
[Redacted]
Lenhola, New Jersey 
P.O. Box 66
Phone: 609