There is no photograph in the provided image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in
regarding to the observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses
to give answers to say, do not complete report.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.

3.a. Name Wm. Fisher   Age 57   Occupation Teacher
   b. Shape of Object Like a hamburger bun   Color White
   c. Size (compare to some known object, e.g., basketball, baseball, or larger item) Size of a four-engine plane
   d. Direction and elevation if more than one  At 46º above horizon
   e. Number of Objects One
   f. Unusual features of object None
   g. Was the object steady in the sky or moving No, steady
   h. What called attention to the observer Flashed brightly for 3 sec
   i. What angle and elevation was the object on first observation Did not take angle, elevation at 46°
   j. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared Disappeared behind hazy cloud
   m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and were there any maneuvers of the object Straight, level
   n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.) Disappeared behind hazy cloud

   o. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.) 1/2 hr
   p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescope, binoculars, etc.) Naked eye

   q. Time and date of sighting 9:04 pm July 3
   r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk) Night

   s. Geographical position of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.) Southwest of observer

   t. Weather conditions (clear, cloudy, etc.) Hazy

   u. Temperatures of day (80°, 90° etc.) 85°
   v. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above: None

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made
to confirm nor deny the observation of the object.