There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page of text from a report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was the United States Air Force's systematic study of unidentified flying objects.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

"to tell you exactly what happened. My brother became interested in these crazy things and the crazier notions that have a building place. And we spent several evenings with him chasing these things in his Jeep, since and because of the strain of these wilderness trips the Jeep has lost an axle and?buff of use. But one evening we decided to find a road to the top of the highest mountain peak so that we could watch for lights. We finally arrived at a forest service station, and from there we could see a higher peak and on the tip top we could see what looked like domes and antennae's and we decided to adventure and see what we could see. We followed a road, one way width, very rutty and wet and hard to get through, but we finally made it and found none of this property was government posted nor were there any fences or keep out signs so gates we nothing. This top of this road was at approx. an 20 degree single up. My brother parked the Jeep about half way up because we were afraid that we could not turn around to come back down. The three men got out and with a small flashlight they walked up the hill. A few minutes passed and finally we saw all three of them running like son of a gun down the hill toward us. Now we thought they were being silly and trying to scare us four women in the car and we were getting a big kick out of it until they got in the Jeep and whatsoffed they were not saying a word they just hustled that Jeep out of there and away we went. Finally they calmed down and told us their story. They had arrived at the dome shaped structures and as they were flashing their light around they heard a crazy voice, as if it were on a record player on a very fast speed say "Can't talk now, someone's coming" and then they heard a glass click click, click, as if switches were being snapped off. Well it scared the heck out of them and that is when they started running. Mind you by this time it was pitch black out and they could see nor hear no one or no thing."