The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an excerpt from a document. I will now proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

Objects as being from this planet or others, the meaning and having that is being done only under the public mass doubtful of your explanations, no matter how true they are.
We are not all ignorant people, nor are those in the government services all geniuses. We are living in the space age, and the scope of the work done when what we are in a position to travel to other planets and build manned stations in space, so why should we be made to feel that when we are the only form of life which God gifted with the superior intelligence capable of achieving things.
We learn in school and in books now, that the sun is only one of a hundred thousand similar stars in our galaxy which can benefit a planet near it with its life giving resources. We also learn that astronomers believe that out of the 100 billion stars in the Milky Way, several million of them should be capable of supporting life, or one in every 1,500 cubic light years. Also, most of the people know that there is natural evidence of an organic form of life on Mars.
I feel the public is capable of accepting, and should be told truthfully, whether there is or is not, any chance of these objects being from other planets which are in, or outside of our galaxy.
If I may quote from a book entitled "The Universe", "Under the circumstances, one might expect that intelligent beings on planets around other stars, having reached the same conclusion as we have, that this universe could be life on other planets"), would try to communicate with their distant, probable colony some of them are trying."
I would like to hear from you on this subject. I realize that I seemed to claim any questions and doubts are in the minds of uneducated people today, when this is an urgent need for them to be answered if we are to be called an intelligent people capable of believing in our fellow men and living in peace with all, no matter who they are or where they are from.
Thank you for allowing me to take up your valuable time.
Very truly yours,
[Signature]