This image is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document appears to be a letter or report, but there is no photograph included in this particular page.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

United States Weather Bureau
Washington, D.C.

Florence, Italy
July 14, 1966

First of all I don't think I am sending this letter to the proper office but I have no addresses with me. Therefore, if you cannot help me, please refer this letter to someone who can.

I am presently studying at the Florence campus of Stanford University. We terminated our first quarter of study on June 16 and began our second quarter of study on June 27. I had a very curious phenomenon for which I would like an explanation.

On the night of June 13 at about 9:30, the site of our residence hall there appeared in the sky a strange object. This object had the shape of a flattened disk or oval and was definitely not an airplane, helicopter, or any aircraft that I am familiar with. It was completely silent and seemed to be hovering over the countryside. After hovering for about 30 seconds, it suddenly shot away at a fantastic rate of speed, disappearing in a matter of seconds. I was utterly amazed at this sight and as I lay down on my back examining it, I say it would be about the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length. It was a steady white light, not blinking, and seemed to be self-luminous. I have never seen anything like it before and as I said, I am at a loss to explain what it could have been. There was a milky shape surrounding the light, almost like a halo. I tried to wake up some of the other students to look at it but it disappeared before I could get them to see it.

To change the subject for a moment, I looked up to the sky suddenly it seemed to be the glow. Suddenly it seemed to be the glow. Suddenly it seemed to the growing dawn, and becoming more and more brilliant. Then intense white light flooded the horizon area and quickly seemed to spread and fill the sky above us. This light was so intense that it frightened me and I sat up thinking that the place was on fire. But as I glanced around, I saw nothing burning and the light slowly dimmed and disappeared. This happened within about 45 seconds. I was all alone at the time and truly frightened by this strange light phenomenon. I say I did not know.