The image contains a photo analysis report for an unidentified flying object observed in Colorado Springs, Colorado in November 1966. The report includes 7 polaroid prints of the object, which was photographed at night using a flash. The analysis describes the object's characteristics, such as its circular shape with a domed top and flat bottom, and the size and location of the light emitted from the object. The report was prepared by Douglas H. Crouch, an Investigative Research Specialist, and approved by William K. Turner, Chief of the Photo Analysis Branch.

TEXT OUTPUT FROM OCR:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 67-16
SUBJECT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT 
LOCATION Colorado Springs, Colorado
DATE November 1966
AF
PRNS 7 polaroid prints (B&W) 
1. PURPOSE: This report is in reply to a request submitted by Major Quintanilla (TDSTR) to determine the identity of the object photographed.
2. ANALYSIS: Examination of the seven submitted polaroid-type prints has passed double blind analysis/reconstitution as contained in considered. The object, which appears only on photos one and two, was photographed at night using a flash. This is evidenced by the uniform shadows formed around the object. The object appears circular with a domed top and flat bottom having a diameter of 20 to 25 feet. The background indicates the object was situated approximately 250-300 feet from the camera. This is based on the small size of the object as it appears in the photos. By computing the camera focal length versus the size of the object as it appears in the photos, it is determined the object is approximately 250-300 feet from the camera. The light source which appears illuminating the object appears to be located on the ground and immediately beyond the perimeter of light emitted by the flash attachment. This location outside of the perimeter indicates the object is approximately 2-3 feet distant from the light source.
PHOTO ANALYSIS BY: Douglas H. Crouch 
APPROVED BY:
William K. Turner
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch
Walter J. Winchell
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division