The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed letter describing a sighting of a "flying saucer" over the Duluth International Airport in Minnesota. The letter is addressed to the UFO reporting center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and describes the observer's detailed account of the object's movements and characteristics.

Duluth International Airport, Minnesota 
June 1966

UFO
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Gentlemen:

I saw the first "flying saucer" tonight. I was coming back from Midnight Chow at approximately 2315 hours and, as is my usual habit, glanced up at the stars. One of the stars was definitely dimmer and pulsating. At first I thought it might be an Aerobee-Hi research missile launching, but as I continued to observe, I noticed that it was changing direction and even back-tracking along the constellation Cygnus. My attention was drawn to what, at first, seemed to be a bright star gradually came in to view, as a tremendous stationary object hovering in the sky. It traveled its erratic path (moving left, right, and even backwards) only to return to a point between Cygnus and Vega in Lyra toward the constellation Corona Borealis. It "disappeared" in the immediate vicinity of Corona Borealis for four minutes, then looked like a star again. Then it looked almost like a star when it came into view again, only to swell up tremendously, show a brilliant color, and disappear between Hercules, right foot and Serpens' southeast, and disappeared between Hercules' right foot and Serpens' southeast.

The total observed time was approximately from 2315 to 2325 (I did not have a watch).

The stars near the "flying saucer" were stationary as it moved right, left, and backwards. There, and became sharper, due to atmospheric conditions.  

I may that it is happened to be gaining altitude because when I first sighted the object it was in the area of Corona Borealis and as I continued to observe it, it appeared to be gaining in size, similar to a star which appears to be twinkling.

The magnitude of its velocity was greater than that of any satellite I have ever seen. The direction of its velocity was well, as the saying goes, "There ain't no way". It just was not a satellite.

Thank you for your time.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]