There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a typed document that describes the investigation of two UFO sightings in Michigan, one in Dexter on March 20, 1966, and one in Hillsdale on March 21, 1966. The document discusses the details of the sightings, the observations made by witnesses, and the investigation conducted by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, a scientific consultant for Project Blue Book.

Air Force Statement Regarding the UFO Sightings at Dexter, Michigan, on March 20, 1966, and Hillsdale, Michigan, on March 21, 1966

The investigation of these two sightings was conducted by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, scientific consultant for Project Blue Book at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

In addition to these two specific cases, there has been a flood of reports from this area before and after March 20 and 21. The investigating personnel have not had the time to investigate all of these. It has been determined, however, that in Hillsdale, over and above the sincere and honest reporting by the young ladies at Hillsdale College, certain young men have played around with flares. It has also been determined that in Dexter, a local newsman on March 17, just before the incident, purchased a strobe light which could possibly account for the press scare which arose just before the Hillsdale sightings. The photograph clearly shows trails made as a result of a time exposure of the rising crescent moon and the planet Venus.

The majority of observers in both the Dexter and Hillsdale cases have reported seeing only a distant glow - a red, yellow, and blue-green. They have not described an object. The only two observers who did describe all details have stated that they were no closer than 500 yards - better than a quarter of a mile away - a distance which does not allow for detail to be determined.

Witnesses have described glowing lights - lights that seem to move but never take a definite place or lights which suddenly disappear and pop up at another place. The locals in both cases were familiar with the location of the glow and pinpointed it. At Hillsdale it was seen in a swampy depression between the girls' and the distant trees. It was in both cases a very localized phenomena. The swampy location is most significant.

Swamps are a place of emission and decomposition. Swamps are not a province of astronomers. Yet, the famous Dutch astronomer, Minnaert, in his book, Light and Colour in the Open Air, describes lights that have been seen in swamps by the astronomer Bessel and other observers. The lights resemble only faintly something celestial. The lights sometimes white, sometimes red, and sometimes blue-green. No heat is felt, and the lights do not turn or char the ground. They can appear for hours at a stretch and sometimes for a whole night. Generally, there is no smell and no sound except the popping sound sometimes when a gas is released.

The Hillsdale and Dexter sightings are identical with this description. The colors are sometimes yellow, sometimes red, and sometimes blue-green. No heat was felt, and the lights did not turn or char the ground. They appeared for varying periods, sometimes short, sometimes as long as a stretch. Generally, there was no smell and no sound.