The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned document or report. 

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in to give answers to Japan on unidentified object sighted (UFO). If person refuses to give answers, indicate.
2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.
3. a. Name: CCCCCCCCCCCCC, Age 57, Occupation Assistant Manager, Louisiana Purchase, New Orleans
    b. Shape of Object: _sharp_
    d. Size (compare to time, quarter, baseball, or larger item) 30-40 feet
    f. Formation: if more than one.
    g. Number of Objects: 1
    h. Unusual features of object: _light reflecting off/ a birds veill, light_
    i. Any sound: No sound
    j. What called attention to the observer: Observed it for 15-20 minutes, lit up another area
    k. What angles and elevation was the object on first observation: Approx 45-60 degrees
1. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared: Disappeared straight up, couldn't see any more
m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and were there any maneuvers of the object: North to South, no maneuvers
n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.): Disappeared straight up, couldn't see any more
o. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.): 15-20 minutes
p. How was the object observed (naked eye, binoculars, telescope, binnoculars, etc.): Naked eye
q. Time and date of sighting: 8:55PM, 5/21/1966
r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk): Night, dusk
s. Geographical position of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.): North of Houston, South of Pasadena
t. Weather conditions day, hazy cloudy, etc.): Clear day, hazy clouds
u. Temperatures of day (80°, 90° etc.): 75°
OTHER INFORMATION: No confirmation was made, as described.

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made. If confirmed, the observer will be contacted.