There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

As a result of studying intensively the 12 subject cases, the study team was unable to develop a verified model of a "flying saucer". However, the four categories of reported flying objects (as shown in Figures 4 through 12) did evolve and could be used for future reference.

The conclusions contained in Special Report No. 14 noted that:

It is considered to be highly improbable that reports of unidentified aerial objects examined in this study represent observations of technological developments outside of the range of present-day scientific knowledge. It is emphasized that there has been a complete lack of any valid evidence of physical manifestations claimed.

Ad Hoc Committee of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board:

Early in 1966, an ad hoc committee of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board reviewed the resources and methods of investigation prescribed by Project Blue Book, at the request of Maj. Gen. E. B. LeBailly, Secretary of the Air Force Office of Information. After reviewing the findings of the 1953 Robertson panel, and hearing briefings by Air Force Project Blue Book personnel, the committee then reviewed selected case histories of UFO sightings.

The committee felt that it was significant that in spite of thousands of hours of astronomical observation and photographic coverage, "not a single unidentified object has been reported as appearing on any of these plates or been sighted visually in all these observations." Finally, it was concluded that "in the 19 years since the first UFO was sighted, there has been no evidence that unidentified flying objects are a threat to our national security."

However, in order to reduce the number of reported flying objects classified as "Unidentified", the reports included recommendations for strengthening the project staff, contracting with a private agency for scientific and technical analysis, and improving public education on the nature of UFO phenomena.