The image contains a handwritten sketch depicting some unidentified objects or phenomena. The sketch shows a few shapes or forms with lines trailing behind them, suggesting movement. There are also some stars or shapes that may represent the sky or background.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The answer provided indicates the object did not disappear completely, but was "almost" out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? The answer indicates the object did move behind something, which is described as "cloads" (likely referring to clouds).

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? The answer indicates the object did move in front of something, with the respondent circling "YES".

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - the response is blank, indicating no sound was observed. b. Color - the response is "whitish yellowish lights".

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time, please state the result. The response indicates the object was approximately 1/8 the size of the match stick held at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you now such as wings, projections, etc.; and specifically outline trails or vapor trails. An arrow is included to indicate the direction the object was moving.

Moving on to the OCR portion:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
the object did not disappear completely, but was almost out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
Yes, it moved behind cloads.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
yes

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound 
b. Color whitish yellowish lights

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time, please state the result.
1/8 of the match stick

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you now such as wings, projections, etc.; and specifically outline trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.