There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

NOT FOR PUBLICATION Page #2 11/17/67

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Objects (U.F.O.'S) and was advised to contact Troop Headquarters if he desired copies of any State Police reports. He requested that reports of U.F.O.'S be suppressed from any sensational news publicity as much as possible. 

5. At 10:00 P.M., 11/1/67, STANLEY CAR, telephonically contacted Trp. A.J. HENDRICKS and stated that the blinking lights or object observed by a field on Buckhorn Road. Tpr. A.J. HENDRICKS was assigned to interview complaint.

6. On 11/1/67, Trooper HENDRICKS and H.C. WITMAN, personally interviewed Mr. as he stated that while attempting to find traces of a "flying saucer" in a field on Buckhorn Road in a field on Hopkins property, he had been killed by an U.F.O. and made statements about seeing unidentified flying objects over the area. Interview revealed that the death of Mr. child was not connected to any U.F.O. incident and to other factors and who was the investigating trooper at the time of the death contributed the cause of death to the animal.

7. Upon completion of this tour of duty, Tpr. HENDRICKS closed the incident by blotter entry. Attached find memorandum of Tpr. HENDRICKS covering incident.

8. At 9:50 P.M. 11/4/67 telephonically contacted Tpr. J.E. Concerning his request that Trooper EISENBERG be available on Thursday evening, 11/9/67, to interview J.J. ALLETTO. Danforth Investigator, Evansville, Illinois, who was flying into the area to investigate what he advised that he, ALLETTO, would contact him on 11/6/67, upon return from pass.

9. On 11/6/67, personally related having observed the numerous U.F.O.'S in the sky at this time, related seeing some large as battleships high in the sky, with smaller craft leaving the larger craft, travel at tremendous speeds and sometime hover in the area. He further described an incident where a U.F.O. had cast a white light on him. He declared that the U.S. Air Force has been "involved" in the incident, and expressed the opinion that numerous persons in the Newfield area have observed U.F.O.'S and that two young boys had observed a craft not over a thousand feet from them. He stated "I don't know who they are or where they come from, but they are here".