5. The observer stated that the object was judged to have been 1½ to 3½ miles away from him at the time of the sighting. He was first attracted to the object when he noticed it move.

6. Concerning the observer's occupation: [redacted] stated that he designs optical equipment (telescopes) and radio circuit systems for Hattersfield Hiller.

7. Education: [redacted] stated that he graduated in 1958 from the Ft. Hill High School in Cumberland, Maryland. He has no formal training of a technical or scientific nature.

8. General Comments: [redacted] stated that he has been interested in astronomy for approximately fifteen years. His knowledge of the subject was obtained on his own volition. He stated that this is not the first time that he had sighted what he termed an Unidentified Flying Object. He stated that he had transmitted photographs of other sightings to the National Science Foundation. The interview lasted for approximately one hour and the following information was obtained:

a. [redacted] received a general discharge from the Air Force after serving three years and eight months of a four year commitment. He was an Air Operations Specialist or Dispatcher at Lowry AFB, Colorado. His highest enlisted grade was A2C; his AFSC was 27130. He separated from the service in July of 1963. Concerning the general discharge he stated that he was "framed" by a first sergeant who is now in a mental hospital. He would not elaborate. He stated that he has been fighting the general discharge ever since being separated but at this point he has no hope of ever having the discharge changed.

b. [redacted] was very easy to talk with and he was well dressed and groomed. He seemed on the defensive throughout the interview. He kept repeating that he had seen something and that he would stand by that, no matter what anybody told him. He stated that he was not interested in personal publicity, in fact he did not want his name released. His only interest in finding out what it was he saw.

c. One fact that he was not able to explain was that he had a 35 millimeter camera attached to a 250 power telescope and even though the object was visible for approximately 18 minutes he made no attempt to take a picture of the object through the telescope. It was determined that he did look at the object through the telescope but he could not explain why he did not take a picture.

2