The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

ORDLB-RP (9 November 1967) 1st Ind UPO Observation, 9 October 1967 17 January 1968

the rotation and removing the plate vertically. However, the resultant ridge appeared too large in comparison with the Ar-sized depressions. Although 0.3 inches square of the ridge can be reduced while still retaining the sharp peaked torsional lip. This depression was started in the same way as the previous tests except that several handfuls were scooped from the bottom of the depression after which the steel plate was again rotated. The 0.7-inch edge of the plate was parallel to the ground surface during the rotation which was completed after the scooping operation.

n. Photographs 04 through 07 record the tests completed in the field under conditions shown. The photographs were recentered and printed directly form the film on the direct-positive principle. The main difficulty with these tests was the existing natural water content of the sand, which did not flow as readily as the dry sand tested in the laboratory and left marked striation along the sides of the depressions. We were unable to obtain photographs of the freshly made depressions because of malfunctioning of the equipment. Photographs 04, 05, and 07 show some breakdown in structure along the lip presenting the possibility of the start of a crater forming during the second visit to the gravel pit and shows the effect of moisture on the consolidation of a freshly-dug depression. All of these difficulties were discovered only after the tests were completed.

The bottoms of the depressions in each case contained loose material.

Summary - First Question

A. The shape and depth of the depressions rule out the possibility of either static or dynamic loading applied through 21-inch diameter footings.
B. The general appearance of the depressions can be duplicated by rotating a vertically oriented, flat plate in loose sand.

4