The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

30 April 1967 
WARSAW APPROACES POLISH-BULGARIAN TREATY 
Recent Democratic Service in Russian 1030 GMT 7 April 1967--E
(Statement made to Moscow radio's Sofia correspondent Cie Vlasov, by Bulgarian Foreign Minister Ivan Bashev, in Bulgarian, published into Romanian).
(Summary) The visit of the Polish Party Government delegation is an important event for our countries. The talks between Gomulka and Zhivkov and other Bulgarian leaders were warm and cordial. They discussed unity of views and several bilateral relations.
Recently great progress has been made in scientific and trade relations between the two countries, which gives opportunities for our two peoples to become closer. Their economic commission has produced good results; a bilateral economic agreement is being prepared, particularly for the further deepening of specialization and cooperation in all fields of industry. Undoubtedly our cooperation in the fields of culture, information, and tourism will also develop successfully.
In the international area, both countries affirmed their wish to continue their efforts for European security cooperation between the socialist countries within the framework of CEMA, and strengthening of the unity of the socialist community.
The two countries resolutely condemned the aggression of U.S. imperialism in Vietnam and affirmed their readiness to give all help to the struggling Vietnamese people.
Both countries also drew attention the danger of the revanchist policy of militaristic and imperialistic circles in West Germany in their attempt to obtain nuclear weapons for the Bundeswehr. Our countries consider it essential to make all efforts to mobilize the democratic and peace-loving circles of Europe against this peril.
As a result of the talks, a 20-year treaty of friendship, cooperation, and mutual aid was signed which will make an important contribution to both strengthening the national security of Poland, and Bulgaria's and European security, and the strengthening of the unity of the socialist countries.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT SEEN ON 6 APRIL
Sofia BTA International Service in English 1040 GMT 9 April 1967--
(Text) SOME SCIENTISTS BELIEVE PHENOMENON WAS SERIOUS. News concerning an observation of a flying object in southeast Bulgaria is about 1830 hours local time on 6 April. Observers said that the object moved swiftly over the town of Stara Zagora. It was observed by means of telescopes for 15-20 minutes. It maneuvered in the air, coming down and rising again. Experts are highly interested in the phenomenon. It is their opinion that it might be a satellite breaking up in the atmosphere. As has been stated sub in Bulgaria, no conservations or photographs were made to confirm it.