There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR Text Output:
Was the object:
Self-luminous ? 
Dull finish ?
Transparent ?
Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion?O
Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length: 
a. Thumb
b. Dime
c. Half dollar
d. Silver dollar
e. Grapefruit
f. Beach ball
Or, if smaller, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length. 4-6 inches. Red light? in 
Did you happen to notice any number on the object(s) ? Drawing of object. 
How did the object(s) disappear from view ? Diving on 25-75  degrees away from object. 
Compare the speed of the object(s) with a person or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. Object was static
Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate. 20 m
Was the size and shape of the object(s) constant ? Constant 15,000-20,000 feet altitude.
What was the elevation of the object(s) to the sky? 90 °Please mark on this hemisphere sketch. 
Please show elevation of other witnesses, if any.
Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared. (Indicate names of towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks to show locale.)
S-179 W

Is there an airport, military or naval installation in the area? 
Please describe any unusual features or characteristics which were noted, using a separate sheet of paper.
Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators, by any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, give the name and rank and status of the officials, and describe the details of the questioning, if any. -
Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please state carefully, if so.
We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations. If you prefer, we will merely use the date, location and description of the object, and will omit your name. Please check one of the following:

You may use my name: ( )
Please keep my name confidential: ( )

Date of filling out this report: 27, 1967