The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book archives, specifically a report on a UFO investigation that took place on November 9, 1967 in Newfield, New York.

The text in the document is as follows:

DR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 35TH AIR DIVISION (ADC)
SYRACUSE, NEW YORK 13225 
11 November 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Investigation

TO: 35ODC

1. On 9 November 1967 Lt Dennis Egan and I went to Newfield, New York, a small town 7 miles south of Ithaca, to investigate a series of UFO sightings.

2. We arrived at 1830 at the Waris residence in Newfield. Approximately 25 persons of various ages were present in this lower middle class home. Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University and an Air Force consultant for Project Blue Book was present. He had spoken at Wells College earlier that day and had agreed to attend.

3. Dr. Hynek opened the meeting by explaining the importance of relating UFO sightings to the size of known objects. Also, he gave a quick briefing on High sources.

4. The actual stories began with three boys ages 9, 11, and 12 who claim to have seen a large object descend to 35-40 feet near two houses. For almost two minutes the "saucer-shaped**" object made noise. The object had red and white lights around the edge with strange markings above the lights. The boys saw two large windows through which they viewed two "aliens" (as they called them) seated at a large instrument panel. The "aliens" were about three feet tall, brown in color, and covered with large bumps on their upper body. The object then ascended very rapidly and was out of sight. A similar sighting occurred the following night.

5. Dr. Hynek questioned the boys concerning the length of time the object was in view. The oldest boy said about two minutes because he glanced at his watch when the object first appeared. Someone in the room asked the boys to act out what actually happened. On the spur of the moment they gave what appeared to be a well rehearsed performance which lasted about two minutes.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY