There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document.

The text found in the document is as follows:

"So far as can be determined, Clifford Crowder was not and still is not, what could be termed a "UFO buff."

But UFOs "were in the air" around South Hill. The town is within range of two American Broadcasting Company TV stations: WLEE (Channel 8) in Richmond and WXEX (Channel 8) in Petersburg. It was approximately between 8:00 and 8:30 p.m. on April 19, 1967, that Clifford Crowder's children watched the "Invaders" program on ABC's television network. (Mrs. C.A. King mentioned that some of the neighborhood children watch the show and were therefore quite excited over the Crowder UFO report.)

Probably a more influential program is one by Frank Edwards, called "Strange Things Are Happening" - also broadcast in this area. It is believed by the South Hill UFO observers that Edwards' program "stimulated" a great deal of interest and acceptance by the public and did not limit itself exclusively to flying saucers, they are featured prominently along with other supposed true stories of the occult and supernatural.

A further interest factor for The South Hill Enterprise. In the April 27, 1967, issue, the first of a series of four articles appeared written by William Hayton devoted his entire column to the subject of UFOs. One extract from this column is particularly interesting: "The important thing is that one (UFO) made the scene at South Hill and South Hill is now really on the map."

This proved to be a meaningful understatement. South Hill was deluged with visitors, thousands of them, immediately after the incident was reported in the local and national press, and for some weeks afterwards.

Crowder himself has achieved national, even international fame. He has received telephone calls from as far away as Australia, from UFO buffs who want to hear him describe the incident in his own words.

Sgt. Raines says that Crowder has become "fed up" with all this attention and has, in a manner of speaking, said "I'll keep it to myself." But Crowder himself gave no indication of this attitude and did make his experience known publicly. He cooperated fully, showed up on time, and his disclaimers come at the time and his disappearance from the continuing irritation is being questioned. (However, because I had no other source to rely upon the continuing cooperation, I did not press him on such matters as the chance encounter, it did not prove him on such matters as the chance encounter, it did not press him on such matters as the continuing cooperation.)

The Illusion
The South Hill case demonstrates how the illusion that UFOs must be extraterrestrial spacecraft is promoted in the public mind by impressive incidents, especially when they involve a publicized close encounter of the "third kind" in which the witness achieves some personal fame."