The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a letter dated October 26, 1968 from Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla.

The text of the document is as follows:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla -2- October 26, 1968

With reference to the 25 February 1967 sighting at Fargo, N.D., which was made the subject of Project Blue Book's investigation, I put the "object" seen in the northwest was almost certainly the Planet Venus. 

On 2 March 1967, "Venus" at magnitude -3.4, is striking in the evening sky, for it sets well after dark. I noticed the chances of color were the same as that mystery object, and I don't believe that there is anything else that could have been the same thing, but made an error in their determination of direction. That is very easy to do, especially if the mind is working.

I am not very much impressed with Rynick's investigation of the phenomenon. The makes the basic assumption, which I believe is a serious defect of many such investigations, that the two separate objects then it was the same one, beyond question. The boys might have seen something different.

There are lots of questions that I could ask, which apparently were not touched on, or if they were, the results did not measure up to the standards I believe should be required. But when one is taking such pictures of small bright objects in the night sky, control does not function satisfactorily, nor are the spots on the pictures as sharp as I would judge they should be against the background. I would judge that they were not of high quality and therefore the significance of the pictures has to be taken carefully. How can one minimize the effect of controlling the apparatus when making a fairly long exposure? There was nothing in the record to indicate that the object photographed was the same object seen.

No, in regard to the case of 14 August 1968. After reading the report, I am completely convinced they were seeing the moon. It has happened before when a person says, "I know what I saw", and it turns out to almost always be "the moon." This would not be the first time that people have called the moon a UFO. I think they should take the statements of the witnesses at their face value. Under such circumstances, I subscribe to the motto that "People are Dumb!"