There is no photograph present in this document, which appears to be an old UFO report from Project Blue Book. 

UFO Department
Patterson Air Force Base
Columbus, Ohio

On the night of December 6, 1967 at approximately 2:30 or 3:00, the witness was outside on the patio waiting for a barbeque fire to burn to the point where the coals could meet upon the grill. The witness observed several objects in the sky that appeared to be moving rapidly and blinking on and off. The witness noted that there was not one cloud in the sky as far as he could see. The objects appeared to be due north of the witness and over the house behind the residence. These blurred objects appeared to suddenly and silently move in a straight line across the sky. The witness stated that the immediate area around, above and below the objects seemed to be illuminated by a thin cloud or smoke. The wind was blowing the cloud and approximately 100 yards from the objects the cloud or streamers of cloud-like material dissipated. The objects appeared to move at a speed of 1 to 2 miles an hour and seemed to hang in the sky. As they reached an overhead position, the witness thought that whoever or whatever they were, appeared to be looking them over. The witness could not get a good picture of the objects as they were over the house and he could not get a clear picture. When the witness realized the lens opening was not proper, so when it took the picture, the image was blurred and the speed of these objects had appeared.

On Monday the 4th of December, the witness was again outdoors and he stated "how did you like the weekend?" and he stated "wasn't it beautiful out?" The witness replied, and a funny thing happened - I described the cloud formation and he stated that it happened about 2:30 to 3:00 and I said yes, it did and then he stated that he saw the cloud formation on the Saturday night when this sighting occurred.

On November 25, 1967 the witness was either fortunate or unfortunate in observing the positioning or placing of a platform above the south-central United States. It was a confidence on something of something to be commanded when these objects appear over the house, approximately 2:30 and 3:00 when this occurred, I was not there.