The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely a UFO report form.

18. Was the object - Self-luminous? Yes.
     Dull-finish? No.
     Brilliant? No.
     Transparent? Yes.

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Yes, it rose and fell.

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
     a. Pinhead
     b. Pea
     c. Dime
     d. Nickel
     e. Quarter
     Or, if smaller, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? By chance.

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Driving.

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? Faded from view.

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a pistol or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude.

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location or at the time of immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate.

26. Please estimate the time of observation of the object(s). 2-3 minutes.

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch.

28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) approached and disappeared from view, the direction of its course over the area, roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area?

31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe those observations, using a separate sheet of paper.

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, or records of radio or television programs (include time, station and date) you may have regarding this or any other observations. We will return the materials to you.

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name(s) and address(es) of the agent(s), his office, and department(s), and details of the questioning (such as length of interrogation, what questions were asked, etc.).

34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to make similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please indicate your preference.

35. Date of filling out this report: 2-11-67. Signature: [Redacted]