There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned page from what looks like a Project Blue Book report or document.

As per your request, I will now act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

We had just gone to bed when the Air Force called - saying "one of your radars had picked up some unidentified blips". There were no planes in the area at the time and that there were no blips on radar.

A week had passed when a secretary from the Air Base called saying a certain sergeant wanted to talk to me - but he couldn't be in for several days. He did call - but he seemed more interested in how origin this Astronomer Club than our sighting.

Several weeks passed - and through friends active in the Navy League suggested that I call the chapter of the Navy League in our area which told us that he, while attending a convention, had been invited to join one of these groups. In addition, he was out; his assistant sent Col. Mercier to visit us - he inspected the University telescope. The assistant gave him bearing reports we noted but we pointed out to him that the U.F.O. probably was a comet. I drew pictures, etc. and signed them. He left - but seemed to be very interested in my drawings.

Since I had worked for the Bureau of Standards while an officer in the Navy I could at least get some experience. So I called him long distance, as he had said, several days of futile attempts.

I didn't expect him to remember me, the report or for that matter other previous contacts - with the problem, they seemed to be quite busy. I said "That's the reason I'm calling; I know very little evidence is and with five men at the sighting I'm calling to get copies of all reports made by the Air Force - and as soon as he was able to would let me know." I followed with a letter to remind him of our conversation. No answer, none to this day.

Since this experience with the authorities, my contacts have been with numerous investigators who indicate that while the Air Force and other relevant agencies have data and films, they are not released to the civilian authorities.

Since than, I have had a very delightful and informative forty-five minute talk with Dr. Allen Hynek of Northwestern, who is the only one I know for two investigators to any reporter for conversation. He will receive this report.

Signed:

November 18, 1965