The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. It does not contain any photographs, but rather has a diagram or sketch drawn by the witness. The sketch shows the direction of movement of the object observed.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It appears the object did not disappear, but rather the witness provided a description of the object's movement.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? The witness answered "No" to this question.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? The witness answered "Yes" to this question.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - The witness described the sound as "no sound at all", b. Color - The witness did not provide a description of the color.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you have not performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered? The witness provided a numerical response to this, indicating the size of the object in relation to the match stick.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. The witness provided a hand-drawn sketch showing the direction of movement of the object.

Text from the Document:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It lingered for a period of time and then disappeared over catrsville ohio.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? No, Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes, Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what: in front of
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - no sound at all b. Color -
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you have not performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered? 3/4 of the match stick.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. [Sketch provided showing the direction of movement of the object.]