There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

UFO's Sighted In Numerous Places
A "flying saucer" was sighted recently over Monmouth where the saucer was hovering for a short time before speeding away. The sighting was reported by a resident living just outside the city limits. This is the latest in a series of sightings in the Monmouth area during the past few weeks. Similar sightings have been reported at nearby Canton, Peoria and Pekin of strange objects in the western sky which, according to eye witnesses, resembled a bright, circular object. The appearance and behavior of these objects has been confirmed by three U.S. Weather Bureau observers in Peoria. The sightings occurred on February 11 and on February 13 - both times at about 6 p.m., when the objects were reported to appear bright and larger than a star. Something has been causing a lot of excitement in New Jersey skies. Officials and military and weather bureau personnel stated that several "unidentified flying objects" were sighted in the area. Arthur still notified that the sighting at Schenley Golf Course in Pittsburgh, Pa., on the night of February 11 was an authentic one. This sighting and one or two others near there have been verified as authentic. However, numerous other reported sightings in this area have proved to be false. Arthur said some of these unidentified objects appeared to be as large as 20 feet in diameter and were generally visible for from 3 to 5 minutes, emanating a very bright light and then disappearing into the sky.

Find UFOs Plastic Kites
"Unidentified flying objects" were sighted over the Galesburg-Monmouth area Monday night on the southwest horizon about 8 p.m. Sightings were made in both the Galesburg and Monmouth areas, police said. The objects, described as bright, circular flying craft, were observed for about 10 minutes. The objects moved rapidly and were lost to sight behind trees, police said. The finding of several plastic kites in the Galesburg area led to the conclusion that these "UFOs" were simply plastic kites launched by youngsters. The kites, said to have been designed to simulate flying saucers, were found scattered in an area about a mile southwest of Galesburg. Local police said the plastic kites, attached to strings, had deceived area residents into believing they had sighted mysterious unidentified flying objects.