The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

To: Project Blue Book,
Wright Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio.

Subject: UFO Report

Time: 9:16PM to 9:54 PM, February 14th, 1967.
Location: Southeast of Morgantown, Pennsylvania.
Duration of Observation: 38 minutes.
Description: at first, an orange fireball, then changing to a three light formation which changed color and size. The lights blinked on and off and changed from a steady burn to a non-blinking-continuous lights.
Atmospheric conditions other than pertaining to the size, speed, and altitude of this object:
Weather: SSW at 5o mph, temp. 33o F, Relative Humidity 77. Ceiling 12,000 ft.
Wind speed direction: SSW at 2-3 mile. Sound: a loud motor sound like a 4 motored propeller type.

Report on Observation: I live in a mobile home and later in the evening while watching television, the private line telephone rang. It was a civilian police officer that inquired if I had seen anything strange in the sky. I replied that I had observed some unusual lights east of my home at approximately 9:30 PM this evening. The officer stated that he and other officers had also observed the object and were perplexed by what it could be. The officer stated that several other civilians had also called to report the sighting. I advised the officer that I was a good observer with "good sighting" for observing the night sky. I had, in fact, observed unusual aerial phenomena on various occasions prior to this sighting. I stated that the object or objects were brilliantly lit, changing colors rapidly, and the shape appeared to be somewhat elongated. The lights were very much brighter than any stars in the sky here. Visual observations even rather close to the horizon are usually obscured due to the added atmosphere the light has to penetrate, but this observation was very clear and distinct. I could clearly make out the shape, color changes, and the fact that it was a solid, dark, silhouetted object, rather than just disembodied lights in the sky. After a few minutes, the object appeared to recede in the distance, the lights became dimmer and finally disappeared from view. I advised the officer that I would be glad to answer any further questions should the need arise.