The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, which contains text describing a UFO sighting incident.

Transcription of the text in the document:

On the night of Sept. 29 at 9:00 P.M. Three of us were sitting on the Grade Drive, 75 were facing dead west. The night was very clear and we were at the 33 mile marker, 22 miles below Hoover Dam, 75 miles below Las Vegas. 

Suddenly there appeared in the sky an object, this was directly above Las Vegas. It was a very bright silvery white, extremely clear and bright; it had a diagonal shape about 1/4 the size of the moon and a little smaller.

First thought was to get the binoculars, they were in my boat down the hill about 30 feet. When I got back the object was just finishing a sort of gyrating motion, but the object remained and became very steady. This object maintained its position, the same distance from the ground, coming up from the ground at the same time. This object retained its position for about five minutes, then it seemed to give off a blue-green haze around the object, then it seemed to lose altitude very slowly. When it got to within a mile of the mountain, the object slowly disappear, but the blue-green object remained and became very bright before it too slowly disappeared.

Five miles away and it was definitely between us and the mountain. Later I talked to many people in Las Vegas who had seen the same object. Everyone was so interested in the object that following week I went to the Navy and Air Force in the city trying to find out what it could have been. I could find no one who had an answer.

In August of 1965 I was fishing 100 miles east of Las Vegas. It was about 9:00 P.M. and it was extremely bright stars, suddenly one of them started slowly moving. It seemed to get closer, and I was sure I could see a diamond shaped object with lights on it that seemed to be pulsing. We had our binoculars and took turns watching it for about five minutes. Then we saw an enormous explosion which looked as if it could be an atomic bomb. As soon as it stopped, I returned to Las Vegas and phoned the newspapers and told them what I had seen. I was interviewed on radio and television as I thought the newspaper and television coverage as I thought the newspaper and television coverage would soon be on it. Exactly two weeks later in the same spot we saw three more U.F.O.s. 

1. All were seen on a clear moonlight nite.
2. All were seen in totally remote country.
3. They could not have been an airplane.
4. They were a falling object.

These were two sightings were on Lake Mead in the area past Tea Kettle. These sightings would lead one to conclude that a number of U.F.O.s have spent nights out on the lakes there as fisherman who have spent nights on the Lakes have seen similar objects.