There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing text only.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
60 GARDEN STREET
CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS 02133
CABLE ADDRESS "OBSERVATORY" AREA CODE 617 864 7600

August 5, 1969

Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla, Jr., USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Foreign Technology Division
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Hector:

Thank you for your letter and its enclosure. I have recently retired from the Air Force, with the main objective of continuing my active research on the nature of the moon, a meeting of a committee of which I am chairman.

I found the cases you sent extremely interesting. I am particularly pleased with your resume on the Kansas City sighting. My only comment is that I would have replaced the word "possibly" by the word "probably" in the description.

Sightings - see no reason to get excited over the Kansas City sighting. It appears to be a common circuit breaker flashover on a power transmission line - a garment bag not air balloon, as suggested. The suggestion of a fine structure, of the event having been witnessed before the power of failure, the description sounds to me like a conventional power flashover rather than an unusual phenomenon.

I think that the failure of the Air Force to record any evidence or confirm any sighting - as they don't know what it was - however, the description given meets the criteria of the more usual electrical disturbance and is entirely consistent with their finding - "sighting down."

I think that the failure of the Air Force to record any evidence or confirm any sighting with the idea that these are extraterrestrial in origin is a little premature. A much more detailed and careful analysis of the physical evidence, if any, would be highly desirable before jumping to any conclusions.