The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on official stationery from the Office of the Prosecuting Attorney in Emmett, Idaho dated July 30, 1967.

Here is the text of the letter:

OFFICE OF THE PROSECUTING ATTORNEY
EMMETT, IDAHO

July 30, 1967

The Honorable Len B. Jordan
Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C.

Dear Senator Jordan:

Enclosed herewith is a copy of an article in the local newspaper which indicated and characterized certain objects in the sky as "flying saucers." In this respect, I have been a true agnostic and thought that those who believed that they had actually seen such objects, but that have had occasion to investigate, found that their vision had been deceived more often than otherwise. However, since this situation has developed, I believe myself compelled to tell the truth as I see it.

Some time ago, a young couple from my community reported to me that they had seen an object which they believed to be a flying saucer, and they asked me if I would be interested in seeing the pictures they had taken. I told them that I would be interested, and they brought the pictures to me. I have examined the pictures, and they appear to be authentic. In addition, there are others in this community who have information that we don't have, and we are contemplating sending a team of investigators to determine the facts.

It is my opinion that this matter should be officially investigated by competent authorities who have the time to check the details and to make technical examination of the objects involved. I do not intend this to be a lengthy report, but I felt compelled to advise you of the situation as it has developed here and to request that if you have any influence in this matter, you might see fit to have it officially investigated. The boys who are telling the truth, they should be awarded the Oscar for this picture. I realize that there are many of these reports and the Air Force and people like you and I have little time to be running down or sifting these claims, but I feel that the attitude and report of these boys have caused me to send this report to you.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
Prosecuting Attorney