There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing various diagrams and text for reporting sightings.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are of the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the straight horizontal line to show where the object passed when you first saw the object.

[Sketch showing elevation angles and direction]

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

We can't take accurate direction and distance measurements
In relation with the known objects or terrain. The object movement
appeared to be extremely fast, zigzag in nature, and with
occasional complete stops, in addition to sudden accelerations.
The movement was unlike any conventional aircraft. If you allow,
we may forward you some sketches that may assist you in the
investigation.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
There were at least 2 objects, if not 3. They were flying at different altitudes and appeared to be maneuvering in a coordinated manner.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Sketch showing multiple objects in the sky]

The objects appeared to be shaped like discs or saucers. They
were metallic in appearance and seemed to reflect the sunlight.
Their movement was extremely fast, silent, and quite erratic 
involving sudden stops, zigzags, and accelerations not
characteristic of conventional aircraft. The objects seemed to be
under intelligent control and operated in coordination with each other.