The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:

This is in regards to the sightened UFO mystery that has occurred over the Lake Canton area. According to the official reports, an object of a definite controlled nature was seen in the sky and described in detail as "round and very bright". Colored lights were observed as the object made angular and horizontal maneuvers. Many eye witness reports have been obtained from local residents who observed the object flying over the lake at a low altitude.

Our small boat was on the shores of Lake Canton about three quarters of a mile from the city when this sighting occurred. The object was in full view without obstruction. On several occasions it hovered motionless for them seemingly at a distance, or perhaps a few hundred yards away. As it departed it accelerated rapidly and in full view without obstruction. We observe it for nearly twenty minutes. Many times we were uncertain whether the object was hovering or moving, but a few have been observed rapid and fantastic maneuvers. 

Much time has been devoted to the subject, and it is my opinion that the reports we have received are substantiated by scientific and eye witness reports. Calling this phenomenon is of no value, as you have no doubt realized that many such comments merit us useless. We feel this report may be submitted as useful material toward the unravelling of the UFO mystery.

Yesterday evening March 25, 1957 at approximately 6:25 PM, my wife and I observed a brilliant object hovering over the southern hills around Lake Canton. The object seemed to be several hundred yards from the shore, surrounded by a gentle breeze, trying only to make no noise as it hovered with an eerie stillness. It did not seem high in the sky, but more at the level of the trees. After observing the object for a short time, it suddenly accelerated at a fantastic speed, raising vertically, leaving a trail of smoke or steam. It was so fast that we didn't have time to look up as the object passed. We were standing on the shore facing the lake, and the object was hovering in the sky above the lake, moving off toward the eastern shore. By the time we turned our heads, the object was gone. The acceleration was so fast it seemed to vanish. The object appeared to be about the size of a basketball, round and brilliant white in color, surrounded by a hazy glow. It created no sound that we could hear. When it accelerated, it left no trail behind it, but only a faint trail of smoke or steam. In my opinion, it was a genuine UFO of a technologically advanced design, unlike any aerial vehicle I am familiar with.