The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or letter from an individual named William Beasley to a Major, regarding an unidentified aerial object observation.

OCR Text Output:
William Beasley
109 Stillwell Drive
Fremont, Maryland 13037

20 Dec., 1967

DIRECTOR Willi^TIII_LA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Dear Major,

On Oct. 4 I sent a letter to Bluebook, which was never answered. Whether it ever reached you I do not know, but below is the content of that letter.

Dear Major,

I would like to report an unconventional aerial object which I saw on Saturday, Sept. 30, 1967. It was about 11:05 P.M. (EDT), and I was walking with a friend (Albert Pel, Forest Dr., Ithaca, N.Y. 14850), as we were crossing a bridge in Ithaca. The object pointed out a luminous yellow point of light moving across the sky at about the speed of an Echo satellite. It was in sight for about one minute during which time it passed a bright point of light which, I stopped a man who told us that he could not explain it, either. It finally gave the appearance of diminishing when it seemed three or four dimmer yellow spots until it was "used up" and gone.

It was about the brilliancy of an airplane's lights at night and didn't change of brightness. The outline was like a bright star. It was at a 20 degree elevation and was west of us moving north. It seemed to be about a mile away.

Please do not tell me that I saw an airplane. Airplanes make noise (this object was silent), have red and green blinking lights, not a steady yellow one, and move faster than this did.

It wasn't anything more than a few miles away, either, because there was a very thick overcast cloud covering over the whole sky.

I don't think it could have been a balloon because the only place I can imagine that would launch one would be an airport. This object was moving towards the local air- port. This observation seems to indicate that the UFO observed