The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report describing a UFO sighting.

The text from the document is as follows:

noticed. The lead object was much more brilliant than the smaller objects. Its color was not a solid appearing color but a "faded" blue hue which seemed to intermittently revolve. The smaller objects were less brilliant and no color was observed. During the observation, the smaller objects left the diamond formed by the formation and appeared to have been lost in the vastness of space. After it was certain the objects had been dece ased, When the smaller object had fully disappeared inside the larger object and the colors reappeared.

3. When the film had developed, an aura as well as a "halo" appeared both above and around the objects. These "halos" were not visible to the naked eye.

4. All the objects appeared round, there was no trail or exhaust found. The size could not be estimated except that it was less than being about the size of an automobile. The largest of the objects to appear measured approximately 13-15 feet in diameter. The photos were made while the objects were stationary. The photographed area was also in the center of the 35 millimeter film strip.
Based on 40° latitude, the moon was at 60-80° elevation in the S.

5. The camera used was a model 20, Polaroid Swinger, with the shutter set at 1/300 second. The film used was regular high speed which is most common in this type camera. No filters used, no tripid used.

6. Covington, Indiana. Home telephone - 345-7938; does not want to disclose name. Civilian - former mailman - married, 47 years old. Technical knowledge - minimal and mechanical. Estimated reliability - it is my belief to be reliable, honest in his information furnished and sincere. He has read books before on UFO and some other UFO magazines. However, to appear to be a "UFO Bug". He continuously emphasized the fact that he did not want to be involved in publicity and wanted anyone who did not call prior to coming to his home. He seemed open minded, however was reluctant to talk to those who were not call ing the observed phenomena. He did refer to the larger object as a "Mother Ship" lacked another more descriptive term. He stated the reason he wanted the photographs was because he would like to compare them with what he had observed. It is possible that what he had observed was unusual to him, particularly because of what he had observed was unusual to him.