The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a newspaper article with the headline "Something Up" about a Moline policeman who took movies of a "boxcar" in the sky.

Something Up
Moline Policeman
Takes Movies Of
'Boxcar' In Sky
By DOROTHY BURR8H
Dispatch Writer
You are not going to convince persons in this area who sighted unidentified flying objects that they did not see something strange in the sky.
No matter if the reports vary, no matter if the explanations change, they insist they saw discs, boxes, cigars and other forms of objects moving swiftly through the skey with a flickering, flaming or colored lights attached.
And now we have a new eyewitness, a Moline policeman, who says he took movies of a "boxcar-shaped object" in the sky yesterday.
The policeman, who wants to remain anonymous, made the films while on duty at the Assumption Catholic School, Moline, at the time the object appeared.
Several children also spotted the object, which appeared to move out of sight low over the Mississippi River out of Moline.
Early yesterday afternoon a Moline policeman was on duty at the Assumption Catholic School, Moline, at the time the object appeared.
"At first I thought it was an airplane, but when I looked harder, I saw it was a much larger object that seemed to be shaped like a boxcar," the officer said. "It had a flickering light on the front and was moving slowly across the sky in a northeasterly direction.
"I went to my car and got my 8 millimeter movie camera and started taking films of it. I got about 25 feet of film before the object disappeared behind a hill. Rock Island arsenal officers, who were notified, said they saw nothing, but a few of my neighbors also reported seeing the object."
Not the first
This is not the first time, of course, that unidentified objects have been reported in our skies. Hundreds of sightings have been made all over the world. Many local residents cannot be convinced that they did not see something strange in the sky, no matter what the weather or atmospheric illusions may explain the phenomena.
If you are really interested, the "Boxcar" in paperback form is available, and when you read it, it may change your opinion about these flying saucers. It is a factual, scientific account and perhaps packing more information than was ever published in one book before on the subject. At the present rate, the sightings seem to be increasing rather than declining.
Early yesterday afternoon a Moline policeman, who was on duty at the Assumption Catholic School, Moline, spotted an object in the sky which he described as shaped like a "boxcar." He went to his car and got his 8 mm movie camera and took about 25 feet of film of the object before it disappeared behind a hill.
Rock Island arsenal officers, who were notified, said they saw nothing, but a few of the policeman's neighbors also reported seeing the object.
Several children also spotted the object, which appeared to move out of sight low over the Mississippi River out of Moline.
Sightings were also reported from Centralia, Peoria, Rockford and many other areas of central Illinois. Worse than that they were also reported in Kansas and Ohio.
A Northwestern University scientist explained that what everybody saw was probably a weather balloon.