There does not appear to be a photograph present in this document. This seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire filled out about an unidentified flying object sighting.

As an optical character recognition (OCR) system, I will output the text from the document:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA 1536 Connecticut Avenue N. W. Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please continue on another sheet of paper. Please print or type.

1. Name
Address
Occupation po? garde
Education
Special Training
Military Service

2. Date of Observation Jan 00, 1957
3. Locality of Observation
4. How long did you see the object? Hours $ Minutes $ Seconds
5. Please state the weather conditions and the type of sky; i.e., bright, daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc. g/ee'
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you. mote ctose - 0* t 1 remo+e to teft
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? *'•'„
8. Were there clouds in more than one direction? If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.
9. Please describe exactly what the object(s) appeared to be doing, if (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving.
Hc-r'r Lad*
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? •/
11. If so, compare its brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. brighter than headlights
12. Did the object(s) -
(Please elaborate, if you can give details.)
Appear to stand still at any time?
Suddenly speed up and disappear at any time? 
Give off smoke?
Give off flrashes? 
Show any color changes? 
Change brightness?
Explode?
13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible.
14. Was there any wind? no If so, please give direction and speed.
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, such as binoculars, telescopes, windows, storm window, screening, etc.?
16. Did the object(s) have any sound? no What kind? How loud?
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) -
a. Fuzzy or blurred,
b. Like a bright star,
c. Sharply outlined.