The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Page 2

( Later ) I measured the distance from where I was standing, by the space leading to the door about 30 ft to a line drawn between the door and the lower edge of the outer box that surrounded the object; then I stepped up to the door and called my wife out to see it, just in time to see the object move rapidly upward and obliquely forward and off into the distance. ( That distance, the 30 ft, is of course an estimate only and may not be critical). I noted that the outline of the object gave the appearance of a small box but that when I looked at it it appeared rather like a bright light or luminous glow rather than a clear-cut outline. I noted the time, which was 8:50P... when the object was directly South, I noted that I could see it clearly through the window panes without any distortion and that it appeared to be bright white or luminous.

After the fireball passed and was south west of me, it suddenly grew larger and more brilliant, going through the phases of changing from a small bright object to a very large, brilliant fireball, then it seemed to explode, and I saw several bright flashes or pulsations of light, after which it rapidly faded from view. The time from the beginning to the end of this sighting was about 10-13 seconds.

After the flreball receded, when it was traveling more West than South, I observed a very strange shaped object, somewhat crescent or semi-circular in shape, which seemed to emerge from the trailing edge or extension of the fireball, as if being pushed or expelled from it. This object was quite large, larger than the original fireball, and was illuminated, with the illumination seeming to come from its trailing edge or rear. It traveled in the same direction as the fireball, but at a slightly slower speed, appearing to peel off or break away from the main body of the fireball. After it had traveled some distance away, it seemed to disappear or fade from view.

 I knew that the speed of the fireball and the strange shaped object were far in excess of any known aircraft, and the size and brightness were beyond anything I had ever seen. I am quite sure it was not an aircraft or meteor or any other known object.

For calculations, the diameter of the original small box-like object was 6 inches, and the observed distance of 30 ft places the object 6 ft across my line of sight, or a ratio of 6 inches in 6 ft or 1 in 12, so that if the true diameter of the object was 4 ft, the observed diameter would be 4 inches. Given the observed size of 6 inches and the calculated 4 ft diameter, the original distance must have been about 24 ft, which is only an estimate.

Since 53 ft/sec equals 36 mi/hr; then 7.47 ft/sec equals 1 mi/hr.
730/7.47 equals 550 mi/sec.

This gives the observed diameter of the object at 24 inches, was made at a distance of 24 inches, and a true diameter of 4 ft is calculated.