There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing an incident in South Hill, Virginia on April 21, 1967.

The Evidence
The credibility of Clifford Crawford's story that he saw a large, fast-moving object striking on four places on East Farrell St. shortly before 9 p.m. on the evening of April 21, 1967, and that the object suddenly disappeared with a blinding flash that left the ground scorched, according to the following:

1. The burned spot on the road. According to some accounts, the rocks in the area were still warm to the touch when Crowder and the local police returned to the scene a few minutes later. 

2. Four tiny holes, or "indentations", measuring approximately 1/2 inch in diameter, or 1 1/4 inch apart, which were found at the site the following morning but not on the evening of the incident.

3. The statement by Norman Martin, who lives 600 feet south of East Farrell St., that he saw bright illumination on trees near the burned spot for a brief interval at approximately the time that Crowder says the incident occurred.

4. Mr. Crowder's long-standing reputation in the community.

The Burned Spot
Crowder's story is that the brief but intense burst of fire emitted by the object when it took off, or disappeared, set fire to the asphalt-macadam road. On at least fourteen occasions during two recorded interviews, Crowder referred to flame and fire on the road. For added confirmation, upon returning to Washington, I wrote him to ask if the road was wet from rain, or if there were other evidence such as charred vegetation. He replied: "The road was flaming after the flash of light. At first the flame was about 3 ft. high. When I passed the flame was going out, but the ground surface on either side of the burned spot was still burning - a total area of 7 ft. in diameter or more from the time I passed the burning pavement."

Other investigators have assumed that the asphalt was set afire. According to the Asphalt Institute in Washington, D.C., asphalt is very difficult to ignite. But the Asphalt Institute noted that the ingredients used in the production of the asphalt in use on East Farrell St., "has since been removed" in more recent usage. And the road there "WILL NOT CONTINUE TO BURN. It cooks over and puts itself out," according to Gornthwaite.

It is true that fast-curing types of asphalt, which are dissolved in naphtha, might briefly support combustion for several days after being laid. But the road on East Farrell St. was not freshly laid, Gornthwaite said, even if the asphalt were still porous.