The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force UFO form that was likely filled out as part of Project Blue Book, a historical program that investigated UFO sightings.

U.S. Air Force UFO form continued
Page 3

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 60 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 150 yrds

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. Alone
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over your country?
g. Other VIRGINIA

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 What was your approximate speed? mph
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Describe the object through any of the following:
(Circle the appropriate ones)
a. Size Small Medium Large
b. Shape Round Elliptical Other Irregular
c. Color White Gray Silver Red Yellow Orange Blue Green Black Brown Other
d. Brightness Dim Bright Flashing
e. Sound None Humming Whistling Other
f. Number One Two Three More than three
g. Motion Stationary Hovering Moving Straight zig-zag Other
h. Trail Absent Present
i. Disappearance Gradually Suddenly
j. Telescope Yes No
k. Binoculars Yes No
l. Camera Yes No

26. Is there any further information that you can give us pertaining to what you saw, or any other general comments you would like to make regarding this incident?
I have no further information to add. The object was traveling fast and there was no sound associated with it. The size was smallish, similar to a jet aircraft but larger. The color was gray or silver. It appeared to be hovering at one point and then made a rapid departure, disappearing from sight quickly. I am uncertain of its exact speed and distance, but it was traveling at a high rate of speed and was not far from my location.