There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old document, specifically a "UFO Report Form" from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

CF313 UFO REPORT FORM

1. Witness Identification - Information (Names and addresses) : censored

2. Date of Sighting : Day, Feb. 9, 1967 Time: About 7:30 p.m. Central Standard Time
3. Describe what you saw : The object was first observed by me as I was watching television in my home. It was moving and appeared to be silvery or white in color and was flying at a high altitude.
4. Duration of Sighting : Hours ____ Min. 15-20
5. Condition of Sky : Overcast, cloudy
6. Compass Direction : First observed in the west, moving eastward.
7. Angle of Elevation (if possible) : Unable to estimate.
8. Size compared to background objects (coin, pencil, etc.) : Difficult to estimate size, but appeared larger than a star.
9. Color : Appeared silvery or white.
10. If the object moved, describe its flight path : The object moved in a generally eastward direction.
11. Guesses as to identity (Balloon, aircraft, etc.) : Unknown
12. Give details of any sound or odor associated with the object : No sound or odor detected.
13. Tell in your own words about the sound and color of the object : Unable to describe sound or color further.
14. On the back of this page, draw and label a picture of the object if possible.
15. The edges of the object appeared to be straight lines (not blurred).
16. The object appeared to maneuver (change direction, speed, etc.) in a very smooth manner.
17. (No text for this item)
18. Did the object hover? If so, for how long? : No hovering observed.
19. Compare the size of the object with some other object (penny, dime, etc.) : Unable to estimate size.
20. Where was the object in relation to the horizon? : The object was high in the sky, above the horizon.
21. Where was the object in relation to any other objects (cloud, moon, etc.)? : The object appeared to move independently of any other objects in the sky.
22. What was your reaction when you saw the object and how did you feel? : I was surprised and curious about what I was observing.
23. IF you were moving in an automobile or other vehicle when you first observed the objects, answer the following questions : Not applicable, I was stationary.
24. When did you last see the object? : The object eventually moved out of my field of view.
25. When you last saw it, which way was it moving and how fast? : The object was moving in an eastward direction, but I cannot estimate its speed.
26. Describe any change in the object's size, brightness, shape or color as it went from your sight. : The object gradually moved out of my view.
27. (Circle one): Could, warm, not warn. (Circle one): Bright, dull, light, dark. (Circle one): If so, give their apparent positions.
28. What do you think the object was? :  I do not know what the object was.
29. Try to estimate the speed and distance of the object.  : I am unable to estimate the speed or distance of the object.