There is no photograph present in this image. The image is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 6

Shortly thereafter, I learned that Mr. [REDACTED] had said that the whole thing was a hoax, that he had been put up under hypnosis to tell a very articulate-hypnotist who had set him up some days earlier. The story then went something like this:

The hypnotist had apparently put out of a clear sky (may I shouldn't use that expression in this context!), had given the set of features, one of which included the name of the purported occupants of the craft, and under hypnosis, Mr. [REDACTED] had told the story to me. By this I wanted nothing further to do with the case, but I wasn't sure the hoaxist (or the hypnotist), when he or she was unmasked, would not subject him to ridicule. I told him that first of all the Air Force and that it is the injured party who brings suit and that I heard that the Air Force or I had been injured by his purported actions.

This would seemingly have ended it, except that I learned that the hypnotist when he had first called me, had mentioned that he had been doing some work with the physics department at the University of Colorado (no connection that I was aware of with the O.C. Commission). As it so happens that [REDACTED] took his Master's Degree with us at Ohio State University. I thought a call to him might be in order. This I did and was surprised to learn that the hypnotist (whose name I do not recall at the moment) had not really been connected with the University, but I guess that he felt it might give him a certain amount of status and authenticity.

I am told that the hypnotist (if needed) has a daughter that had worked for several years or so, and found that the studio and home of the artist and only part-time hypnotist. He had found him through a thoroughly honorable and standing college, and could not conceive that this man could have perpetrated such a hoax. In fact, we considered it incredible in the extreme.

It remains this information to the reporters, largely out of a sense of duty, since they were rapidly losing interest in the case. But I would like to tell them that this information changed his story once again. He now stated that he had flunked the lie detector test, which in fact had been accessed by two men who stuffed him up and warned him at it, and this the hypnotist had not made it clear that he would never make it known. I do not know whether it is possible to deliberately flunk a lie detector test, but the fact remains that he did.