The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text in the document:

"Braman Training School
Braman, Vermont
20 July 1967

Air Defense Command
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sirs: 

I am not sure where to direct this letter, but I thought if you were not the proper agency at least you would know.

Last night at about 12:30 I was sitting with a friend in the training school which we live. We were noticing the night sky and suddenly saw a bright light above us. It was moving in a very fast path, zig-zagging back and forth, and finally disappeared over the horizon. My friend was looking directly over my left shoulder and saw the same thing. At that time I looked into the city but could see no other lights without telling her what there was to be seen. She saw the same thing.

I got about a 5-10 second glimpse of it, as she did. It was not only a fleeting glimmer of light but seemed to be a solid object that had a glowing appearance, as a slow moving streak. It appeared to be following an erratic course, but it was able to follow it over. I cannot describe it better than that. It seemed far off in the distance at first, then appeared to be closer and closer until it disappeared from sight. The distance between the lights never varied. The light emitted was a dull glow, pure white, which was never varied. The light was either small and very close, or very large and far away. 

The night was very dark and the air was calm. Visibility was unlimited. All the stars could be seen. The temperature at that time was 55-65°F.

At first I thought it might have been a plane, but there were no running lights, only the two huge glows. I listened for any sound from an engine or other normal source, but there was none. It did not make any sound.

I have been trying to convince myself that it was a very large meteor, but there seems to be two holes in this line of thought:
1) Its luminosity was that of a dull glow rather than a bright light, which is more characteristic of a meteor.
2) The distance between the two glows did not vary, which would seem unusual for a meteor.

Later when I returned I notified the Brandon police to see if they had any more sightings of this object, and to make a report. I have heard nothing further.

Sincerely,
[Signature]"