The image does not contain a photograph. It is a diagram showing a sketch or drawing of a UFO sighting event, with instructions for the observer to mark the positions of the UFO relative to the horizon and compass directions.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw it.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" or "C" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The text extracted from the image is as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form
Page 3

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw it. 

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" or "C" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

30. Have you ever?
31.1 If you answer...
31.2 Please give the-...
32. Please give the following:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Indicate any additional

33. When did you originally?