The image contains a photograph of an official U.S. Air Force UFO report form. The form has various questions and fields for the observer to fill out, including details about the appearance and movement of the observed object. There is a hand-drawn sketch of a circular object in the bottom right corner of the form.

Transcription of text from the form:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, seemed a cloud
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what: an object seemed to appear and disappear behind cloud formations
16. Did the object come into front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what: object seemed to appear and disappear in front of cloud formations
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape bright white
b. Color bright white
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or a pencil at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object was covered by the match stick or pencil. This will give an approximation of the size of the object as you saw it. The size of the object would be approximately the size of a large star
19. Draw a picture now - will show the shape of the object or objects. Include and include your sketch and details of the object's motion as accurately as possible. Also indicate trail or vapor trail. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving. [Hand-drawn sketch of circular object]
20. Do you think you can estimate of (Circle One) [blank]
21. Do you think you can estimate h (Circle One) [blank]
22. Where were you located when you (Circle One) a. Industrial building, b. In a car, c. In a airplane (type), d. On a mountain, e. Alone, f. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN A, 24.1 What direction were you n (blank) 24.2 How fast were you movi (blank) 24.3 Did you stop at any tim (blank) 
25. Did you observe the object throu (Circle One) a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Wind shield, d. Window glass, Yes