The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

3057 Crescent Road
Lafayette Hill, Penna.
1/12/67

Commanding Officer
Miller Grove Naval Air Station
Miller Grove, Penna. 

Dear Sir:

While I was in our rear yard between 6:45 and 7:00 P.M. January 18th, I saw an unusual object which came from the north-northeast and passed to the south-southeast at a high rate of speed. It appeared to be silvery or metallic.

After I rushed inside to get my camera because I thought it was some sort of aircraft, by the time I returned it had disappeared. Since I was not one of the probable sources, it should have been easy to be recorded, but as you know in a situation like this the time element is very urgent.

As the object passed over I was able to see it quite clearly and I'd say it was about the size of a 7 x 50 binoculars and from the object between the moon (which was at a quarter phase and did not appear to be in the object's pathway) there seemed to be a small reddish light, rather than a trail, along the path of the object.

Looking at the object through the binoculars I noticed that it did not seem to have any visible means of propulsion. I have the impression that the bright light I saw and soon following when I saw the object had gone in about 5 or 10 seconds. Then the object quickly disappeared to the south.

I was not only the object I was observing but a small bird flew by at the same time, leaving me to wonder if the bird had not been attracted by the object.

Of course you can readily determine, toward the southeast, 1.5 miles, is a control station tower and the object's route took it directly over this. I wonder if the object was in some way connected with this installation? I verified this by checking the compass direction.

I always listen and watch for unusual phenomena, not only the object I was observing but a small bird flew by at the same time, leaving me to wonder if the bird had not been attracted by the object. So you can understand my interest in determining, if possible, what this object was.

While I saw three successive photographs of this object, using exposures D-300. The first three frames were taken, while the object was stationary. A shutter speed of 1/25 sec. at f.3.5 was used. It was a fluttering object, semi-circular in shape. The object then moved off at a high speed.

My husband and friends also saw an unusual object on February 3rd, while on their way home from church. It was hovering just above the treetops and slowly moved down and then went back up. She and her friends were on their way to work and did not have a camera to take a picture.

I am very interested in learning more about these objects as I will greatly appreciate any information and assistance you can provide. I will await your reply.