The image appears to contain a newspaper article titled "Investigation of UFO's Continuing" with no accompanying photograph. As an OCR system, I will now produce the full text found in the document:

Investigation of UFO's Continuing
Army, Air Force, and Civilian Scientists Investigating Strange Incidents

Galesburg, Ill - (AP States) A graduate student at Western Illinois University, in an attempt to determine what flew over Galesburg Thursday night, has reported the object to the Air Force.

The Air Force, meanwhile, confirms that it is investigating a report of a UFO seen over the Quad-Cities area Thursday night.

Capt. Edward C. Ruppeil said the Air Force's Project Blue Book, which investigates unidentified flying objects, has the report and is looking into it.

The student, David Swartz, said he observed the object for about 45 minutes Thursday night. He said it appeared to move up and down, from side to side, and hovered in the sky. He reported the sighting to the Galesburg police station.

Some UFO investigators have claimed that this phenomenon is caused by distortion in the earth's atmosphere and objects which are actually distant stars or planets. However, others have said that they believe some UFO's are real and may be from another planet.

(Continued on Page Two)

Investigate UFOs
This morning Powers gave us im from Charles Field, who some as is viewing several objects on the film and taped a statement the moon. He said he had no idea about them until they appeared on the film. The film, which showed a dozen times, revealed an oval-shaped object that Powers said he recognized as a some kind of a gray disc which hovered motionless for some time and then suddenly sped away at a terrific rate of speed. 

At the Moline Police Station, patrolman Tom Ryan, who was on duty, said he saw the film and noticed that the oval-shaped object could be seen at several different points in the film and that it changed position rapidly. The film showed the object in a stationary position and then suddenly moving rapidly away from the camera.

Powers said he had the film analyzed by an optical laboratory and they were unable to find any evidence of fakery or trick photography. Powers said he would make the film available for further investigation.

The film, which was taken by an unidentified viewer from Charles Field, Powers said, seemed to substantiate the reports of the unidentified flying objects which have been seen in the Quad-Cities area.