The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR Output:
MAJOR QUINTELLA D.-GORDON
           REPORT OF UFO SIGHTING
October 15, 1967
Octotbsr 16, 1967 - 1920 am EDT, eastbound on US 30 Highway 93 W of Guernsey Ohio, driving towards Marblehead. At about 12 miles west of Sandusky Ohio I noticed a light in the sky to the north & south. Slight haze in Arkansas R - Valley. As I watched, the light seemed to increase in size and then decrease slightly. It was driving west towards Sandusky and a few miles west of me. I watched it for about 5-10 minutes. The light seemed to be oscillating or fluttering somewhat. Occasionally it appeared to be reddish in color. But slightly left of the center was a rectangular flame like object. This seemed to rotate or oscillate back and forth but slightly left of the center. The outer rim appeared to be encircled or ringed by a greenish fire. The entire object appeared to be hovering or hanging in the sky. It did not appear to move quickly as some reports indicate. In fact, at times it appeared to be stationary. Because of its rotation and oscillation it may have given a moving impression at times. As it approached it maintained a remarkably constant elevation. It was slightly lower than eye level but well above the treetops. As it approached it appeared to get slightly brighter and larger, I had a clear view of it for approximately 2 minutes. Then suddenly the minimum color and the flashes of light disappeared. I realized that it was described to a fraction of its original appearance. I realized that it was descri
bed to a fraction of its original appearance. I slowed down to about 50 mph and watched the dark object for 2 to 3 minutes longer. Suddenly it was just above us - I stopped and looked out of the car window. The UFO was a brown luminous ob a huge fiery mass between two large dark bands - similar to a cigar shape. The 2 illuminators were slightly lost of the center as the craft appeared to be rotating. Then it appeared suddenly higher and seemed to melt away into the night sky. That's all I can recall. 
Hoping this report is helpful in your investigations.