There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

(I talked this over to my wife, and she felt that I picked up my location around Boca Raton with a story, because to the best of our knowledge there are no large groupings of silver lights or starlike objects known to hover or move in the area. I picked up my location around Boca Raton with a story, because to the best of our knowledge there are no large groupings of silver lights or starlike objects known to hover or move in the area. I could not determine definitely an exact location where this object or objects was first observed. They were sighted first in a straight line north to south and later in a zig-zag fashion between ground and horizon. The objects seemed between 20 to 30 feet in diameter, were bright silver in color with a metallic appearance, and seemed to give off a soft white light glow. There were no other physical characteristics noted, such as wings, propulsion, or any structural details that could be discerned. The nearest object seemed to be at about 1,000 feet in altitude, and the farthest about 5,000 feet. The objects were observed for approximately 30 minutes and showed no apparent evidence of sound. At no time was any attempt made to communicate with or signal the objects. If this were something natural, I would have expected to be able to determine the exact location, whereas I could not. These objects did not seem to conform to any known aircraft or other natural phenomena. There was no evidence of any physical effects on the environment, such as radio or TV interference, animal disturbance, or any other effects noted. Based upon my experience, I would conclude that the objects observed were not of any natural or conventional aircraft origin, and represented a genuine unidentified flying object. I made no attempt to obtain photographs or other physical evidence, as I did not have the necessary equipment with me at the time. If this were something natural, I would have expected to be able to determine the exact location, whereas I could not. These objects did not seem to conform to any known aircraft or other natural phenomena.)