The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report from the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form is to be used for reporting information on observations of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) as requested by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which reference should be made. Information obtained will be published in NICAP reports or released to news media magazines or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional space, please continue on the reverse side of this page. Your assistance is of great value and is sincerely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name : LTC -XXXXX-
Address: -XXXXX-, Everett, Mass.
Education: -XXXXX-
Military Service: None
Occupation: -XXXXX-

2. Telephone: -XXXXX-
3. Date of Observation: February 12, 1957
4. Locality of Observation: 15 between Kensington and Hartford Conn.
5. How long did you observe the object(s)? About 30 Minutes
6. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky: i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc. Dark with clouds
7. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and you: The moon was 1/4 or 1/5 full.
8. Were there more than one object? If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating the direction of motion, etc.
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc.? Please use additional pages if necessary. It was a glowing, revolving spherical object as large as the Moon.
10. Did the object(s) make any noise? Yes
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. Brighter than a headlight
12. Did the object(s) -
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush out of sight? No
c. Break up into parts or explode? NO 
d. Give off any visible particles or objects? NO
e. Change shape? NO
f. Change color? NO

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc. if possible.

14. Was there any wind? YES
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, window, etc.? NO

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? NO What kind? - How loud? -

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) -
a. Fuzzy or blurred.
b. Like a bright star.
c. Simply brilliant.