There is no photograph present in the image. It appears to be a typed document containing text describing a reported UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

cigarette. He said, "Oh, one of your primitive vices." He asked me about the car and said, "Oh, your primitive mode of deduction." I was very shaken and asked who he was and where he was from. He said, "I cannot tell you now but I will return." The man was about three feet from my car, then walked about four more feet and disappeared - just vanished.

I then heard a noise, looked out of the car, and saw hovering overhead an object which was about the size of a football field. Then with a whining noise it went straight up in a slight northerly direction, joined two more objects which were hovering far overhead, took the lead position in a triangular formation, and disappeared at a tremendous speed to the north.

This was a normal looking man except that he was well over six feet tall. His jacket had some of a round tapering shape which seemed to be about a foot in diameter. It had sort of a Van Dyke type goatee except that it was separated from his face. I could barely see nothing but his voice while he was talking to me. It seemed like I was in sort of a trance. His facial features were normal except that they did not move when he talked. He didn't seem actually to speak; it seemed more like mental telepathy. It seemed like I was in a dream world.

5. Discussion:
a. The scene of the reported sighting permits several explanations for the sound disappearance of the individual who reportedly conversed with the witness. The witness was in his car, with a tree and light pole capable of concealing a man. This appears to be a point, from the center of the narrow road. The northwest corner of the intersection is also heavily wooded approaching four feet deep. This field is approximately 65 x 80 yards. There are telephone poles with multiple lines and power poles with heavy lines criss-crossing the intersection. A cluster-colored water tower and smoke stack are approximately 3/8 to 1/2 mile north-northwest of the intersection.
b. At the time of the reported sighting much publicity regarding UFOs had been generated by local news stories regarding the allegedly.

2