The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report regarding Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The fact that the witnesses have been looking for UFOs more or less as a hobby, and that they take them rather seriously and speculate about what they have here and where they are from, may seem to detract from their qualifications as witnesses. However, they gave the impression of being quite ordinary witnesses; their many sightings are typical of other sightings of planets and stars by people who are ignorant of astronomical objects or technology in general; their interest seemed quite adequately explained by their initial experience last August, and carried no overtones of mysticism. Indeed they had never paid attention to objects in the sky before the August sighting.

One would expect that witnesses like these would see many things which they could not explain if they observed the sky regularly; there is no reason to think that they are lying about having seen something, or that they are hallucinating. It was evident from their talk that while they suspected many objects of being UFOs, the sight of the object on the 9th of March was a real shock; they recognized immediately that they were dealing with something quite different from the "UFOs" they had been seeing previously. It should also be noted that while the ladies had observed many objects together during the past months, this was the first time they had ever reported anything. Even then they reported it only because they heard that other people were making reports, and in their publicity-known reports they mentioned only a sighting from several nights previously, an object which they readily agreed could have been Venus, when the investigator explained the appearance of Venus and where and when it could be seen. They reported the object of March 9 only after being convinced that they would receive no publicity and would not be ridiculed.