The image does not contain any photographs or images, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One)    Yes     No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 200 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    YES    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approx 1/2 mile 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of
b. In the residential section?
c. In open country/area?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): 
a. North   c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. N

24.2 How fast were you moving?  miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield    Yes   No
d. Window glass  Yes   No
e. Binoculars    Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite    Yes   No 
h. Other   camera

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as this observation. The way to judge a similarity is to try and match size and shape, color, and the way the object or objects moved.
Object was circular in shape and silvery in color. It appeared to be hovering and then accelerated at a high rate of speed and disappeared from view.