The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a detailed textual description of an observed UFO incident.

to get his binoculars out. While he was finding them and getting them out, he kept watching out the side rear window, (car facing west). At this point he almost decided to "get out of there", but remained. He got out of the car, and looked at the approaching object through binoculars, at which time he saw the shape shown in the accompanying drawing (made by the observe except for labellings). He said that if one imagined the bottom part to be like one of the rubber cups placed under furniture legs, and a dome set down into the cup, the appearance would be exactly the same. The whole bottom part seemed to be spinning rapidly, at " to 5000 RPM (or possibly "4,500 RPM" - the tape isn't clear). The rim section pulsated red all over at irregular intervals, averaging a second or more between pulsations; the pulsations were definitely not regular, nor did they display any other pattern that he would notice.
The object approached straight toward the observer and passed directly overhead at low altitude. At the overhead point, he indicated that it would have subtended about 14 inches at arm's length, or roughly 30 degrees. He could see the circular plan view of the bottom, which was also rotating, and appeared to have closely-spaced strips across it, which rotated with the rest of the bottom section. A hissing sound was heard while the object was near, like air under high pressure escaping. There was no tone to the sound, just a hissing, said there was no resemblance to the sound of any kind of engine, jet or piston, that he knows. He is a private pilot. The hiss was continuous, growing in intensity as the object approached and fading as it left.
When the object had passed over and had travelled on its straight course toward the northwest for perhaps one minute, a brilliant column appeared.