The image does not contain any photograph or images. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document is as follows:

OFFICE-RP (9 November 1967)  
SUBJECT:  UFO Observation, 9 October 1967

1. With reference to the second question concerning the weight of the object, the strength of dry soils can be based on a static load test plate. The estimated modulus of subgrade reaction for the general area is about 100 psi per inch. If a weight-foot diameter is loaded, a material, approximately 500 psi would be required to produce the observed surface. The loading intensity and penetration depth corresponds to a total static load of about 30,000 pounds. Assuming that the vehicle weighed about 16,000 pounds, the total weight of the object would be about 460,000 pounds.

2. If the observed object was solid (assuming a 4-foot diameter and 8-foot high object), the resulting vehicle size (volume) would be still over nine times larger than the 4-foot diameter by 8-foot high object described.

3. The estimated modulus of subgrade reaction of about 100 psi per inch used above was the minimum found for the area in the site data. The soil sample furnished and assuming a low moisture content for the soil, based on the photographs, would indicate that the modulus of reaction would be in the range of 900 psi per inch. The higher the modulus the greater the compressive forces that the object would have to produce to leave the observed impressions. On this basis, the modulus should be considered, if necessary, for the modulus.

4. As described in paragraph 2m and 2n, the depressions made by a single individual whose height and weight are 5'8" and 160 pounds. This person required moderate effort to turn and embel the plate into the soil.

5. With reference to the third question of whether it would be feasible for a two-legged object of the shape described to make the depressions, the object described would inherently unless it contained some sort of stabilizing mechanism or was less penetrated deeply into the soil.