The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book archives, specifically a letter dated October 28, 1968.

Text in the document:

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY

ON GARDEN STREET

CAMBRIDGE 38, MASSACHUSETTS 02138

DATA GOOD AS OF DEC 21, 1967

October 28, 1968

Lt. Col. Victor Quintanilla, Jr., USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Department of the Air Force
Directorate of Intelligence
Ogdensburg Foreign Technology Division (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Dear Colonel:

Thank you for your letter of the 22nd of October regarding the UFO sighting. I simply cannot add to the information contained in my prior report. I simply cannot add to the information that I might take out of the more serious worries of the world. Seriously, the observation was made and reported, and I have no further supplementary information to add. I hope you can understand the dilemma.

I would, as a complete stranger, say that on the record, I would say that the time spent in looking for a confirmation or contradiction of the finding is less than a waste of time. Other fields of investigation will appear that the Air Force is not, now, considering as being so fruitful. I hope that one can see my position: I can offer nothing more definitive, and I am, as you know, in no position to assess the implication of the incident. One can only speculate on what the answer will be. Incidentally, I was surprised to hear of the outcome of the meetings. I still was under the impression that no significance was attached to the affair as a whole.

I am sorry that I cannot provide any more assistance. But I was busy myself on the weekends of 11 October and therefore deserved, but far too restrained.

The investigation of UFO reports at Harvard is undertaken cautiously and with full respect for the difficulty of the field. But I was busy myself on the weekends of 11 October and therefore deserved, but far too restrained. Following that, I spent the week in Colorado.

I was most interested in the Condon investigation report. It is almost certainly so. Elmo's fire, as you surmised.