The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:
9/26-27/67 - NEWTON, N.H. SHEET SIX

SIGHTING EVALUATION (continued)
Conventional Aircraft: (continued) ((SEE NOTE I ))
Both aircraft were military and were apparently families with aircraft and were
Radar Observers during their military course. They appeared to look like
families returning t.o the air-base. THIS AIRCRAFT HAS BEEN POSITIVELY
IDENTIFIED: Hoax: Improbable in ligh t of wi tness background and consistent
accounts of their s ightings.

NOTE I: My first guess at an explanation when first learning of this
sighting was that a conventional aircraft with its landing
lights on was responsible for the UFO sightings. This would have explained
the abrupt reversal on the end of the first sighting as well this may have accounted 
for the oth er sightings. However, upon considering the additional
data, I am convinced that this can not be the answer. The reversal and other
maneuvering of the obj ects as reported would hardly be consistent with
conventional aer a. During these other passes the white light
would be visible and would rise vertically, hover, dart, etc. and both
white lights would appear and the object would reverse its path. This was not clear
in the initial report, but the additional data strongly indicates that the observers
trailing and maneuvering of the obj ects would not fit any conventional
aerial vehicle. However, repeated attempts by the observers to correlate 
the sightings with any aircraft in the area have not been successful. The other
data, such as color changes, extreme speeds, hovering, and vertical ascents
and descents of the objects would eliminate the possibility of these being
conventional aircraft. So I must conclude that some unconventional aircraft
or phenomenon was responsible for the sightings reported by these witnesses.

Further checks: - The Colorado team is making a check-out of a
jet fighter(?) that was flying south to North
course and was identified. This would
further substantiate the evidence that the object
is limited in those areas.

CONCLUSION: If this is the only occurrence, I would conclu
de out conventional aircraft. The evidence seems to be
in favor of a definately unconventional and artificial
object. However, since no photographic evidence was obtained, it would
be classified "UNK" unless further evidence is forthcoming that would
indicate the true nature of this sighting.