The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Project Blue Book Information Office
P.O. Box: 
Washington, D.C. 20330

Sighting:
I would like to report sighting of some unusual flying objects. These objects were first noticed by my son on March 5, 1967. 
The objects appeared to be about 7 miles, straight up from the center of this town of about 9,000 inhabitants. I enclose an address, which is near the center of this town of about 9,000 inhabitants. I enclose an address, which is near the center of this town and seems to be a good location for observation.

I was working at the telephone office, where I have been employed as a night operator. When I needed some information for a caller, when I needed some information for a caller.  I immediately looked up to see what strange objects caused this disturbance. I noticed the objects were almost overhead.

Descriptions:
The objects had disappeared over the horizon behind the town but they too were very low, just above the horizon. I received the call about 9:30 P.M. E.S.T.
Which was a good description of sighting two orange objects which appeared to be descending very slowly and gradually. It had seemed that they had disappeared over the horizon behind the town but they too were very low, just above the horizon. I received the call about 9:30 P.M. E.S.T.

The objects stayed in the yard a while and finally went in the house. The events are mentioned in my report. This report was written by myself. We did not attempt to take any photographs as this was not customary in our home.

Attached descriptions were written next morning. Independently, my wife and I both describe what we had observed while it was fresh in our minds.

The signatures are also included, which were taken at 7:30 as 1/10 sec. on Tri-X film, ASA 400. This was in an effort to determine the relative brightness and size of the objects. The delaying this long to submit this report was the lack of more specific identifying data, which I hope this report will suffice. At this point, I don't think any more information can be obtained.