The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) 
Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what would you estimate? 150-200 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)
Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 300 - 1500

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 20 - 25 miles per hour 
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Telescope Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telephoto lens Yes No
g. Camera Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words what you think, when placed up to the sky, would give about the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The airplane shaped object flew across from West to East. It was longer than a military fighter jet, maybe 40-50 feet long, and flying at a steady pace around 300-1500 feet in altitude. It had the elongated shape of an elliptical craft rather than a round flying saucer. The object was silent and did not seem to leave any trails or exhaust. I observed it for around 30 seconds before it disappeared from view.