There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which contains text describing the activities and recommendations of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board Ad Hoc Committee regarding the UFO program.

The text states that the committee's primary conclusion was that the present program could be strengthened by providing the opportunity for an in-depth scientific study of selected UFO sightings. It also mentions that in July 1966, the Commander of AFID initiated a request through Project White Stork to provide an in-depth evaluation of some fifty UFO cases for the purpose of identifying procedural changes that should be made in Blue Book methodology. Additionally, the text discusses the committee's recommendations regarding educating the public about UFOs and the extent of public concern and opinion regarding UFOs.

both physical and social scientists be organized to review
Project Blue Book. The product of this request was the Special
Report of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board Ad Hoc Committee.
Their primary conclusion was that the present program could be
strengthened by providing the opportunity for an in-depth scientific
study of selected UFO sightings.
In July 1966, the Commander of AFID initiated a CDC request
through Project White Stork to provide an in-depth evaluation of
some fifty UFO cases for the purpose of identifying procedural
changes that should be made in Blue Book methodology. In addition,
it was decided with sponsor approval, that the investigating group
include an assessment of the entire UFO situation. Results of
the evaluation of selected cases did not reveal any evidence
of extraterrestrial vehicles nor anything that might be considered
beyond the range of present day scientific knowledge. The most
probable explanation for the unidentified cases would have to be
cast in terms of man made objects, natural phenomena, or
psychological causes. Of their recommendations they stressed
the fact that immediate steps should be taken to educate the
public to the sensational but insidious explanation of UFO
reports, by releasing official books, reports, and news items.
Also, the extent of public concern and opinion regarding UFOs