There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)	Yes	No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? I could only compare it to a very fast jet or rocket. 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)	Yes	About the same distance from me as the horizon appears.	No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 5-10 miles away, it appeared that far off in the distance.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors - on the beach
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North	c. East	e. South	g. West
b. Northeast	d. Southeast	f. Southwest	h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?	miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes	No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars	Yes	No	e. Telescope	Yes	No
b. Sun glasses	Yes	No	f. Theodolite	Yes	No
c. Windshield	Yes	No	g. Window glass	Yes	No
d. Windshield wipers	Yes	No	h. Other moon

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
It had a lit up round saucer shape, almost like a very bright and fast moving moon or star but much larger and closer. It was not bright enough to blind me but lit up the area around me very clearly. The motion was very smooth and fast, nothing like a plane or helicopter. It had no obvious wings, propellers, or other typical aircraft features.