There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 12

was in back of them. They say the object was moving from north to south, yet their diagram shows the object moving from south to east. The fact they did the object had turned could have caused the discrepancy, and appeared to them that it was turning, and moved around traveling (60 miles per hour) they may have come to a halt in the road, changing the angle of the windshield, which the moving object caused a traveling reflection to be seen. Obviously, I cannot prove this, but it is a view of the tremendous uncertainties in the report.

The report, the youth of the observers, the two observers, the duration of the sightings is all very carefully estimated. I believe, unless additional corroborating confirmation is established, this case constitutes insufficient and conflicting data would be best.

28. 25 April 1967, Port Chester, New York.
Not in my current file. Apparently misplaced. Will do in Dayton.

29. 26 April 1967, Preston, Iowa.
Even though this has five witnesses, the report contains insufficient information, the description of the object is missing, and witnesses were adolescents. Case could be classified as possible aircraft, or possible unmanned.

30. 29 June 1967, Scotts Plain, New Jersey.
Several attempts to get in touch with the original witnesses have proved futile. The chief driver, has not telephone listed, and I received no response to letters sent to him. He may be an itinerant and not traceable. His passenger, Mrs. Shirley Winn, also was not traceable. No phone listed and letter so addressed was returned.

Yet despite this, original report stated that there were many corroborating witnesses. Apparently the Air Force interrogator didn't locate any of these, or give any leads as to how they might be located.

The report has a strangeness of 2✶, but relatively low reliability. Also the object disappeared, the report indicates that the object appeared at one time about 100 feet from the observer and at another time the object was circling an aircraft. No time-motion sequence established. I would recommend that in view of the fact that it was impossible to get any additional information, the case be carried as insufficient information, possible unknown. Yet the original report was so bizarre and no suggestive of something strange that there should have been immediate and comprehensive follow-up.