There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire-style form.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No, it did not.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes. Don't know what it moved behind.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes. Don't know.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - None; b. Color - Star bright - like a star.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, what would have been the result? [No response provided]
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

OCR output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
(Circle One): No
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes Don't Know.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes Don't Know.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None 
b. Color - Star bright - like a star
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, what would have been the result?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.