There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text only.

Vandenberg Sighting Report

Reason to suppose, from a quick study of weather conditions on the night of November 8th, that anomalous propagation had anything to do with this observation of ships, it must be concluded that they could be seen any time. The only reasonable explanation, therefore, of the operator's statement that he never saw ships on the scope is that he never looked for them before. Paver and Atherton indicated that large ships were never seen visually from the coast off Lompoc, and that is undoubtedly correct, because they would be below the horizon. Computations show, however, that, with mirage conditions, the running lights of ships would be visible at the 50-mile range indicated by the radars.

If one is satisfied to overlook the inconsistent report of the elevation angle of the initial visual sighting (10 to 15") and assign its cause to optical mirage, then one can say that that is what set off the ensuing chain of events. The operators of the missile tracking radars insisted that they had never, except on one or two occasions when they were also looking for UFOs, used their radars in a search mode. On those other occasions, they had seen nothing. This time, however, and subsequently on October 9th and 10th and November 8th, they saw targets. At no time did the surveillance radars pick up unidentified targets. Because of the enormous power and concentrated beam of the tracking radars, the hypothesis that some of the objects seen were birds appears consistent with all the facts that are known. Now that the weather report is available, it also would seem highly probable that some of the radar targets seen were due to anomalous propagation. There existed strong enough gradients to produce echoes from atmospheric discontinuities, and, together with the unusual circumstances for visual observation, the conditions were present to produce what happened - a wild evening in which literally hundreds of UFOs were observed.