The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, likely a transcript or report. As an OCR system, I will extract the text from the document:

Thinking perhaps that I had misunderstood, I asked: "So do you think it was a car that turned in?"

Mrs. King replied emphatically: "No, no, it wasn't a car, because we went out and looked and there wasn't a car anywhere because it couldn't have had time to get away. There was this other light, this other car, people said, that came down the road and turned off, and they said they got a better view of traffic coming up from South Hill."

Before departing, I again asked: "You are quite sure than that there was no car that troubled this view?" This being responded to, "No, because our daughter was looking out the window and it seemed to go back on the porch and she went clean out into the yard and there wasn't a car going or coming."

Illustrating the power of suggestion and the impact of this incident on some of the local residents, Mrs. King told me that just before her brother-in-law came home, she had a light flashing in the back window." (This she said would not be explained from the direction of Martin's house.) Mrs. King added that at the same moment, "I heard something sound exactly like a terry-baby like an infant crying." Now my daughter had the children but they were both fast asleep." (Note: This is believed to be the first report of a UFO that made this kind of sound.)

Despite this evidence that there was in fact no "mystery car," and that the "car" Crowder said he saw was in fact Martin's car, it is possible to resolve most of the apparent conflicts between the accounts of Crowder and Martin as will be explained shortly.

On at least several occasions, when Crowder has described his visit to Martin on the morning of April 22, Crowder has emphasized that he did see the UFO encounter to Martin before Martin volunteered that he (Martin) had seen a light. Here are Martin's own words: "He came down here the next morning...We'd just gotten up, I'd say between 7 and 8 o'clock. And there - there's nothing unusual around here. Well, I said 'Did you see that light up there last night?' - he said - 'Yeah, I saw a terrible light up there last night'."

Martin explained: "After he brought this up, it made me think that, which man is telling the truth?" In the first of two interviews with Crowder, he had volunteered the following comment about Martin: "Well, to tell you the truth, Martin is not considered a very reliable citizen...he's just a very ordinary share-cropper farmer...he's not considered a very substantial citizen."