There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains only text, which I will transcribe below.

During the first interview with Crowder, he spoke of "ashes" that had been found on the burned spot that night. (Apparently this was a reference to his clothing being burned in the incident). Crowder stated that some of these ashes had been analyzed, and Crowder explained that they had been washed away because it "poured down rain that night." 

If it had rained midway between midnight and daylight the following day, and if the four holes had been there the night before, there should have been some rainwater in the holes when they were discovered Saturday morning.

Had it rained since he had arrived at the site around 10-11 a.m. - He replied: "There was nothing" when he explained that Crowder had said that it rained that night. Raines responded heatedly: "There didn't anything rain. There wasn't any rain."

Had it rained, Robert Harrs, who said he remained at the site until shortly after midnight and who put his film on the 2 a.m. but for Richmond, could not remember? He had worked until 12 around 1 a.m., he recalled, and he remembered that there was never any rain.

Upon returning to Washington, I checked the Weather Bureau. They told me that their station at Raleigh, N.C., approximately 60 miles to the south of South Hill, had reported no precipitation from 3-6 p.m.

This suggests that Crowder was awake in the very early morning hours of April 22 since he was the only one to recall the "hard shower."

Norman Martin's Role:

Mr. & Mrs. Norman Martin, who live approximately 600 ft. south of the scene, arrived in South Hill sometime during the evening of April 21. Mr. Martin says they were awakened by bright lights, which would mean they were awakened around 10-11 minutes. 

Allowing 5 minutes for the Martins to walk to their car, and another 5 minutes to drive home, they should have arrived at their driveway and turned south from Route 58 at approximately 10:20 p.m.

Working backward for Crowder, he arrived at the local police station for him to drive to the station from the site, and a minute or two for the time he says he waited for the flames to die down, this would place the incident at somewhere between 8:50 and 9:55 p.m.