The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned text document from Project Blue Book, a former U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

Officer in Charge of U P 0
The Pentagon 
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

On December 19th, 1967, I was driving from Cloudcroft, 
New Mexico on route 82 toward Artesia, N.M.

At a point about 10 miles south of the location where Highway 
13 takes one North to Roswell, N.M., I saw a large saucer 
shaped object on the right side of the highway at an angle of about 
15 degrees. It seemed to be moving a little South of due East. 

The moon was bright, near a full moon, and was to my left 
at about 25 degrees of about 7:30 P.M.

At first I took it to be a warning light on a plow or some 
device, it did not seem ground and there was a slight curvature to it's 
straight course and did not disappear as it would have since 
this was not usually what one would see in the roadway.

I stopped several times and glassed the object with my 7 x 50 
binoculars and did notice the distance at times and the normal 
decrease of vision with the glasses it appeared to be from 
150 to possibly 300 feet. It was the same color and seemed to get 
only slightly brighter then darker to the same degree, there 
was no unusual sounds, which I could hear. It seemed to have 
no flashing or blinking lights on it. It seemed very light and certainly not enough 
to carry a balloon more then a mile or two.

When the lights of Artesia came into view it lifted and passed 
just South of the city, casting a slight shadow which did not seem 
near the top of a radio tower, which had a red light on top of 
it. The shadow was about 30 feet wide.

I made some pictures with a good Bell & Howell 8 mm movie 
camera. If these pictures show up when I film is developed I will send 
you part of it.

I have traveled West Texas and New Mexico for the past 10 years 
and have seen some strange things along the White Sands proving 
grounds; this was the most baffling and would be interested 
knowing if anyone else saw this object.

Sincerely yours,