There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

The text found in the document is as follows:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla  
4 June 196_

25. El Cajon, California, 19 April 1967.
We have another sighting to consider here. A tossup between aircraft and possible unidentified, but since there is no previous sighting or finding, unless we determine whether this is a specific item in further consideration up there as at that specific time, there is no reason to examine or consider whether this is an aircraft or a visual phenomenon. I have now determined that the witness reported what appeared to be a formation, but this seemed to be of formations, several formations, however, and the principal witness, quite familiar with aircraft, does not seem that many aircraft would have been heard. This is a case in which the "possible" in the "possible aircraft" should be emphasized rather than the word "aircraft".

It might be of interest in my discussion with Dr. _____ to indicate that he has suggested to _____ that they conduct to an examination in this matter of statistics, it is indeed most unfair to suggest or individual difficulties in connection with serious problems. However, we must not be reluctant to use a designation, for instance, aircraft A, B, C, etc., should mean positive identification, no question at all, that it was aircraft, but positive identification was not made. I intend to use a designation, for instance aircraft A, but I would mean positive identification, no question at all, that it was aircraft, but positive identification was not made.

27. 22 April 1967, Tom's River, New Jersey.
The evaluation here should be changed from possible aircraft to insufficient and conflicting data. My own feeling on this is that the data may not be reflective since the quite shortly a report was made, it was made some time after the observation, it is likely that the duration was a bit longer, four others in the vicinity heard or saw nothing.

Now as to the inaccuracies the moon rose that day about with her a very close to the east of the moon. However, at that time, the moon had dark areas just be setting and Mars would not yet be visible. However, this moon was in the southeastern part of the sky. This is indicated that they were traveling west, yet they say that the moon was in the southeastern part of the sky.