The image does not contain any photographs or images, it appears to be a typed document or letter. I will proceed to transcribe the text found in the document:

READ BEFORE THROWING AWAY.

Gentlemen:

As you have probably already discovered, I am a member of the Lynbrook Academy and I belong to an active and flying club with the local academy.

Last year (1965) some nine of us who were members decided we would like to investigate some strange occurrences regarding UFO's in this area. We did our fair share of reading on the subject and after nearly a year's time, we became convinced that something unusual was taking place in our general vicinity.

On the night of May 3, 1966, we were directly overhead and observed a strange object which hovered over the Lynbrook area for approximately 25-30 minutes. This object was disk-shaped, about the size of a car, and had a bright light on top which was revolving or blinking. It was perfectly silent and appeared to have some kind of force field surrounding it, for when a small plane approached it, the plane seemed to veer away as if it were being 'pushed' back. The object then suddenly shot straight up at a tremendous speed and disappeared from sight.

This is only one of the many incidents which have been reported in this area. Many local residents, including some very reliable and respectable people, have stated that they have seen similar objects on various occasions.

Possible Solutions:...

A) Meteorite - not possible because the object was stationary and hovered for a considerable length of time.

B) Comet - not possible because of the size, shape and maneuverability of the object.

C) Satellite - - - the speed and maneuverability rules this out.

D) Aircraft - as stated before I can personally vouch for the fact that this was not a 'secret' or 'experimental' aircraft, for its performance was quite different and its appearance was totally out of the question.

I would truly like some help in explaining this strange occurrence. As I mentioned, I am a member of the Lynbrook Academy Flying Club, and we have been trying to get to the bottom of this situation for nearly a year now. Can you or any of your associates shed any light on this matter?

Any information you can give me will be appreciated. If further information is required, I shall be happy to supply it. Please advise.

Sincerely,
[Signature Redacted]