There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a form with various questions related to unidentified flying objects.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
NORTH 7-9454
1536 Connecticut Avenue N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation. This report, when completed, will be published by NICAP. The information will be published in its magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is gratefully appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name: [redacted]
   Address: [redacted]
   Occupation: [redacted]

2. Date of Observation: 9-7-67  Time Zone: EDT

3. Length of Observation: Seen thru open window about 6 minutes

4. How long did the object(s) appear in the sky? 6 minutes

5. Place - describe the weather conditions and the type of sky, i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc. Clear night

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you. Clear & variable

7. If seen at night, indicate and draw the size and shape of the area of light if seen, were the stars or moon visible? If so, draw position.

8. Were there more than one object? No If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating position and size.

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it appear solid, or like a reflection or a light? What colors were visible? About the size of a grapefruit, bright steady white light. No sound.

10. Was the object(s) hovering, moving slowly, or in fast flight? Moving fast from south to north.

11. If moving, did the speed seem to change? Bright steady light. Speed very fast.

12. Did the object(s) - (Please elaborate, if you can give details.)
    a. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes
    b. Slow down or stop and hover? No
    c. Give off smoke? No
    d. Leave any visible trail? No
    e. Drop anything? No
    f. Change shape? No
    g. Swerve and change direction? No

13. Did the object(s) pass in front of or behind anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc. if possible.

14. Was there any wind? No If so, please give direction and speed.

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument, or windshield, window, screening, etc.? No thru open window

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? No What kind? How loud?

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) -
    a. Fuzzy or blurred.  
    b. Like a bright star. 
    c. Sharply outlined. Sharply outlined