The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document or newspaper.

Text extracted from the document:

P.O. BOX 311, ASHLAND, KY. 41101 MONDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 27, 1967

Police Officer
Sees Flying
Saucers

Police in Ashland have for years been receiving calls about "flying saucers" being seen over Ashland. However, one officer said today that she actually saw them herself last Sunday night.

Mrs. Sally Curley, who resides at 4337 Greenleaf Drive, told police that at about 8:45 p.m. Sunday she and her husband were outside their home and observed two flying objects in the sky. She said the objects were saucer-shaped and glistening, and seemed to be coming toward them. She said she watched them for about 15 minutes.

Mrs. Curley, who is a policewoman, said she has been hearing about the "flying saucers" for years, but this was the first time she had actually seen them herself. She said the objects seemed to be flying erratic maneuvers, and would suddenly stop and hover, then dart off in another direction.

Mrs. Curley said she called the Ashland police station and reported what she had seen, but the dispatcher said there had been no other reports of "flying saucers" that night.

Ramey Home Residents
Sight 'Objects In Sky'
The second sighting of "un-identified flying objects" over the Ramey Home neighborhood in Ashland was reported Sunday night.

Mrs. J. B. Ramey, resident and superintendent of the Ramey Home, said the "things" were sighted by several residents at the home.

The "things," described as silver-colored, moved rapidly through the sky and at times seemed to hover. Mrs. Ramey said the objects came about 8:40 p.m. and that the sighting lasted about 15 minutes.

Mrs. Ramey said residents at the Ashland Community College also had reported the same incident. The objects were also identified by some as "flying saucers."

However, Mrs. Ramey said the objects were not hue saucers, but seemed more like smaller round or oval shapes. She said the objects made no sound.

The children have a large telescope at the home and tried to get a closer look at the objects, which appeared to flash brightly at times, Mrs. Ramey said.

The ABC investigator in Ashland said he had received some reports of the incidents, but no one seemed to have gotten any photographs.