The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a scanned page from a document or newspaper article. The text on the page is as follows:

I KNOW I'M NOT CRAZY, I SAW IT
(Continued From Page)
wasn't too far off the ground, the usual stopping height of the describe highway being about a thousand feet."
The early-morning sky was clear. Nothing marred it except possibly a few hazy clouds. Mrs. Smith said the object appeared to be steadily moving in a southeasterly direction.
"The driving was very brightly lighted," she told us. "The thing seemed to have all of its lights on full bright. It was not making the least noise that I could hear at all and it seemed to just float across the sky like a big billboard." 
Before reading further, she asked us: "Do you people believe in flying saucers? Well, I do now, because I saw it with my own eyes!"
Most of the people in Shelbyville who saw the object gave a similar account. A high school youth, described as a "straight-A" student, said he watched it as he drove to school.
"I stopped the car," he said, "walked across the road and stared at it. To me it appeared to be a Cadillac or some big deluxe automobile about 25 feet in diameter, with a sort of orange-yellow glow running completely around the upper part of it. It had no wings or anything that I could see protruding from it. It made no noise at all as it glided by southeastward."
The young man said the object was elongated flying light, and he was so amazed that he didn't even think of getting a camera to take a picture.
"For an unexplained flying object, there was little if any movement to it," he declared. "It just seemed to float along in one direction."
Years ago, he had read of the bevyair-filled balloons lost and now and found years later, the type that have a light green color and seem to hover motionless for great distances. But this was nothing like that, he said.
"For a' minutes be stared, then the object definitely seemed to accelerate - not gradually but in a sudden burst of speed. Then it was gone. 
There were no other lights in sight as it disappeared in the distance."
The sky was still dark. At that time of morning it was something resembling a cloud. But this gave every appearance of being entirely a reflection from the sun, motion-less and eerily silent.
As he drove along U.S. 80, he met another car whose driver had slowed down to watch the same phenomenon. They stopped and discussed it briefly, he said, but there was little they could say except that they had both seen the same thing.

The object, according to various eyewitness accounts, was first sighted in the vicinity of Shelbyville at about 6:30 a.m. Just over two hours later a power failure leaving most of the city in darkness. Just before this time the object was reported in the vicinity of Shelbyville's sub-station.
For a few days residents of Shelbyville reported to the newspapers and radio stations that the sighting of the peculiar object in the sky. Many were described as "skeptical" until they saw the object for themselves.