There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing a form with various questions related to a UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes (D No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? - 200 ft per sec
21. Can you describe the shape of the object you saw? (Circle One) D Circular - oval @ other _ circular 
If you answered YES, then how long would you say it was?  20 ft x 30 ft
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) D Inside a building
D In a car
D Outside
D At an airport (fixed base)
D At an airport (mobile)
@ Other - sassafras River, Maryland
23. Were you (Circle One) @ In the business section of a city?
D In the residential section of a city?
D In the country?
D Near an airport?
D Fishing or hunting?
D Flying in an airplane?
D Other __
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 Approximately what speed were you moving? 65 mph
24.3 Did the object appear to be moving toward or away from you? (Circle One) Toward Away
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle appropriate answers)
a. Binoculars D Yes (D No
b. Telescope DYes  No
c. Windshield  Yes D No
d. Window glass DYes  No
e. Sighting tube Yes No
f. Theodolite D Yes  No
g. Other D Yes No
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common object or objects with which you would compare the size, shape, and color of the object which you saw.

a ball of blue light very bright

OCR output:

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes  No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? - 200 ft per sec
21. Can you describe the shape of the object you saw? (Circle One)  Circular - oval @ Other - circular 
If you answered YES, then how long would you say it was?  20 ft x 30 ft
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)  Inside a building 
 In a car
 Outside
 At an airport (fixed base)
 At an airport (mobile)
@ Other - Sassafras River, Maryland
23. Were you (Circle One) @ In the business section of a city? 
 In the residential section of a city?
 In the country?
 Near an airport?
 Fishing or hunting?
 Flying in an airplane?
 Other __
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 Approximately what speed were you moving? 65 mph
24.3 Did the object appear to be moving toward or away from you? (Circle One) Toward Away
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle appropriate answers)
a. Binoculars  Yes  No
b. Telescope Yes  No
c. Windshield Yes  No
d. Window glass Yes  No
e. Sighting tube Yes  No
f. Theodolite  Yes  No
g. Other  Yes No
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common object or objects with which you would compare the size, shape, and color of the object which you saw.

a ball of blue light very bright