There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The document appears to be a letter written by Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF and the Chief of Project Blue Book, addressed to Dr. Charles P. Olivier of the American Meteorite Society. The letter discusses UFO observations reported between September 10 and September 14, 1967 in the Ohio-Indiana area. The letter also mentions that the observations appear similar to satellite decay and/or meteor observations, and requests that any similar reports be forwarded to Project Blue Book. There are no human faces visible in this document.

TDPT (UFO)
UFO Observations

Dr. Charles P. Olivier
American Meteor Society
521 North Wynnewood Avenue
Narberth, Pennsylvania 19072

Dear Dr. Olivier:

1. We are in receipt of an unidentified flying object report for the Indiana area which occurred on 14 September 1967 between 3:00 am and 4:15 am. The report consists of two different sightings: at approximately 3:00 am a bright white object, the size of a star, was observed hovering and moving erratically. At 4:12 am another object was observed traveling from the southwest to the northeast. This object was also brilliant, the size of a star, and the flame was orange-white. The objects were observed for approximately two minutes each and were witnessed by several aircraft crews, including our flight. 

2. The above observations appear similar to that of a satellite decay and/or meteor observations and for this reason we would like to plot the trajectory. If this would appreciate any similar reports for these approximate times.

3. Attached are further reports which cover the first nine months of 1967. Hopefully, we will be able to forward the remainder of the reports by the end of 1967. We are in the process of getting out all of the 1967 case files, however, it will take another month or so to finish.

4. We hope that the enclosed cases will be helpful in your studies. Should you feel that any of the reports do not fall within the category of meteors, fireballs or bolide observations we would appreciate your most authoritative opinion.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

30 Atchs
(See attached listing)