The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Was the object -
a. Self-luminous ?
b. Dull finish?
c. Reflecting?
d. Transparent?

Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Yes

Tall the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length: 
a. Pinhead
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Half dollar
f. Silver dollar
g. Orange
h. Grapefruit
Larger
Or, if smaller, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

How did you happen to notice the object(s)? May 30, 1967 Mark A. 11:49 p.m. 

Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Mark's living room at home

How did the object(s) disappear from view? Departed in north east direction 

Compare the speed of the object(s) with a piston or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. much faster

Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate. no

Please estimate the distance of the object(s). not estimated

What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch: Sketch provided

Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. None

Draw a map showing the direction of the flight path of the object(s) as it (they) first appeared and disappeared from view, the direction of its course over the area, roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within 6 miles.

Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? Sagamore Hill

Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper. No

Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and data), if available, regarding this or any other observation. We will return the material to you.

Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name and title of the agent, his office, and whether the questioning took place. no

Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate. no

We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will hold your name confidential. Please note that we are not checking the propriety of your actions, but merely creating a more adequate file. Thank you for your cooperation.

You may use my name: C.L.

Date of filling out this report: Signature: [Signature illegible]