The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the size of the object? (Circle One)
If you circled YES, then what was your estimate? 75' – 100'

21. Approximately how far away from you was the object? (Circle One)
If you circled YES, then how far away would you say it was? Less pe

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. In the open
b. In a building
c. In a moving automobile
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other _______

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1. What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. South c. East d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2. At what speed were you moving? 2-5 miles per hour

24.3. Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No e. Telescope Yes No
b. Camera Yes No f. Theodolite Yes No
c. Telescope Yes No g. Thru-wing Yes No
d. Windshield glass Yes No h. Other _____

26. In your own words, give us a clear description of what you saw as clearly as possible of what you saw, describe it in your own words, as completely as you can. Mention any significant details such as color, size, shape, duration of sighting, direction and speed of object.

It was about 9 PM on April 18, 1967 in Tucson, Arizona. I sighted a round orange or reddish pulsating light hovering over a residential area for about 5 minutes. The light appeared to be rather large, perhaps 75-100 feet in diameter. It pulsed and changed brightness and moved slowly across the sky before disappearing. No other details are available. The sighting was reported to the police and Air Force.