The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a questionnaire and prompts for the witness to provide information about their observation.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, it stopped and then zoomed away quickly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No
b. Color: Light yellowish-white, similar to a star, but more defined.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? All or It.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object they you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Drawing of an object with an arrow indicating its direction of movement]

Text Output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?   Yes, it stopped and then zoomed away quickly.   

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   No
b. Color   Light yellowish-white, similar to a star, but more defined.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?   All or It.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object they you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.