There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 175 to 200 miles per hour, possibly higher.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? The object appeared to be about 10 to 15 miles away.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In the open
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other Bandon, Oregon

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Window glass Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Other None

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: The object appeared to be shaped somewhat like a pie plate or saucer, slightly rounded at the edges, and approximately the size of a 50 cent piece held at arm's length. It had a bright glow or luminescent surface, but there was no point source of light visible. It appeared to hover motionless then dart off to the south at a very high rate of speed.