There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a form from the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) for reporting UFO sightings.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces investigators. After all the necessary information has been obtained, this completed form will be published. Please answer as accurately as possible. Please print or type. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated.

1. Name:  
Address:  
Occupation:  
Education:  
Special Training:  
Military Service:  

2. Date of Observation:  
3. Locality of Observation:  
4. How long did you see the object?  
5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky; i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.  
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you.  
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible?  
8. Were there more than one object?  
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a light, etc.?  
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky?  
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc.  
12. Did the object(s) - (Please elaborate)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
    c. Break up into parts; explode?
    d. Give off smoke or any visible trail?
    e. Drop anything?
    f. Change brightness?
    g. Change shape?
    h. Change color?
13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving the direction and speed.
14. Was there any wind?  
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or by other aid, windshield, window, etc.?  
16. Did the object(s) have any sound?  
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) - (Fuzzy or blurred, like a bright star, sharply outlined, etc.)