There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document.

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
October 28, 1968

I would also concur with the identification of the [REDACTED] sighting of 11 July 1968 as the moon.
I had some interesting discussions with [REDACTED], the Dutch astronomer, who was the chief individual working with me in naming certain more or less conventional objects as "Open Air." Are you familiar with it? If not, you certainly should be, because it develops every phenomenon of meteorological origin, if you desire to get one.

He told me that he had discovered a number of extremely reliable observations of multiple images of the sun or moon, which in terms of instrumentation are no simple explanation for these phenomena. But he was quite sure that something peculiar is the degree of instrumentation, possibly in proportion.

Sometimes I get discouraged at the situation. I have worked pretty hard, as you know to some extent, into this area: I know of no possible exception of Hytek. But something definitely has happened to some individuals, but as part of a broad pattern. Apparently he feels that much more could be learned if conditions were generally more edifying, since he keeps his findings, as yet, quite tightly to himself, probably for fear of adverse reactions and attacks, to keeping files and dealing with cases solely on an individual basis. This is rather strange inasmuch as knowledge, like a lone duck in a shooting gallery, can nearly always be shot down by an ad hoc, frequently contrived explanation.

I don't mind his reference to me in this fashion. In fact, I consider it a compliment. But it shows him somewhat over-cautious, I think, and on its own merits. For there are now published investigations and on its own merits. For there are now published investigations and observations on UFOS enough by Hynek and others to clearly establish their reality. People can solve their own problems, but you cannot solve them if you take them in a group. But why should my individual's attention be diverted from an important, simply because they may not always dispose to data in keeping, independent sighting? Frankly, I feel much more confident in my recognition of UFOS nature by Hynek and others, who have to deal with them professionally, than in mine.

With thanks and best wishes, I am Sincerely yours,
Donald H. Menzel