There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a UFO report document with various questions and fields to be filled out.

UFO form continued

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No  
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUM: [REDACTED]
AGE: 35 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any "special experience" which might be related to this observation:
Being interested in flying saucers and having read a good bit on the subject, I am quite familiar with the general descriptions and classifications of UFO observations. This object, however, did not seem to fit any of the usual classifications - it was simply unlike anything I had ever seen before, either in person or in photos. It seemed to be a kind of glowing, reddish or orange light somewhat disc-shaped, but without distinct edges. It appeared to be self-luminous and was rapidly moving across the sky, at an estimated altitude of between 1,000 and 2,000 feet. The size appeared to be roughly that of a full moon, but it was much brighter and more intense. The duration of the observation was only a matter of seconds, perhaps 10-15 seconds at the most. From the time it first came into view until it disappeared from sight, it maintained a constant speed and course, and did not seem to change direction or altitude. I was so struck by the unusual nature of the object that I called the attention of several other persons to it at the time, but they did not seem to see it or grasp what I was pointing out. I have never before or since that time seen an object that could be so clearly described as a "flying saucer" as this one appeared to be. There was no sound associated with the object, and no trail or exhaust was visible. The night was clear, with good visibility.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? To no one