The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing only text.

Transcribed text:

However from his size estimate (30 feet) and the angular diameter when closest, the object would have had an altitude of only 50 feet. Angular estimates are well-known, however, for being grossly exaggerated by almost all witnesses, trained or not, so the actual height consistent with a 30-foot diameter could be anything up to 500 feet.

Once saw a similar object, without the bright white light, about 12 to 15 years previously when he was a Deputy in Humboldt, Iowa. He watched it dart back and forth, starting and stopping abruptly, for about an hour, and then called a sherriff's officer to come and join him; the officer was impressed. However, many witnesses will say an object was "similar" when the points of similarity are very few; there was no way to get enough detail on this previous sighting to enable an evaluation to be made.

He mentioned that on two additional occasions over this time-span he has seen objects that did not seem ordinary, but that the present one was by far the most impressive. He is positive that what he saw was not an airplane or helicopter, or "one of them little plastic balloons" (there had been a hoax in the area involving a balloon and a flare). He says he saw what he saw; he is certain it is some kind of piloted craft, that it is nothing conventional, and that he could not have mistaken anything else for such an object. He says his eyesight is perfect and that he is not given to hallucinations or to telling lies.

He has been ribbed a good deal by his fellow-officers and even by his wife, but he says he doesn't care; they don't know what they're talking about, because they didn't see what he saw. He is willing to accept the idea that the earth is being visited from other civilizations in space, saying that he doesn't find this idea fantastic at all; in a thousand cases, he would be right.