The image does not contain any photographs. However, it does contain text from an old Project Blue Book report.

Waterbury, Connecticut 05703
March 29, 1967

Dear Sir,

I have the following report will aid you in your investigation of UFOs:

Name: same as above
Telephone: same as above
Occupation: student (at present, in 10th grade)
Age: 15
Date of observation: March 29, 1967
Time of observation: 8:15 p.m. (EST)
Locality of observer: on second floor, in house at above address
Weather conditions: clear and mild, no moon or wind.
Details: With naked eye, object appeared as a 5.0 magnitude star, with background obscurance; object appeared star-shaped, with domes on top and bottom with naked eye. Color with binoculars: object appeared white, like a star, with binoculars; glow was white and domes were red.
Sound: none
Distance: Object first observed traveling south over Town Plot (a hill in Waterbury), near forested area of Town Plot object turned left, traveling east (an unusual use of binoculars became necessary). When object was almost directly south of observer, object turned right, traveling directly south (at this time, use of binoculars discontinued).
Object traveled south, occasionally pausing and disappearing, but to be seen again. During entire sighting, object blinked off and on, approximately every five seconds.
During entire sighting, object remained at same level, approximately 30 degrees above the horizon.
Other observers: Stanley Borowy (same address as above).
Additional information: When observed with naked eye, object appeared hazy. At time of sighting, no conventional aircraft was observed in area.

Object was first observed when I happened to glance towards telescope. It was star-like at first, slowly grew in intensity, changed color, and moved in an unusual manner.

3:12 p.m.: Third person (my sister) was called, arrived at time when object was visible but moving evasively and could not be identified to satisfaction observe

See second page for sketches.
Your identification or conclusion of this sighting would be appreciated. Please inform me of such information.
Sincerely,