There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document on UFO reports from Project Blue Book.

TEXT OUTPUT:

The four charred matches found on the burned spot raised grave
suspicions of a hoax among police officers and reporters at the scene.
by their examination, Harris himself said he almost didn't send his
film and story to the Richmond Times-Dispatch and News Leader. Yet when
the story did appear in the two newspapers, THERE WAS NOT A SINGLE MENTION
OF THE CHARRED MATCHES.

As a result, the Associated Press story on the case which appeared
in newspapers around the country made no mention of the charred matches.

It was not until William Powers visited South Hill on April 23 and
mentioned this important finding in discussions with the Press that the
charred matches were mentioned, somewhat casually, in the few newspapers
that carried the story.

Three men from NICAP Headquarters, one a NASA physicist, visited
South Hill on April 22. The results of their investigation were reported
in a feature story in the March-April, 1967, issue of "The U.F.O. Investigator." They referred to the burned spot and the four "punctures"
but, again, there was no mention of the charred matches. It was not
until the May-June, 1967, issue of "The U.F.O. Investigator" that the
no mention of the charred matches.

The new Frank Edwards book, "Flying Saucers -- Here and Now," devotes
two full pages to the South Hill case. But again, there is no mention of
the charred matches. It seems safe to predict that the South Hill case
will continue to be reported in books and magazines that will cite it
in most, if not all, there will be no mention of the charred matches.

The cause of public enlightenment is not well-served either by
"premature publicity" or by "official investigation." For example:

"Groder is telling exactly what he saw and there is no reason to
disbelieve his story." This statement is attributed to William Powers in
the April 27, 1967, issue of The South Hill Enterprise. It is quoted
also in the May 10, 1967, issue of Dixie Dispatch.

"(I) can't think of it being a hoax," Dr. J. Allen Hynek, as quoted
in the May 10, 1967, issue of Dixie Dispatch.

Obviously, it is not politic to dismiss the Press with a curt "no
comment"; but serious problems can't just disappear suggest that it would
be better for an investigator to explain that it is premature to comment
on the case until the investigation has been completed and that this will
require some additional time.