The image contains a photograph or drawing depicting a disc-shaped object, which appears to be part of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The photograph or drawing shows a circular object with a distinct shape and some details.

Based on the text in the image, the document is an "Official U.S. Air Force UFO form" that includes various questions about the observed object, such as its appearance, movement, and other details. The document appears to be gathering information about a reported UFO sighting.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The object appeared to be just passing by in front of it it appeared to stay the same size

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
Shape : round 
Color: whitish-gray object with some markings

18. Was the object brighter than the background? (Circle One): About the same Less than background Brighter than background. If you answered about the same or less, estimate the apparent size when compared to the full moon. About the size of the moon

19. Draw a picture or include a sketch that will show the shape of the object or objects, label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you may have noticed, particularly relative to its size or apparent motion to show the direction the object was moving.

20. Do you think you can estimate? (Circle One): Yes No. If you answered YES, then estimate:
a. Apparent size: about the size of the moon
b. Distance: Could not estimate the distance
c. Speed: Could not estimate the speed

21. Do you think you can estimate? (Circle One): Yes No. If you answered YES, then estimate:
a. Apparent size: about the size of the moon
b. Distance: Could not estimate the distance
c. Speed: Could not estimate the speed

22. Where were you located when you first saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN A VEHICLE at the time you saw the object:
a. What direction were you going?
b. North
c. South
d. East
e. West
24.2 How fast were you going?
24.3 Did you stop or get out at any time? 
(Circle One): Yes No

25. Did you observe the object:
a. Daylight
b. Sunlight
c. Moonlight
d. Wintry glow
e. Night

26. In order that you can give a plat which would indicate the location of the object in relation to your position, please draw a map or sketch showing:
a. Your location
b. The position of the object in the sky in relation to your position (The map or sketch does not have to be accurate, just a rough drawing will do.)