The image contains a photograph of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document is titled "PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT" and the subject is an "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT" located in Colorado (California, Nevada?). The date of the report is 19 June 1967. The photography section states that there are "Two original negatives and corresponding prints" and that the quality is a "Pair".

The text of the document is as follows:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NR 67-83
DATE OF REPORT 30 November 1967
SUBJECT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT 
LOCATION Colorado (California Nevada?)
DATE 19 June 1967
PHOTOGRAPHY
FTMS Two original negatives and corresponding prints QUALITY Pair
PURPOSE: This report is in reply to Work Order Number 67-107 submitted by Major Quintanilla, requesting photo analysis of purported unidentified flying objects photographed from the California desert on 19 June 1967. The photography reveals three images.
ANALYSIS: Examination of the photography reveals that the three images in question are apparently photographic phenomena. Noting that the curvature of the observation window is consistent with the images, these objects were photographed through the windows of an aircraft in flight. The images are inside the windows and nearly stationary - i.e. a fixed focus camera. Objects from about 6 feet to infinity will be sharply in focus. The images appear to be dark silhouettes and it is reasonable to assume that they are slightly out of focus which places them nearer to the windows than the usual sharp focus areas outside the aircraft. This then equates to an object distance of less than 6 feet. Assuming that the objects were not in contact with the aircraft windows, they must have been at a distance of several inches. This distance from the observation window precludes the objects being at a great distance from the camera. In addition, the apparent lack of motion and relatively stationary positions, with almost no change in angular position relative to the cameras position and the window, but do not appear to be related to anything outside the observation car.
PHOTO ANALYSIS BY: John R. Remington Intelligence Research Specialist 
APPROVED BY: William R. Turner Chief, Photo Analysis Branch
CHARLES L. CHASE Photographic Technologist