There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing handwritten text.

WRITE 
BETTER
POSSIBLE MAY 8 12 
BULLDOG

Sunday April 2, 1967
Bayshore, L.I. N.Y.

Gentlemen:

I write to you today with nerves on edge for two reasons. 
First, I don't relish being called a "nut", and second, I don't relish
wasting my time writing this if only to be casually tossed into the 
garbage can. I decided to write ONLY because it might serve to substantiate someone else's report on seeing the same thing I saw. So here it 
is.

On Friday, March 31, 1967, I was driving Southeast on a 
straight road called, North Thompson Drive here in Bayshore. High in the 
sky almost straight ahead of me was a seemingly bright star except that
it was yellowish-orange. I have never seen a star so big or one colored 
like that before, (and I am one who loves to star-gaze).

I watched it the best I could while still driving but could
not determine whether it was moving until I made the turn to my home and
stopped my car. It was moving, all right, very steadily and slowly in a 
straight line coming in what I believe was a Northeasterly direction.

I called to my daughter, aged 11, to run for her binoculars.
(Very cheap and children binoculars). They helped me only a little, but
I saw through them two colors instead of the orangey color. Distinctly
red and white. My eyes were tired from work that day so the object only
took on a blurry shape which was like that of an egg allied lengthwise
and viewed from the side. 

Both of my daughters, (my youngest is 8 yrs. old), saw very
clearly what they said was a dark band around the middle. My youngest said
the object reminded her of a hamburger. She meant of course the oval shape
being the "bun" and the dark band being the "meat". They both agreed on this
dark band and much later I casually took out the newspaper picture of the 
UFO photographed by two boys in Michigan, (which I had saved), and laid it
on the table. They both jumped up, very excitedly and said, "Mommy, that's
it, that's it!"