The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

March 22, 1967 - 7:10 P.M.
Traveling south on Highway 71 in patrol unit, speed approximately 50 - 55 mph. Me and Lt. Johnson. We observed a bright light to our northeast traveling apparently at the speed of jets. This was sometime directly forward and to the left of my vehicle. My first thought was that the DC-3 that brings turkey poults into Willmar from California had taken off and had landing lights on. By this time it had been stopped for approximately 20-25 seconds then it took off at a very high speed, I would estimate it to be at least 1,000-1,500 mph. I flashed my spotlight in an attempt to light it up, but was unable to do so as it was gone in no time. I then advised the dispatcher that I didn't think it would be able to land on the highway or in the vicinity, as it had reached a very high speed (approximately 100-150 mph more than the normal aircraft in that area at the time of night). I let my spotlight go steady - coming vehicle when it revealed just about aircraft color, but not much above or beyond it (I'll estimate) 5 - 600 feet away from me. When it was going away it still had a white light but I could no longer follow it in my spotlight. I advised the dispatcher again that it was leaving at high speed and was headed in a southeast direction. This time I opened the door of the squad car and stepped out. I heard no sound, there wasn't a cloud in the sky - no wind - temp was 35° above. To the south there probably more eastbound at this time of night. It observed no distortion in the air as it went by, no smoke or flame. After it had gone for a distance of about 1 mile across from where I was sitting I again realized I must have been taken aback. On the basis of this observation I it must be a larger more advanced than the DC-3 that comes into Willmar and maybe wasn't above the lake yet. I then turned my spotlight off to avoid being picked up by any other objects. I still I thought possible that this object may be higher than I estimated and so turned it on again shortly. Again, due to the size of the lights I felt he would never shoot too much of a bolt, the take off was so tremendous. I followed to file spot again in the same pattern as the first time, but when it reappeared the same spot, it appeared to be diminishing in size very consistently. 2 - 3 minutes than it was completely out of sight. During this time I had not very restful - it just kept getting smaller and smaller. After it was no longer visible I was able to make out this object clearly or hear any sound. If it was to view and determine if any man might be out and about looking above or below the vehicle. The observation as a whole convinces me this was not anything belonging to the Willmar nor all turning of an object was to its left. (I have heard Officer Richard Moreland on this end on 3-23-67 occasion 9 - 9:30 P.M. As of this writing I have not talked to him about his observations.

Signed/ Officer Richard Moreland #251