The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report discussing UFO sightings and investigations.

The text in the document is as follows:

The puzzling thing about the entire case is how possession of the rather could be photographic. Into how were they contrived? Somebody went to a fair amount of trouble, but why? I questioned both the sheriff and asked the reporter, "as for finding out also, whether an graphic supplies in the local stores, and whether he know who was buying them." The reply so far as could be determined, was negative, but this would make a very interesting: but might suggest it as a psychology master's degree thesis.

It should be pointed out that the "fighting on this" means the one that in this case, reports, apparently all through the year, and began in 1957 when a report was made a nightly sighting." In fact, he said, "it was shaped like a cigar - and was "round." 

I believe there is a moral to be drawn from the Welllington case. Had the Athens Air Force Base cooperated properly and done a good investigation on this case, very early in the game, and in particular, had found out how sightings and acquisition of said possessions, a lot of later trouble could have been saved. We still don't know how the pictures came into being.

21. 2 April 1967, Shively, Kentucky.
The evaluation "possible aircraft" seems okay. The sighting fits a pattern of the young boys "read into" what might have been a perfectly ordinary sighting. They are familiar with UFO literature and could have given a highly preferential interpretation to their sighting. The sighting was of short duration and the description given could have easily determined how much of this was interpretation and how much was fact. Proper investigation at the local level could have easily determined how much of this was interpretation and how much was fact.

22. 3 April 1967, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
The evaluation "aircraft" on this is ludicrous. If any evidence whatever is given to the sanity and reliability of the observer, it was an aircraft, then it created in the mind of the observer an entire fantasy, because as the observer stated, "there is no object I've ever seen similar to this object I saw." Or could even compare to it.