The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from a document that discusses the work of astronomers and botanists who published five volumes of proceedings from 1947 to 1960. The text covers their research on the adaptation of plants to extreme climatic conditions on Mars, Tikhov's method of obtaining plant spectra, and the results of investigations by Tikhov and his collaborators regarding the existence of plants on Mars. The text also mentions Shklovsky's view that Mars once had a civilization that launched artificial satellites, but is now a dead body. The document concludes by stating that the question of life on Mars can only be resolved by an actual visit there using instrumented or manned vehicles.

Many astronomers and botanists worked at this section which published five volumes of its proceedings (1947-1960).
Although this work did not resolve the question of life on Mars, it nevertheless uncovered many remarkable instances of adaptation of plants to extreme climatic conditions. Tikhov's method of obtaining spectra of plants in reflected light to compare with the spectra of Mars was later employed in the West, especially with the development of the infrared techniques. 
With Tikhov's death his section was absorbed by the Institute of Astronomy. Tikhov's works were published in five volumes by the Academy of Sciences, Kazakh S.S.R. They contain 33 of his own papers on the problems of terrestrial plants and existence of life on Mars.
The results of investigations by Tikhov and his collaborators were indecisive so far as the existence of plants on Mars was concerned, paralleling similar results in the West. They simply increased the probability in favor of the existence of such life. The occurrence of intelligent life on Mars is even more difficult to prove than the existence of plants.
Shklovsky's point of view is that Mars once had a civilization which launched its artificial satellites, but is now a dead body.
The question of life on Mars will be resolved only with an actual visit there either of instrumented or manned vehicles.