There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a detailed text description of a UFO sighting that occurred on September 20, 1967 in Tipp City, Ohio.

The text in the document is as follows:

Summary of the Tipp City Sighting

On 20 Sept. 1967, _____ and _____ had gone to visit a friend who lived on Floral Drive. The friend was not home, but the boys started to leave. They saw what appeared to be a light about 40 feet in the air. It was about 10:15 p.m. EDT. The boys saw four lights: a red light, a white light behind which were three white lights, slightly to one side. The object came from the west, made a right turn and started south. When it passed over the boys it appeared to hover for about 5 seconds and then continued south and the boys lost sight of it in a low cloud.  

When the boys first saw the object, they stopped and watched. Then one boy got off the cycle, took a chrome crash helmet and went to a filament sight at the object. When the object disappeared into the cloud, the boys got on their cycle and descended as though it (the object) had gone down also.

Heard the' boys outside shouting that there was a UFO in the sky. Mr. _____ walked outside, but turned off the porch light as he stepped out the door. He could not see anything do to the bright light in the sky. Only with his helmet could he see anything. But with his helmet, Mr. _____ looked all around but could not see any light. The boys said they could see the object quite clearly and it moved away quite rapidly. As the cycle turned south on route 2, the slowly moving object, slightly to the south, slowly disappeared from sight. They thought that the object landed at the field about 500 yds. from where they were driving. Looking in the field, the boys did not see anything, so they turned the cycle and started north. When half way back, the lights seemed to be brighter, they became afraid. They turned The cycle around and started north.

A Corryfield resident behind them saw the object as five lights illuminating an aerrifield behind them. The lights appeared directly over the road and in a horizontal line, the two end lights being red and the three center lights white. The lights remained motionless, then started to blink on and off, then, you as a service station. They then looked at the sky but could see nothing. They wanted someone to go back to the sight with them but no one would, so the boys went by themselves. The total time of the sighting was about 10-15 minutes.

They then reported the incident to the Aerial Phenom. Branch at Wright Patt. the next day.