There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. The image shows a page of text from a Project Blue Book report.

9/26-27/67 - NEWTON, N.H.
and have had experience in the identification of conventional aircraft. Both have had military and civilian training beyond high school but do not hold degrees. We received the impression that all witnesses were following the strange craft.

{ * telephoned Rev. MacClean on 12 August 1967, RR #1,  WEARE, CODY 603-529-2274. }

SIGHTING ACCOUNT:
The following account has been compiled from signed UFO Data Sheets and processed through various steps of verification and authentication in other sections of this report.

On the date in question this witness and had brought his telescope with him and was observing the night sky. At about 11:00 p.m. he noticed a bright, star-like light higher than most aircraft and it seemed much larger than the normal aircraft lights. He watched it for some time and it remained stationary. No sound could be heard at any time. As he continued to observe the object, he noticed that it seemed to go out of sight to the left, but almost immediately he could see it again to the right. This was baffling to him as it should have taken some time to cross the field of view if it were an aircraft or meteor.

It continued to move from left to right and then back again in a sort of zig-zag pattern. No one else was with him who could verify these observations at the time. Each time the object disappeared in the left portion of the field of view, it seemed to reappear in the right, always holding its elongated shape. After watching it for about 10 minutes, it began to move in a generally northerly direction. As it began to move, he noted that a bright light appeared on the bottom of the object. This light seemed to pulsate and blink at varying intervals. 

As the object moved northward, it seemed to increase in brightness as it descended towards the horizon. Two white lights became visible on the rear portion of the object. These lights appeared to be flashing or pulsating in a synchronized manner. The object was observed for a total of approximately 30 minutes before it disappeared below the horizon.