The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

NICAP MASSACHUSETTS INVESTIGATING SUBCOMMITTEE
Weston, Massachusetts

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting - Ipswich, Mass. - 10/02/67 - 8:30 PM  
DATE: 10 October 1967
FROM: Raymond E. Fowler, Chairman, NICAP MASS. SUBCOM.
TO: NICAP, Washington, D.C.

SIGHTING BACKGROUND: 
On 10 October 1967 I returned home from work at 6:15 PM. As I sat watching TV, at 8:30 PM my wife called to me that a Mr. William Castle of the Ipswich, Mass. Police Department had just called to report a UFO sighting which had taken place that evening at about 8:15 PM. I immediately called Mr. Castle who related the details of the sighting. He stated that two local police officers had observed the object for about 20 minutes. The object was described as extremely bright, white in color, and changing shape from round to oblong. The object was observed to be hovering and then to suddenly dart off at a high rate of speed. The witnesses, who are described as reliable, were quite concerned about the incident and desired to know if any other reports had been received. I assured him that I would look into the matter and would report back to him.

DRAWING ACCOUNT: (Typed from Investigator Jackson's Report)
GROUP #1 
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Dineen, 4 Endicott Road
Robert Collera, 6 Middle Street  
Miss Marlene Norwood, 88 Leslie Road,  
Mrs. Loretta Rodman, 62 Leslie Road
  
At 8:30 PM, Mr. Frank Dineen left his house to go to his garage which is located in the back of his house. As he was walking, he observed in the eastern sky a very bright, white light which appeared to be hovering. He called his wife and the other members of the group to come outside and observe the object. They all watched it for about 20 minutes, during which time it appeared to change shape from round to elongated. The object remained stationary during the entire observation period and then suddenly darted off at a high rate of speed, disappearing from sight. The witnesses were quite concerned about the incident and felt that something out of the ordinary had been observed. No sound was heard and no colored lights were seen. The object appeared to be self-luminous.