The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text produced by the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

L 00 RB - Iverlodt, Mass. - 6/02/67

INVESTIGATOR'S COMMENTS:

Mrs. Pierson's sketch illustrates a "domed" object as
seen by her at  128 in Woburn in the fall of 1966. The
object was described as aluminum-colored, 30-40 feet in
diameter and 15-20 feet high. It hovered over the
witnesses at what was estimated to be about 150 feet
altitude. The object then shot straight up and was lost
to sight in a matter of 5-10 seconds. No sound was
reported to be associated with the object.

However, from the other data present, the witness
statements indicate that the object did not appear to be
solid but was somewhat transparent, permitting the
observer to see hazy outlines of the object (see witness
statement 5) "no sound" 6) "was GLASSY" (see reporting
forms).

All witnesses involved are of average intelligence. No
evidence of hoax or hallucination is evident. The
witness appears to be sincere in her report and there is
no reason to believe she has fabricated the story. By
her description, the object would have had to be
approximately 200 feet in diameter. The witnesses
observed the object for 2-3 minutes prior to its
disappearance. During this time it moved an estimated
distance of 1/2 mile. The object's path to its ascent
was described as in a straight line.

On October 28th I returned to the Pierson's home to obtain
additional information. I gained permission from the
family to interview their 16-year-old son and 12-year-old
daughter. They essentially corroborated the details as
described by Mrs. Pierson. Their descriptions of the
object were identical and they indicated that the object
seemed to be solid, reflecting the sunlight, and giving
the impression of being metallic in appearance. The
children also stated that, instead of yelling, they
remained silent and stared at the object. Mrs. Pierson
had admonished them to remain quiet lest they frighten
the object away.

ANIMAL REACTION:

Everyone remembered distinctly that their dog became
agitated during the sighting and barked continuously,
even after the object departed the area. The dog was
described as being very restless and disturbed.

INVESTIGATOR'S EVALUATION: It is felt that this case
represents a genuine UFO sighting.