The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to a UFO sighting report from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California on October 7, 1967.

Vandenberg Sighting Report

Tongue of air extended southward almost to San Nicolas Island but stopped there. At San Nicolas, there was return flow on the surface and up to 3,000 ft., but easterly flow persisted above 3,000 ft. all the way to 10,000 ft. As the chart shows, there were strong gradients of moisture and temperature at both stations. Crow has pointed out that the temperature and moisture contrasts are probably greater than those shown, because the surface measurements were not made at the surface, but at some distance above the surface. One concludes, from study of the weather report, that conditions were very favorable indeed for optical mirage and scintillation and for anomalous radar propagation.

It should be noted that the event that set off the entire sequence of events was an optical sighting at 8:00 p.m. There is a strong possibility that the stimulus for this sighting was due to the running lights of a ship below the horizon, seen as a result of mirages. The conditions for such a mirage were present, but it must be pointed out that Payer and Atherton were most emphatic that the object appeared at an elevation angle of about 10°. That is too high for mirage observation of a ship's lights below the horizon. Hence, either their reports of the elevation angle are incorrect, or some other explanation must be found.

A further fact is of interest, and that is that, in the Operations Control Center on November 8th, one of the operators of a search radar indicated that he never saw any ships, that the shipping lanes were too far off the coast for ships to be seen by radar from that location, although the antenna was at an altitude of approximately 1,000 ft. He thereupon switched to his most distant range (80 miles), and immediately a sprinkling of blips appeared at extreme range. They turned out to be land-locked, confirmed by what was seen visually. Since there is no
shipping in that area, the blips must have been due to anomalous propagation.