The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, describing an observation of a UFO sighting.

The object first appeared as one white light and two red lights. The lights were much brighter than the stars, about the size of two periods of 200 yards. The edges of the object were like a star at first, then became more sharply defined. The object was moving at varying degrees of speed, and at one point had one brilliant white light and several smaller red lights. At no time did the object give off smoke or flames. The object descended behind some houses at the end of the sighting.

Text from the document:

The object first appeared as one white light and two red lights. Ten minutes later we viewed it at a range of 25 or 30 degrees behind bino-telescopes and the UFO was apparently solid.

The lights were much brighter than the stars, about the size of a dime at a distance of 200 yards.

The edges of the object were like a star at first, then began to sharpen and they were a little fuzzy. But fairly recognizable as solid edges.

For some time the object was in view. It was moving at varying degrees of speed. At first it had one brilliant white light and several smaller red lights, like a string or scattered, chasing the UFO. I saw it start to take off, watching the object through the binoculars.

At a time did it give off smoke or flames or any sort of propulsion. After it slowed down and started going down the object seemed to hover, the light brightened up once again for the last time.

The only other thing that was noticeable was the size of the object, suggesting when it slowly descended behind some houses.

At no time did it go in front of anything.

The object also, at no time, made any sound that could be distinguished like the distance it was from us. The color of the lights varied which is normal for one's eyes when the object was visible.

The object would have had to have been quite large in diameter judging from the distance it was away from us. When the object was sighted, its speed was estimated 20 MPH - Then it speeded up to well over 100 MPH and would disappear.

When it stopped moving away and started going down, it was about half to three miles from us that I said it was so big.

We first sighted the object while we were traveling north on the Anthony Wayne Trail in our car. Vision was not difficult though, because the weather was clear. We stopped the car and got out at our house and continued to watch the object.