The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a typed document or report. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

I talked out loud telling my wife what I was seeing through my scope while watching the object. It disappeared for a while and then came into view again. At this time the object seemed to fade out and disappear. We explained to our neighbors what we saw. She didn't seem to believe us.

We then saw the object again and this time I viewed it and the same occurrence again happened. This time I had a witness - Judy and I had a witness.

We again saw an object with luminous eyes a bright star-like object with sparks leaving it. Our neighbor also described it as similar to a comet or a satellite. This time again saw what is in my binocular's view the lights were sure the lights were.

Through my scope I could again see these other orange lights turn on at a different location is to each other then fade away. I then saw only a whitish light for a few seconds then it seemed to disappear as to just get smaller or to fade away. After waiting for approx. five more minutes to see if it reappeared I again looked through my scope. The object had disappeared. I expressed this to my neighbor who then advised me to write to your base. 

At approx. 10:20 P.M. I made a sketch of what we had seen. A rough pencil sketch. I tried to get a bearing on the object but this was difficult. When I drew some diagonal lines for a perspective it seemed to get smaller. I watched until approx. 10:45 P.M. He saw nothing.

Tuesday morning, I then completed this sketch from memory and from my previous rough sketch.

The following Friday I started to mention the incident to another neighbor (who occupied me in the past) and he said he observed the same object. He said he observed the object circle like lightning leave the main light overhead, not the same angle that I saw it.

At all times the sky was clear, no clouds or mist was in the air. I had no way of judging how large, fast or close the lights were. I had no sound was heard at any time.