The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, dated April 4, 1967, written by Major Quintanilla.

The text of the document is as follows:

2- Major Quintanilla April 4, 1967

He has seen a saucer, and who (if we can get him) would simply describe the program with a long-minute description of what he thoughts he saw. There is no intention that this "lighting" should become the which discussion of which an example of the sort of thing we are contending with to which the other panelists could later true that they found it useful.

I am trying to line up, for this job, a man named William E. Spovell, a pilot for the Seaboard Republic company, who reported a UFO incident last May 21. Perhaps you may know CAPT. I do not know if details of this case will be made public it will, of course, not appear -- if not, I think we will simply go ahead with the present three speakers.

The main burden of the "debate" on this issue should be borne by the same Quintanilla agrees by our two scientists. As envision the program, we will open with a statement of about ten minutes from several authors of sightings, who are there, and are of extra-terrestrial origin about 20 minutes then by Dr. Menzel, who believes UFOs are those, and are a Holt physical nature. Then Dr. Hyneck, who thinks all UFO sightings can be explained by natural phenomenon such thing. Questions and comments exchange be 10 minutes or so. Then questions and comments exchanged between panelists.

The panelists will be introduced, and the proceedings moderated by a C. McDonald, editor of the Flying Saucers Gazette and Daily News. He is a very amusing and good-natured fellow, and I hope will be able to keep the discussion from becoming too technical and pedantic. This appears to be something of a problem with both Menzel and McDonald!

If you have any problems or questions in regard to all this, please call me. In any event, we'll look forward to seeing you on the 22nd.

Faithfully yours,
[Signature]