The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or report from Project Blue Book regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting in the area between Princeton and Somerville, New Jersey.

Major Hector Quintanilla, U S A F Project Blue Book Wright-Patterson Air Base Dayton, Ohio
Dear Sir: I am submitting "Project Blue Book" to inform you of an aerial observation in the area between Princeton and Somerville, New Jersey for the past 8 days. One--and on occasion two--brightly lit objects have been observed and recorded at various times over this area. When I first sighted them on March First, I mistook the object as a planet--either Saturn or Jupiter, however the light showed quickly up and down, and from side to side. I am employed at a radio station in Princeton, and I found on the morning that the same object was observed by our transmitter operator over 10 miles from my location (8 miles north of Princeton.) The object was seen for 8 or 12 miles northeast of Princeton.) The object was seen through very good pair of German prismatic binoculars, and informed me that he made out a definite disc shape, and a bright light was attributed to a powerful beacon device on the craft's underside.
The object was seen on Saturday night--March 4th--and was very low--maybe in hundreds feet. We are on a number of and all aircraft was operating above the weather. Of course, visible at all times and until 12:30 AM, when the "light" as a distance of maybe to 10 miles--and operated the same as before. It was as high as a given to look for it again. The nights quite hazily and the object was no longer visible.
On Sunday night, the area was soaked in heavy fog, and the object was visible to me on Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday night (as this is being written, in fact.)
The most interesting event occurred at approximately 6:14 Wednesday night. I stepped out into my backyard and saw the directly over head, at an altitude perhaps 30 to 60 feet, on a powerful light that illuminates my backyard. Almost simultaneously, the object disappeared, with its light. I was completely baffled and amazed, and my wife and daughter who were with me at the time were equally impressed.
I would appreciate your comments on this observation, and any information you can give me on whether or not this particular object has been reported in other areas. Your early reply will be appreciated.
Sincerely yours,
(Signature)