The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. I will now proceed to perform OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

WORLD REPORT
UFO ... With Project Blue Book
Theodore O. Elsner of Addison said today he got "pretty scared" last July when a sonic boom cracked over Addison just before his mother's car arrived.
Elsner's story was picked up from national newspaper stories that all claim to be from some form of first-hand contact with the mysterious Unidentified Flying Objects, according to Col. John W. Boiler of the Office of Information Services at Chanute Air Force Base at Rantoul, Ill.
Officials at Chanute simply sent Elsner routing forms to fill out for project Blue Book, according to Col. John W. Miller of the Office of Information at the base.
Elsner said the Air Force sent him 5 forms, each of which had to be filled in, along with a letter of instruction on how to fill out the forms.
IN THE official letter, the Air Force said it would define Elsner for the case 5394 and if it found a sonic boom it would classify his report.
Elsner refused to fill out the forms. "The thought of filling out 18 forms, ridiculous," his mother said. "And Elsner said that and wrote that on the forms."

Sees UFO ... With Proof
The sighting of an unidentified flying object has been reported by a Rolling Meadows youth.
Fred Thoma, 17, of 2315 Newman in Rolling Meadows, told police officers William J. Gross and Daniel L. McKenna that he saw a strange craft hovering over a field late Saturday night.
Thoma said that as he was driving west on Central Rd., he observed a bright light ahead in the sky. He stopped his car and watched for several minutes as the light moved slowly ascending.
Thoma told the scene and took several photographs of the object with his camera. The object, he said, was a dome-shaped craft with a "large propeller." He said that there was a white light on the bottom and that it made no sound as it moved.
THOMAS SAID he took his camera home, had the film developed, and brought the pictures to the Rolling Meadows Police Station. The pictures, police said, show an object in the sky, but they could not determine what it was.
Thoma said he drove to the field Sunday morning and found no ground markings or other evidence of the craft's landing.