The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

-10-

would park his car while he poured flammable fluid on the road and lit it. 
It would be sticky to park on the road surface, and with the car lights on, for 
this would illuminate his activities and he might be seen by someone in the 
King house and the police would become alert. Yet the park lights would risk 
a collision if another car suddenly came along.

It would be logical indeed for Crowder to park in the driveway of the 
"Johnson house," knowing that it was then unoccupied, for he could then
get off the cars lights and be sure that Crowder says he stopped his car roughly 
opposite this same driveway when the intense flash of light occurred.)

If this hypothensis is correct, Crowder would be very alert to any 
approaching car while carrying out his mission, so he could quickly take 
cover. If the flaxion came over this car near the King house while he 
was pouring the flammable liquid on the road, Crowder certainly would take 
cover and probably would not resume his activities until he saw the Martin 
car arrive home, its lights go out and then he would assume that both Mr. & 
Mrs. Martin had gone inside. 

After lighting the fluid, he would return to his car and wait for the 
flames to die down. Then, turning on his car lights, he would turn west 
(left) onto East Farrell St. and drive to the police station. As Crowder's 
car turned onto East Farrell St., he got a car meeting him who should illuminate the car 
sufficiently to expose the object burned spot and it would be this illumination that 
Martin reported seeing.

Because of a drop-off in elevation and the intervining wheat field, 
Martin would not be able to see Crowder's car - only the illumination
from its headlights. (This was checked by placing a car at the site and
trying to see it from Martin's background.)

Since the "Johnson house" was then unoccupied, Martin would not 
expect there to be any reason coming out of this driveway. Recall Martin's 
statement: "...many times I've seen them come out and the car 
still shining on the trees there. Well, I didn't pay too much attention to
it at the time." Thus Martin would continue on at normal speed to prompt 
Martin to six hundred feet north to East Farrell St. to investigate.

This trial hypothesis seems to fit quite well. But what of the 
other possibility that Crowder was merely the victim of a hoax, not its 
perpetrator?

Incidentally, after the incident, Crowder said that he had seen a tank-
like object floating on legs. He described it as being metallic and he 
saw the reflected light from the headlights.

But more recently, and later in my interview, Crowder says that he 
believes the object "was a gas-filled flammable bag" which was designed 
to illuminate when illuminated by car headlights. On several occasions,
Crowder now believes the object was not a tank, but rather a psychological experiment, and that one of the branches of the armed forces is fooling with."

The question arises as to how good are Crowder's powers of observation?
Prior to driving to South Hill, I had prepared a night 25 mm. flares which
were designed to test his powers of observation.