The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of a UFO object. There is no photograph present on this page.

Text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. Alone
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over a country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Side window Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. This cannot be much more than a paragraph long. The more detail you can give, the better.
The object was a bright light like a star but much larger and dazzling bright - about the size of a golf ball. It seemed to have a misty or fuzzy outline. It flashed on and off and moved zigzag. It would dart rapidly northeasterly, then stop abruptly and hover for a minute or so. It did this several times and then disappeared up in the northwest sky. Its movements were very erratic and unlike any manmade object.