The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire-style format that the witness has filled out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? it disappeared
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes - It moved behind a cloud
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? No
17. a. Sound - Silent
b. Color - White
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, disappeared
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: Cloud
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Silent
b. Color - White
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.