The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a text document discussing the "Strange Case of Police and the UFOs".

Output of the text found in the document:

The Strange Case of Police and the UFOs
BY ED KEITH
THERE was a stir in Lowell, Massachusetts, a few days ago when an unidentified flying object was reported hovering over the city according to Lowell police. And this is not the first time such sightings have been reported by the Lowell police, with the result active efforts have been made to investigate any such sightings.
On December 22-23, 1965, five Lowell police officers reported seeing an unidentified object with flashing lights and maneuvering in the sky over Lowell. They pursued the object in their police cars, but lost it.
On March 25, 1967, another Lowell police officer reported sighting what appeared to be a "flying saucer" in the sky over Lowell. He said the object was bright, yellow, and round like a disk with a star-like light in the center, and that it hovered over the city for a short time before zooming out of sight.
Now a similar incident has been reported to me. The early morning of September 7, 1967, found Lowell police officers again in pursuit of an unidentified flying object. This time it was Officer Arthur Black who told me about it.
"It was around 1:15 a.m. when I was cruising alone in my police car," Officer Black said. "I happened to see this extremely bright, glowing object up in the sky. At first I thought it might be a star, but soon realized it was much closer and moving.
"I watched it for a few minutes, then decided I'd better notify headquarters and see if any other officers had spotted it. I called in and was told that the dispatcher and other men on duty had also seen the object and were puzzled by it.
"By that time, I had driven to an area on the outskirts of Lowell and the object seemed to be hovering over that section of the city. I waited there a few minutes, then decided to try to get closer to it. As I drove toward it, the object began to move away, but not too fast. I followed it for about a mile, keeping it in sight all the time.
"Suddenly, it seemed to make an abrupt turn and started moving very rapidly. I tried to follow it, but it quickly disappeared from view. I have no idea what kind of aircraft or object it was, but I know it was no ordinary plane or helicopter."
Officer Black said that after he lost sight of the object, he returned to headquarters and filed a report. He said the dispatcher and other officers on duty that night also saw the object and were just as puzzled by it as he was.
Lowell Police Chief Ardy Black, to whom I spoke later, confirmed Officer Black's report. He said that several of his men had seen the unidentified object that night and that efforts were being made to try to determine what it was. The chief said his men were definitely convinced they had seen something "extraordinary" in the sky that was not a conventional aircraft.
So the Lowell police have had their brush with UFOs. And if the past is any indication, they may well have more of such encounters in the future. For it seems that wherever police are on the lookout for UFOs, sooner or later they spot them.