There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text from the document, produced by an OCR system:

Amateur Investigator Seek Background of UFO Reports
BY KENNETH R. SICKMAN
The two young amateur UFO researchers who came to this area in Galesburg, Ill., this weekend to investigate reported sightings of unidentified flying objects here said in interviews they made of local residents that they have found "no substantial evidence" to back up the reports.
The two unidentified young men, believed to be amateur UFO researchers from LaPorte, Ind., for investigating sightings Saturday, said they had found no concrete evidence to support the claim that a UFO was seen over this area.
"We haven't discovered anything concrete yet," one of the young men explained today that their investigation had not turned up any substantial proof of a UFO. "We still have some more checking to do."
No Sightings of UFOs Despite Dozens of Gazers
The presence of the two amateur investigators in Galesburg brought out droves of Galesburg residents last night to try and see the UFO's.
Although they scanned the sky for hours, the atmosphere of a great sports event along Monmouth Blvd. was apparently created by the numerous sightings of young persons who claimed they saw strange objects in the sky.
The young persons spoke of seeing "bright lights" moving rapidly in the sky, lights that appeared to change color, and objects that seemed to disappear and reappear.
Equipment includes telescopes, cameras, citizens' band radios and thermos jars of hot coffee.
Despite the presence of the two amateur investigators and dozens of sightseers intent on seeing a UFO, none was reported.
Their greatest interest is in determining if there is any unexplained natural phenomenon that can account for the reports of UFO sightings in this area.
The two Indians men said that evidence they have gathered so far indicates there was a valid sighting reported Saturday night.
They are most interested in determining if this sighting had any scientific basis, through chemical analysis of soil and water samples taken from the area where the sighting was reported.
Their greatest interest is in determining if there is any unexplained natural phenomenon that can account for the reports of UFO sightings in this area.