The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document related to a UFO sighting.

Here is the text from the document:

Three days after our sighting was made, I found out we were not the only ones sighting on the same night as ours. I immediately called her and told her description of her sighting. It was as follows: As or her relatives (who were soon to move in with her) sat around the kitchen table, one of them suddenly called her attention to a bright light in the sky. It seemed to be directly overhead and moving quite slowly. She watched it for a while, and then she went into the kitchen for something. When she came back, it was still there, and she watched it for some time. Then it suddenly appeared to go out of sight. She said the object was quite large (about the size of a big full moon) and that it seemed to be rotating or turning as it moved along. This sighting was somewhere around 11:00 P.M. or a little later on the same night as ours. 

I think the thing that impressed me most was the fact that we were not the only ones who had sighted the same or a similar object on the same night. The fact that it was seen by others in a different location but at about the same time, tends to give a certain validity to the sightings. I think that when more than one person sees the same thing, it is more likely to be something real rather than imaginary. 

Three hundred feet up in the air, the object was never over downtown Toledo. After he got this first good look at it, it seemed to be moving away from him in a southeasterly direction from where he was standing. It was quite bright and seemed to be about the size of a big full moon. He said it seemed to be rotating or turning as it moved along. This object was in sight for about 10 or 15 minutes before it went out of sight. When it finally disappeared, it seemed to just fade out and was no longer visible.

I think this would indicate that the object was quite real and not just a figment of the imagination. The fact that it was seen by more than one person at practically the same time and in the same general area tends to give it a certain validity. If it had been just one person seeing it, it might have been easier to dismiss it as just an illusion or imaginary. But when several people see the same thing, it is more likely to be something real. Thank you.

Sincerely,
Toledo, Ohio 43614