There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form that seems to be filled out by a witness.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
   (Circle One) Yes No
   IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
   (Circle One) Yes No
   IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5-10 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
   (Circle One): a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section b. In the residential section c. In open countryside d. Near an airport e. Flying over open country? f. Other ____

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
   24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
   24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour
   24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
   a. Eyeglasses Yes No
   b. Sun glasses Yes No
   c. Windshield Yes No
   d. Window glass Yes No
   e. Binoculars Yes No
   f. Telescope Yes No
   g. Theodolite Yes No
   h. Other _____

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words, using the back of this sheet if necessary, a complete account of your observation.

Handwritten text: The object was observed for approximately 10-15 minutes. It appeared to be a bright round object, larger than a star and was hovering or stationary in the southwest sky. No motion was observed. The night was clear and the object appeared to be metallic in nature. It was high in the sky but lower than the stars and estimated to be approximately 5-10 miles away. It appeared quite large in size, at least 2-3 times larger than a star. No noise was heard and no trail or other distinguishing features were observed. The observation ended when the object simply disappeared from view.