The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old newspaper article or report about a supposed UFO sighting.

OKLAHOMA CITY, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1967 THE SUNDAY OKLAHOMAN

STRANGE 'FLYING SAUCER', NOPE, FLYING SIGN

It was a sign of the times - not necessarily a flying saucer.

When Oklahoma City residents looked skyward early today, they saw a sign - not a saucer.

The sign, around 30-30 feet in size, and illuminated by white electric lights, was spotted by an Oklahoma City resident. He telephoned police and stated that he had seen a "flying saucer."

Police raced to the scene, 3706 N.W. 63, to investigate the report, and were surprised to find not a flying saucer, but a large illuminated sign advertising a downtown drive-in cafe.

Mrs. Simmons, employee of the cafe, said they had put the sign up on a trailer and were going to tow it to the cafe. 

"The reporter asked up what time we were going to tow the sign to the cafe, and the dispatcher's office found D.C. Simmons, manager, on the phone.

And then the phones really started ringing."

About 30 of the calls came from the northbound H.E. Sigle traffic, and others said "My son just saw a 'flying saucer' in his room," and "I've just sighted another one," a man said.

Police information officer J.P. Bartle said everyone was skeptical at first, but then they "checked it out and found it was only a sign."

CONTINUED FROM PAGE C-8

OKLAHOMA CITY, WEDNESDAY, MAY 24, 1967

Jr's CITY

A Del City man reported sigthing a "flying saucer" in the southwest skies over Del City.

Jim Mischeiber, 42, said the flying object had the appearance of a glowing parachute with "a bunch of lights in the air." 

He said the lights pulsated at the object circled to the southwest, moved up rapidly and reversed directions of least once.

Mischeiber's report was first spotted by Mrs. Wilma Patrick, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Anna Patrick.

It was also observed by Mrs. Mischeiber and Mr. and Mrs. Patrick. The sighting was at 9:22 p.m. and the object went out of sight about 10 or 12 minutes later, they reported.

"I know it wasn't 'a plane'," Mischeiber said.