There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text only.

Transcription of the text:

"any case, between them and the town. The boys described how they got the car off to the side of the road as soon as possible. How they had run to the sheriff's office and told of the incident. The deputy sheriff was notified and he went directly to the scene, but by the time he got there, the object had disappeared.

As described by him, in his excitement, he pulled his pistol and fired several shots at the bright glowing object, but it disappeared from sight before he could get a good aim at it. The glowing object was much higher in the sky and presumably farther away.

I think one of the remarkable things about the boys themselves is that they admitted freely to the incident and it is unlikely that on a cold February night, a hoax would have been perpetuated by them. Lions would not have been playing a trick. They have no reputation for such things, and the report first went to the police station, which still leaves the possibility of a hoax doubtful. There was no particularly rough terrain around, and the flight of the object seemed to the boys to be approximately 50 miles away.

Note is made of the statement that a deep inversion existed - this was below freezing, so well above freezing. It is estimated that the object was at approximately 3000 feet. The object emitted a bright glow and apparently was reflecting the strong moonlight at the time.

The interrogation of the boys was good as far as it went, but the local UFO officer should have had the boys accompanied by someone at night, at the same spot, and he himself, using the same camera, should have taken photographs under the same conditions. The exposure time could thus have been verified. The ASA rating of the film was stated to be 400 and may have been too fast to obtain the sharpness that was desired. I believe an effort to obtain the town lights would have been worthwhile.

The long streak at the bottom of the photograph apparently indicates that the object was reflecting light."