The image contains a sketch of a "Red-Orange Glowing Object" which appears to be related to the UFO sighting described in the text.

1/13/67 - WILLIAMSTOWN, MASS.

SHEET TWO

It seemed to be about a car's width or width for the ground and about 7 feet in diameter. It closed on the car and pointed at it. This seemed to have a glowing light on it. After a few seconds it disappeared.

Arriving at Williamstown they found a police officer and returned to the sight to point out the area. The witnesses then reported that an oval object with a glowing light on it appeared to be hovering over the area and then took off at a rapid rate of speed. The police were very cooperative. They had investigated the sighting and found that there were more than six witnesses. The police felt that the details of the sighting were essentially the same and the young men who were eyewitnesses seemed to them to be essentially the same. They continued home. It was approximately 3:00 AM.

INVESTIGATOR'S COMMENTS:
The witnesses did not see the object again after January 23rd when they read about other UFO sightings in the newspapers. Their sighting on January 22nd. The witnesses seemed about what they had seen and their stories seemed to be essentially the same. They felt that the details of their sighting were significant although it did not last long.

The Williamstown police were very cooperative. They had investigated the sighting and found that there were more than six witnesses. The police felt that the details of the sighting were essentially the same.

CHAIRM'N'S EVALUATION:
The investigators reported that the sighting appears to be a legitimate UFO sighting. This fact also does not explain the red-orange glowing object with red lights on each side. It does not entirely correspond to the sighting reported by the witnesses. It does not conclusively prove the existence of a UFO. In general, the investigator's opinion that a legitimate UFO sighting occurred is inconclusive and valuable only in that it represents one investigator's judgment of this case in 1967. The sighting is not well documented, and it appears to be part of many other better documented UFO reports.

Respectfully submitted,
Raymond E. Fowler
Chairman, NICAP MASS. SUBCOM