There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a text document, specifically a resume of a telephone conversation between Colonel Stanley and Colonel Holm on April 4, 1967.

The text in the document is as follows:

RESUME OF TELEPHONE CONVERSATION BETWEEN:
4 April 1967
COLONEL STANLEY (in Col Jack's office, SAFOD)
COLONEL HOLM

Col Stanley said he had talked to General Giller whose concern simply was that Major Quintanilla would get caught in cross-fire. General Giller had told him that both he and Col Jacks had discussed the problem with Col Holm.

Col Stanley stated that Dave Noyes is President of the Washington Story. He is going to have this panel whether or not the Air Force participates. Participation on a panel of this sort is dangerous for SAFOD. They are aware of the pitfalls, but the SAFOD staff has taken action to reduce the dangers of getting involved.

Col Stanley said Major Quintanilla will be given the same treatment as many others who have gone on a press conference, such as Dr. Brown, for instance. The decision to have him participate was not an accident. Two Colonels with 30 years' experience in the information business will be holding his hands. They will work over every leading dirty question he might get. He will be ready for them. It has got to be best Panel meeting we've had in more than 1-1 1/2 hrs with questions.

Major has two things going for him:
(1) As stated, he will be brainwashed thoroughly before he goes on. We are not going to throw Quintanilla out in the cold pool by himself.
(2) On the 5th of May this panel also, as he is utterly convinced that UFO's are electro-magnetic. He has a book in Random House and is going to be on the panel to promote his book, and will be eager to debate with MacDonald - SAFOD figures Major Quintanilla will probably be able to just sit back and listen to them debate.

Another thing, MacDonald wrote to Dr. Price in AFOAR saying that he will be in Washington on the 17th and has an appointment with Naval Research on the 18th. Price them down. MacDonald will have the argument, "Dr. MacDonald, you had an entire afternoon to present any information you had to AFOAR." Think we have him fireproofed.

Col Stanley says Air Force has had three things this past year in its favor:
1. Contract with Gordon - Want to be able to say that man is free.
2. Movement of Blue Book out of vaulted area.
3. Situation has developed to point where a number of newsmen are taking a real hard-nosed look at the problem.

Col Stanley would like to hear from Col Sleeper ASAP on Friday, 7 April.