There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form to be filled out with details about a UFO sighting.

The text content of the document is as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form c*

14. Did the object appear to change in size during the time you observed it? If yes, then tell what

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound 
b. Color
c. Size
d. Number

18. We wish to know the angular size (field of view) which at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the field of view of the object. If you had performed this experiment, state the approximate fraction of the field of view occupied by the object.

19. Draw a picture of the object, showing details you observed, and include in your sketch any relevant background details (buildings, horizon, trees, etc.). (If you can obtain a rough sketch, do so. This will enable the Air Force to visualize the object more clearly.

20. Do you think the object was:
(Circle One)
    a. An aircraft 
    b. A balloon
    c. A satellite
    d. A star or planet
    e. Other (specify)

21. Do you think you can estimate the approximate distance to the object?
(Circle One)
If you answered YES, then how far

22. Where were you located when you first saw the object?
(Circle One)
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. Outside a building
    d. In an airplane (type)
    e. Other

23. Did you observe the object through:
     a. Eyesight
     b. Binoculars
     c. Camera
     d. Telescope
     e. Other optical device

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AIRPLANE, what direction were you going?
    24.1 What direction were you facing?
    24.2 How fast were you moving?
    24.3 Did you stop or change course at any time? 

25. In order that you can give as complete a report as possible, when placed in the hands of the Air Force, there are other details that should be included. Please add any other information that you feel is pertinent or significant.