There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

March 3, 1967 8:30 p.m. EST
The first thing that I saw was a shooting star that traveled directly over the house. In a few seconds as I was searching the sky for other stars I saw a distant light, bright light approaching, came nearer and began to travel almost parallel. But soon it became evident that the light was not caused by an airplane, nor did it appear as any airplane that I had ever seen before.
As it came nearer it seemed to have now followed by a smaller light several miles behind it. These two lights began to travel off and fly side by side, as if in formation. The distance between the two lights varied from one mile to four miles.
They were traveling at a very fast air maneuvering rate. Coming closer and closer to the house. The glow of the street light here is somewhat at the wrong terms. At no time was the object luminously shone as seen in the past. The closer they got objects came, the smaller they appeared. The color that had previously been a dull red now appeared as two separate colored-one red and one white. Both and continued watching, but as it began to maneuver, it was no longer visible and we ran into the house. We called our neighbors and when we all came back out, the lights were in almost the same location. We followed their progress. The first time that I viewed them through binoculars they appeared as red and white lights. I went into the house after giving my father who was at work. When I came out, the lights appeared to be much closer to us. The were midway between the house and the trees. I looked through the main chairs. The lights were more distinct. That did not appear to be trailing. I could not distinguish the shape clearly. During all of these happenings the lights were continuing to move southward. At times, as we watched their progress the lights would suddenly appear to rise sharply, a blind moving object and then disappear. This light passed, then lining up with another to, it too call in line and had the other objects.