The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an old report form or document related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) investigation.

Textual content from the document:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP. Answers will be published by NICAP in its regular bulletin only with your permission.

1. Name: Redhead Richard
Address: 54 Davidson Street
Redwood City, California
Telephone Number: DA 6-1467
2. Date of Observation: February 8, 1967
3. Location of Observation: Redwood City, California
4. How long did you see the object? 3 Minutes
5. Please describe the conditions and the type of sky; location, time, date, etc. Clear night, full stars.
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: Moon.
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, what were the light conditions? Moonlight.
8. Where were you in relation to the object? If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating the direction.
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or simply as a source of light; was it revolving, etc.? Bright, round object.
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? Yes.
11. How did its brightness compare with the stars, moon, headlights, etc.? Seemed brighter than stars.
12. Did the object(s) — 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Seemed to move slowly.
b. Move in a straight line? Yes.
c. Vary in speed? Yes.
d. Perform any type of maneuver? Unknown.
e. Leave any visible trail? No.
f. Break up or explode? No.
g. Change shape? No.
13. Did it (they) disappear suddenly or gradually, or behind of anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible.
14. Was the object(s) at any time partially or completely obscured by clouds, buildings, or other obstructions? If so, please give direction and speed.
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, window, screen, etc.? No.
16. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) — 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Simply a point of light