The image does not contain any photographs, it is a page from an old UFO report document that appears to contain a detailed list of qualifications for a particular individual.

The text in the document is as follows:

The following report of a U.F.O. sighting on July 3, 1967 in the Kansas City-Kansas taken of Leonard, Kansas is made by the writer with the following directly related qualifications:

1) Graduate Mechanical Engineer with major in Aeronautical Engineering - Case Institute of Technology 1939

2) Licensed private pilot since 1941, 700 flying hours, primary glider to cross country and instrument flight.

3) Three and a half years instructor at University of Houston teaching subjects: Aerodynamics, Aircraft Navigation, Aircraft Engines, Meteorology.

4) Aeronautical engineer and test pilot for Cessna Aircraft Co. during World War II. And testing of a classified bomb director during World War II. This included flying hours of flight testing - as well as training pilots etc. on the proper use and maintenance of this equipment using internal Government Standards.

5) Licensed Professional Engineer in the State of Kansas. 

6) Member various Engineering and Technical societies.

7) Member of the Astronomy Club of Kansas City.

8) Observed many meteorological phenomena: at sea, in the air, etc. such as St. Elmo's fire on aircraft, sun dogs, sun halos, sun pillars, ball lightning, plasma, luminous clouds, many image distortions due to temperature inversions, land, and sea mirages, Gegenschein, high altitude phenomena, thunder-heads, waterspouts, sonic pressure waves, northern lights, comets, asteroids and meteorites.

9) While on sea duty with U.S. Navy other duties such as liaison officer, aircraft carriers, photographic officer, monitored radio and radar in CIC, plane accident investigations, etc.

10) Fourteen years as a field welding engineer for Lincoln Electric Co.

11) Instructed at (3) universities - U of Houston, Univ. of California and University of Missouri at Kansas City.

12) Developed and patented several products in plastics, electronics, etc. Now president of Rioholl Bros. Inc. of Kansas City, Missouri.