The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document describes an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting, including details about the size, brightness, and motion of the object observed. The text mentions that the witnesses described the object as being as bright as Venus and approximately the size of a baseball at 500 feet. The document also describes the object making sudden, fast movements and then disappearing.

A 250 candlepower landing light focused to a 10-degree beam appear to be of magnitude -6 at a distance of ten miles - over 10 times as bright as Venus. However, in one case the beam width would be 35 degrees, reducing the brightness to magnitude -2, diminishing the brilliance greatly. Since the light against a black background was round and of considerable size. The witnesses gave greatly varying estimates of size, from 1/12 degree to 3 degrees, for the same object; however, that it was much smaller than the moon (1/2 degree). The size was given as that of a baseball at 500 feet, which is about 1 1/2 degrees. It would look larger than that, owing to spreading of light in the atmosphere.

The red and green lights seen right and left of the main light were observed intermittently - these, of course, would be the green running lights of an airplane.

Motions. The most striking motions were those reported (90 degrees in 10 minutes) and the sudden stopping over the road and disappearing instantaneously). I could not mention - it was "too fast to follow". He said at one point the object disappeared, but I could tell which way it went" - meaning the information came at the instant of disappearance. He did not see any streak of light. Under the circumstances, reasonable to suppose that there was an involuntary imprecise visual phenomenon, but no actual motion. The light simply went out.

If the sudden appearance seen by a single witness provided with observation of fast motion from the left, there is considerable reason to doubt the reality of the appearance. The light simply went out.