The given image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely from Project Blue Book, discussing various topics related to unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

THINK RAITS

Keep Explanation
Some people have a ready explanation for unidentified flying objects. They say they are "weather balloons," "satellites," "airplanes," etc. The trouble is, many of these objects don't fit any of these explanations. Let's be honest - there are some things in the skies that don't have a simple, ready explanation.

Careful Observers
Can private pilot - Aug 15, 1957, Newmanstown, Pa. (see Acrobatics report).

A look to be professional aerial observers, trained in identification of aircraft and natural phenomena, can often determine that what they are seeing is not readily identifiable. Their reports sometimes include details that indicate a startling performance beyond the capabilities of known aircraft.

Matching Reports
Investigators frequently document stories of sightings seen 100-200 years ago which seem to match recent UFO reports (see Matching Reports).

Respected Scientists
Many respected scientists have seriously studied unidentified flying objects. Some of these include J. Allen Hynek of Ohio State University, Dr. James E. McDonald of the University of Arizona, Dr. John S. Derr of the U.S. Geological Survey and Dr. James A. Harder of the University of California. These men advise A. E. Cope, Office of Naval Research, that there is a real phenomenon worthy of serious scientific study.

Application Symposium
Washington, D.C. will be the site of a symposium on UFOs on October 26-27, 1967. The symposium is for use of state Govt. authorities who wish to learn more about UFOs, their characteristics, investigation techniques, etc. It is being presented by NICAP's Advisory Group on Unconventional Aerospace Phenomena and Goddard Space Flight Center. Interested authorities should contact Dr. Thornton Page, Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Maryland.