The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text from the document:

Report of Investigation: 
Mr. [REDACTED]

Having called between the hours of 10:30 and 11:45 A.M. on 19 February 1967, at his home, Meggett, S. C.

To support the rather terse answers on the NICAP Form, the following:

Mr. [REDACTED] was driving home from work on Route 63, northbound on the evening of 15 February 1967. As he was approaching his home, he noticed a light in the sky, which he at first thought was a star, but as he continued to watch, it appeared to be hanging motionless and was a glowing, extremely bright light. He realized it was not a star and became quite aware of watching it closely. It appeared to be rectangular or extremely bright light. After watching it for some time, he became aware of a smaller object below the larger one and they appeared to be joined or connected. The smaller object appeared to be hanging beneath the larger one, but still some distance away. He watched this formation for some time and then they started to move off to the northwest and began to fade from view.

Prompted by my question about its light intensity, he indicated it was of such brightness that it dazzled or blinded his vision. Comparing it to a movie camera flashbulb, he said it was not that bright, but certainly much brighter than the headlights of a car which is close up, say within 40-45 mph. He opened his side window and put his head part way out of the car to get a better look, and he could not see any outline or shape but only the bright glow which was extremely intense. An air freight company had a familiar type plane off in the distance and the blinking lights of this plane were dull and insignificant in comparison to the object he was observing. He stated further that the object was larger or larger than the big "Huey" helicopters and there was nothing to indicate the size or distance, but he became concerned about the object's behavior and the manner in which it began to move off.

He attempted to look up at the lights as he drove under them, but it appeared that he could not see them clearly through his car windshield. After passing under the UFD and looking in the rear view mirror, the flashing red light was no longer observed on the approach from the south.