The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Seemed to travel_about 100 mph - on a parallel course and altitude.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Appeared to be anywhere from 2,000 - 35,000 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car - 2 AM time
c. Outdoors - 1.15 time
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? - 6 SF
c. In open countryside? - 2 mi
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 35 - 40 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses  Yes
b. Sun glasses Yes
c. Windshield  Yes
d. Window glass Yes
e. Binoculars  Yes
f. Telescope  Yes
g. Theodolite  Yes
h. Other  2nd time - aimed pistol sight on it

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Seemed to be a time-appeared as 2 parallel side by side sausage-shaped objects - about 2-3 times the size of a plane - moved at about 100 mph - in parallel course and altitude for about 1-2 minutes.