The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the Department of Astronomy at Northwestern University addressed to Lt. William Marley, dated 7 September 1967. The letter discusses an unidentified aerial phenomenon observed in the Midwest, providing details about its characteristics and the probability that it was caused by an unidentified object.

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

DEPARTMENT OF ASTRONOMY        LINDHEIMER ASTRONOMICAL RESEARCH CENTER

7 September 1967

Lt. William Marley
PFD (RETDER)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Dear Bill:

I hope this letter reaches you promptly. As you know, the ecliiptic was about as far north or west as it can get at the time it was questioned. The brilliant object moving after sunset from high in the west to the horizon in the northwest. The reports to the south and east were back-and-forth motions suggesting a high degree of control in the vertical and horizontal directions.

As far as normal atmospheric refraction effects, and the other reports no doubt refer to the larger group of conditions that have become familiar through photographic and visual display of the unspecified objects. While these unidentified objects are seen through optical instruments by the observers, there is also a high probability that they were inserted by the observers through some form of electromagnetic radiation which could color the sightinqs and reports of motions observed with binoculars unless the witness states specifically that the image seemed magnified by the binoculars.

I have a request from Charles Cox, Associate Round News Times World Building, Roanoke, Virginia. Mr. Cox gave me some background information on the South Hill case. Crowder, and I had told him I could not aid him further as I might have compromised my position in Blue Book. He just called, asking if he could obtain that report. Are rather than that him around from one place to another, I told him I'd ask you to send him that report if you can. 

-1-