The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing a Project Blue Book report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

road (see pictures). They traveled in groups of from one to three, had an initial angular velocity of about three degrees per second, increasing to about eight degrees per second just before disappearing directly overhead. There was no obstruction to vision, and the sun was clouded at the time. Two other objects had accompanied one outside had one reversed track, and one turned north, east for a while then turned back southwest, and one reversed track. After several objects. He included the manager, the cook, two waitresses, several customers, and Coca Cola delivery man. ALIBIS THE CUSTOMTERS .-W SE INTERVIEWED but no one else saw the objects. Photo to report the sighting caused to see plan, until 1130 MST, until 1300 MST, as he went off duty. After reporting, he obtained binoculars, but could see no difference in appearance through them.

4. Radar skin paint:
Two WSMR radars were on standby and were called up. One, King 1 in Holloman A called another of elephant Mountain. It's twentyfive miles to the northeast. The radar skin paint was from 1055 to 1115. Elephant Mountain from 1108 to 1118. The objects appeared for one or two sweeps, disappeared for a few sweeps, and reappeared. The maximum number painted at one time was four. With an estimated at stable radar paint at about one and one-half minutes delay, the total time on radar could have been ten miles southwest of Summit to five miles south to five miles southeast equivocally. The final object was not painted by both radars and was observed continuously for three or four minutes, moving with constant direction and speed.

5. Radar track:
Some Air Force control radar at King I was finally able to lock on the last object tracked. The altitude was 25,000 feet. At this the object reached the limit of the tracker, and the tracker began to lose the data which appeared to be a high speed target circling Holloman. This was subsequently proved to be servo drift, with noise in the radar data.

6. The data available is thus an unconfirmed visual sighting of numerous silver specks and intermittent radar skin paints in the vicinity of the visual sighting, but not in a position which confirms the visual.