The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO sighting.

U. S. A. G.
July 21, 1967

Briefly, the sighting occurred during a quiet family party on our patio at a prior residence. Several of our household and a neighbor. First, we noticed a bright red orange light brushing through the sky about 30 degrees from us over the woods. It was an object completely unlike anything we had ever seen. We ran for a set of binoculars and my wife observed the object through them. She could observe the object through the binoculars as well, but only the writer saw the object in the telescope-which proved difficult to train on the object due to its limited size.

The sun had set a few minutes before the sighting, and the sky was clear. No stars or comets were visible, (the Air Force included clouds and possible comets in their reports). The conditions were ideal, including the setting sun at our backs. 

The object appeared to draw on the attached sheet - two persons (one the writer) with binoculars were watching the object, as well as the other two observations. As it moved silently, it emitted a brush and a vapor trail, and we could see small houses on the Kansas side of the Missouri-Kansas State line 12 miles away from the center of Kansas City - disappearing behind the object as it moved across about 170 yards from our observation point - or almost due south.

The edges and surface were sharp and clear - bright metallic in color similar to polished stainless steel - reflections of green trees could be seen on the hull, nothing combined was unlike any known aircraft. However, it was traveling considerably faster than the wind, the only visible vapor or smoke trailing. The three very bright red orange lights appeared to be non-strobing - aircraft collision lights as they seemed to mark the shape. As it wobbled through the air - when the edge nearest us was up momentarily, we could not tell that it was shaped differently than a flat disk, except for the fact that the bright lights on the port and starboard quarters.

It appeared to be approximately 50-70 feet in diameter as one observer thought they saw small porthole's, where several did not - whether the sunlight was hitting the object at that point. The estimated altitude was not sure.

It is difficult if not impossible to estimate distance, size or speed when all are unknown, as the distance estimates would bring it at an airfield about four miles south. The diameter appeared to be about fifty feet if any.