The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, discussing details of an encounter with UFOs.

MICHALAK EXCLUSIVE TO MARK-AGE
Page 2

What would be your thoughts if you saw two UFO's approach, then one of them land near you?
Would you do as Steve? He studied it for about 15 minutes, sketched it, then approached the craft.
Hearing voices, he tried to communicate in seven languages, but received only silence. He touched the ship, finding it hot. As it started to lift off, he was burned by the energy which empowered it.

The strange burns and other ill effects required his confinement in bed for a week, during which time he had still-undiagnosable symptoms of his encounter. On September 15th he had a one-day recurrence and hospitalization.

Put on November 1st he said, "Right now I feel quite good, physically and mentally." In his MAIN interview in his own home, Steve relates the initial experience and its following developments, giving his present attitude and thoughts about visitors from other planets.

Mark-Age Inform-Nations is inaugurating its radio and newspaper syndication departments with this exclusive interview on tape with Steve Michalak of Winnipeg, Canada. The half-hour radio presentation will be premiered on Frank Poynter's "Open Mike" show over WQAM, Miami Beach, Florida on November 15th, between 11 PM and 2 AM.

This program has been selected because of the reception its moderator and its audience have given to Mark and Yolanda, the co-directors of Mark-Age MetaCenter, Inc., parent organization of MAIN, during their six guest appearances on "Open Mike" since August 1, 1967.
"THE END"

ATTENTION:...RADIO...PROGRAM...DIRECTORS...&...EDITORS...

This dramatic tape recorded interview, with narration by Mark of Mark-Age, then will be made available as a syndicated, special feature program throughout the world. Newspaper syndication of the interview, which is transcribed, is now offered through MAIN, Mark-Age Inform-Nations, 327 N.E. 20 Terrace, Miami, Florida 33137. Thank you.