The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an account of a UFO sighting. The text describes the object first appearing as one white light and two red ones. It mentions that the object's lights were much brighter than the stars, and that the edges of the object were like a star at first, then became more blurred. The object was moving and the observers noted its brightness fluctuating. At one point, the object dropped toward the end of the sighting, but came back into view almost immediately. The text states that the object could not be distinguished in the distance and that it had a large diameter. It also mentions the estimated speed of the object and its movement away from the observers.

The object first appeared as one white light and two red ones. Ten minutes later, they viewed it with a 25 or 30 power hand telescope. The lights were much brighter than the stars, about like looking into a car headlight from a distance of 200 yards. The edges of the object were like a star at first, then became more blurred, but were still recognizable as solid edges. Most of the time while the object was in view, it was moving, at varying degrees of speed. At first it had one brilliant white light and two dimmer red ones. Then, as it came closer, there appeared to be a larger number of lights. For a brief period, the red lights disappeared and only the white one stayed, continuing to get brighter and brighter. After the light dimmed down, the object seemed to hover. The only time they lost the object was at the end of the sighting when it slowly descended behind some houses. At one time, the object dropped toward the end of the sighting, but came into view again almost immediately. At no time did it go in front of anything. The object would have had to have been quite large in diameter to be distinguishable at the distance it was from them. The color of the object was mostly whitish except for one time when the object had two adjacent red lights in view. When the object was first sighted, its speed was estimated to be well over 100 mph and it went up and away from them. When it stopped moving away and started going down slowly, it was about two and one-half to three miles from them. We first sighted the object while we were traveling. Vision was not distorted though, because the weather was clear. We stopped the car and got out at our house and continued to watch the object.