The image does not contain any photographs or images, it appears to be a scanned document with text only. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

Occurng in a residential area - cloud cover noted - estimated at approximately 15% visibility.  
Compass Direction: the UFO appeared to the north and east.
North-South line. Our attitude was south of the craft, this seemed herein referred to would not analyze or give any great variation, observers say it did not change in relation & observe on a direct visual basis.
See Ex. 1: AD appeared to be perpopular to 260-270. 
Compass Bearing: This appeared at 260 30 according to the writer's observation point.
Street address 49 feet W of building $4,500 was appeared to be para-llel to the ground - motion dent know Staircase.
The fact that these conditions been gven in the marking of trees or something between diff¬erent regarding overall dimensions of UFO, see Ex. 1: Dimension AR at about 60 ft along an axis 15 degrees from this estimate, and approximately 5% 7" height perpendicular of as and GO - then writer seems to think the facts known about factor; during the observation period was 7 minutes. 
Elapsed time (as appeared to be in sight approximately the 7-8 min.) (writer became confused on data and could not determine as between 7 or so 2 miles - no relationship known object factor: during the observation period was 7 minutes.
Elapsed time (as appeared to be in sight approximately the 7-8 min. (writer became confused on data and could not determine as between 7 or so 2 miles - no relationship known object. The landing approach, pattern. Silhouettes presented to viewer pre-sented no clear details to ground station and aid to aircraft control in what is an silhouette -.7-8 minutes was on estimated altitude of 25,000 to 30,000 feet motion was described as smooth and steady no apparent acceleration or deceleration noted. Another qualification previously noted; another observation (anecdotal) figure of the UFO, which of course would tend to support the above claims, cannot be qualified. 1) A fairly lengthy period of the observation was of the white, circular, disc-like unit, 2) of the UFO, in its maneuver it appeared and disappeared silently, however, this aspect was not in any way associated with or caused of the loud, overly size of the UFO and the probable observation. The writer thinks a non-plane fixture would fly to the eye and however, partly speculative. 3) Far selective vision of the short term nature observation or no other details came to the writer's observation.