The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a Project Blue Book report analyzing an "Unidentified Flying Object" sighting in Appleton, Wisconsin on July 7, 1967.

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 63-29
DATE OF REPORT 16 May 1968
SUBJECT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION Appleton, Wisconsin
DATE 7 July 1967
PHOTOGRAPHY: One Argoflex 75 negative and print, two FTD enlargements
PURPOSE: This report is in reply to Work Order Number 68-45, submitted by Major Quintanilla, requesting analysis of an "unidentified object" image.
ANALYSIS: Examination reveals that the "unidentified object" is partially visible along the left margin of the negative. The object is mostly visible in the first enlargement, but is less visible in the second enlargement due to the fact that about 1/5 inch has been cropped from the negative during the enlargement process. It therefore could be assumed that about 80 percent of the imagery remains. Also imaged is a narrow band which extends from the center of the bottom edge of the negative almost to the right edge. This band appears to be a natural effect and not an anomaly.
The object's image is elliptical in shape, its length being about twice its width. It displays medium reflectivity and is fuzzy around the perimeter. A narrow band displaying slightly greater reflectivity is noticeable along its minor axis. No reason or purpose is known.
The exposure was made with a fixed focus camera having a nominal .26 foot focal length about 200 feet above his neighbor's house at the time he made the exposure. The clarity of detail and relationship of the antenna installation on his neighbor's house indicates that the object was not more than 220 feet from the object as it hovered 200 feet above the house.
If it indeed, had the 100-200 foot diameter (as stated by source) it would have had to be 800-1,600 feet from the camera to produce the image size shown, and therefore would be in relative sharp focus. Contrarily, if it were hovering 220 feet from the camera, its diameter would have to be approximately 35 feet to produce the image size shown, and it would also be in sharp focus.
The object imaged on the photograph, not being in sharp focus, could not have been hovering, and does not appear to have dimensions as great as those estimated by source.