The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

REPORT TO THE UNITED STATES
AIR FORCE
ON THE NIGHT OF SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 1967, 8:30 P.M.
KIUKYU, MASS.

ON the night of Saturday, March 4, 1967, about 8:30 p.m., as we were driving along the road through Kiukyu, Mass., we saw what appeared to be a large bright light or object hovering above the top of the trees in the distance. As we came closer to the spot, the object seemed to move slowly to the right, and then suddenly disappeared. A young couple in the car with us said, "Did you see that?" and we all exclaimed that we had.

A glance of the object appeared to be about the size of a basketball. The color was a brilliant white, and it seemed to be illuminating the entire area around it. It was about 200 to 300 feet above the ground. The object then re-appeared, hovering for a minute or two, and then suddenly disappeared again, just as it had before.

As we drove on, a similar object appeared ahead of us, this time much closer, about 100 feet off the ground. As we approached it, the object moved away from us and then suddenly disappeared. The windows of the car were all open, and we all had a clear view of the object as it moved away. The object seemed to be circular in shape, and was absolutely silent.

A few minutes later, as we passed the spot where the object had last been seen, we could see it very clearly, as it was now hovering just above the treetops. But now, as we watched, the object suddenly began to move, first slowly, and then with incredible speed, disappearing from view in a matter of seconds. 

Two or three minutes later we got another glimpse of the object over the valley. It was now some distance away, and seemed to be moving slowly. Suddenly, it shot upward at a tremendous speed, and was out of sight in a matter of seconds.

This was the first clear view we got. As we watched, the object seemed to be a row of lights, perhaps five or six in number, in a circular formation. It was about the size of a basketball, and was hovering about 200 to 300 feet above the ground. In front of us and perhaps a mile to the right (south) on the highway, we noticed what appeared to be the same type of object, only much smaller. This was probably about 50 feet off the ground.

As we watched, the smaller object suddenly became very frightened, and continued to move more and more rapidly, until it disappeared from view. The larger object we had been watching also seemed to become very frightened, and continued to be more and more agitated, until it too disappeared from view.

For the rest of us, as he had an unobstructed view. My husband, driving and watching at the same time, said that the object looked something like a hat, round and saw more like a hat, round and slightly flattened on top.

As we drove on, we continued to watch for any sightings of the object, but there were no trees in the area to obscure our view. We did not see the object again. The night was very clear, and more agitated, and as we came nearer Kiukyu, we said that perhaps it was a UFO, in order to calm her. However, since we had seen it from time to time, this could not have been the case.

As we passed the road to Kiukyu, we could see the object very clearly, as we had before. But now we could not make out its shape. The one on the right was larger, and apparently was the one we had been watching. The one on the left seemed to be smaller.

We observed that wherever there were no trees between us for a few miles. Just as we approached the road, we saw the object very clearly. But now as we came closer, it shot upward at a tremendous speed, and was out of sight in a matter of seconds. 

We did not feel that we were being observed but rather that we had come upon them by chance. Gregory said we were somewhat frightened, but both became almost hysterical and he decided we had better drive on.

It is impossible to say whether we were observing a round object from the side or whether we were simply seeing lights. When it was in front of us, to the side, and behind us, we all had the impression of looking at the side of a solid object (that is, its core and parts). Gregory said he saw them as discs and could barely see an outline above the cars and as they zoomed away.

The lights did not fluctuate there was no light observable above or below the objects. None of the lights changed color while we observed them, nor was there any impression of anything expanding or diminishing.