The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated UFO sightings.

The text on the page appears to be a detailed report or analysis of some kind of observed aerial phenomena. It discusses the movements and behavior of an unidentified object, including descriptions of jumps, motions, and the use of binoculars to observe it. The report also discusses the conclusions drawn from the observations, stating that the objects are not identifiable and cannot be conclusively determined to be conventional or unconventional.

Here is the full text transcribed from the image:

for the idea that the light simply turned on suddenly. In any case, that Heersprink had been watching an object to his left and then suddenly an object straight ahead would be enough to explain the impression. notion from left to right. This is a well-known phenomenon of sorts.  
The jumps from left to right and up-and-down all subtended an angle of more or less. Involuntary motions of the eye could account for these jumps.
It is significant that Gryzen did not see the westerly object move; he was confused and had lost the window as a stabilizing reference. This was sure that when he was viewing an object with well-focused binoculars, jumps occasionally out of the field of view - but that is exactly how an object would move with the binoculars resting on the curved surface of a patrol car.
Lacking observing experience with magnifying optics, a witness could to realize that what looks like a large motion could be caused by the binoculars too small to feel.
In short, there is much about the observed motions that can be accounted for by well-known properties of perception.
Conclusions
The appearance of those objects which are not identifiable to which is similar to that expected from aircraft landing lights. However, specific details could be identified, this conclusion does not prove that the cause was in fact airplane landing lights. The existence of the sightings, however, makes it impossible to conclude that a definitely unconventional object was present. The objects remain unidentified, meaning neither to be unconventional or known to be conventional.