There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribing the text:

20. Do you think you can estimate the sound of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes 800
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outside (Specify type)
d. Open countryside
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying in an aircraft? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object in any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Microscope Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolites Yes No
h. Other

26. In order to give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or article which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

The object I saw was round and luminous, appeared to be hovering, and would stop and start without any visible means of propulsion. It shone very brightly and gave off no sound. The object appeared to fly erratic flight patterns and then suddenly disappear from view. I would describe the object I saw like a large lighted balloon floating in the sky that could accelerate and disappear without any identifiable power source.