The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the American Society of Newspaper Editors addressed to Major General Eugene B. LeBailly, the Director of the Office of Information of the Department of the Air Force. The letter discusses plans for the organization's annual meeting and a desire to have a "non-kooky, balanced panel representing both total-and not-so-skeptics" to discuss the Blue Book project and the possibility of Major Quintinella taking part in the discussion. The letter also mentions that the ASNE is composed of about 700 newspaper editors from across the country.

AMERICAN SOCIETY OF NEWSPAPER EDITORS

OFFICE OF THE PROGRAM CHAIRMAN 
NEWGOLD NOYES, JR.  
WASHINGTON STAR
WASHINGTON, D. C. 20003

March 6, 1967

Major General Eugene B. LeBailly
Director of the Office of Information
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C. 20330

Dear General LeBailly:

As program chairman for this year's meeting of the American Society of Newspaper Editors, which takes place here at the Shoreham Hotel on April 20-22, I've been discussing the problem with Dr. Condon, Dr. Hynek, Dr. Menzel and the like, and trying to keep Major Quintinella's gang at arm's length. In wondering whether the Blue Book officers, preferably Major Quintinella, take part in a session.

What I hope to come up with is a non-kooky, balanced panel representing both total-and not-so-skeptics, and to have Dr. Condon or the presentors make a moderately brief statement about the state of the art. He has indicated an interest in taking part if I can work out such a presentation.

If you think this is a possibility, I can of course approach Major Quintinella directly, but thought I'd better ask your counsel first.

As you probably know, the ASNE is composed of about 700 newspaper editors from all over the country, about 500 of whom (including all the important ones) will be at this meeting. It provides one of the major forums for serious public discussion by interesting people in and out of government, and the proceedings are of course very widely reported.

Sincerely,

Newgold Noyes, Jr.
Program Chairman