The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (X) No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (X) 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

Circling 3 to 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At a
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over some other country?
f. In a flying saucer?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you going?
(Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?
25 - 45 miles per hour, trying to catch up

24.3 Did you observe the object any time other than when you were looking at it for the first time?
(Circle One) Yes (X) No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes (X) No
b. Sun glasses Yes (X) No
c. Windshield Yes (X) No
d. Window glass Yes (X) No
e. Telescope Yes (X) No
f. Theodolite Yes (X) No
g. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible, where you able to draw a sketch or describe the general appearance of the object which you saw?
Essentially, as described, it seemed to be a fairly brilliant or illuminated object - circular in shape - that seemed to be moving erratically or irregularly in its travel path and was observed on more than one occasion, though possibly not continuously - and from the reported speed and maneuverability, does not seem to have been a conventional aircraft or other known object. The possibility of its being some type of aircraft or satellite cannot be completely ruled out, however, given the limited information available.