This document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, containing a questionnaire or survey form filled out by an observer.

The text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? About A8 miles per hour or faster

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Mobile [illegible]
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 55-60 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No 
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

This document appears to be a detailed questionnaire or report form used to collect information from an observer who claimed to have seen a UFO. The form covers various details about the sighting, such as the location, direction, speed, and other observational details.