The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a typed letter.

ANCHORAGE, KENTUCKY 40223
April 18, 1967

Dear Major Quintanilla, Jr.:

Thank you for your letter of April 14 on my reported UFO observation, as well as the official Air Force Information Form.

Since the date that I called your Headquarters in Dayton, I have seen and experienced enough phenomena to fill in sometimes rather incredible details, and I am sure I should be a most difficult subject in which to work - even in the evening, I have been free to observe and travel away from the localilies/Anchorage area every evening during the test the things that have been happening.

It really appears an activity much called "Fly Force Force" for I feel that some Air activity (by either the Air Force or local) has been intensified here and will eventually spell and/or fright away whatever these unidentifiable sounds and phenomena that have been happening.

Unfortunately, I am unable to send you any experiences to report them, since the Director of the University Memorial has decisively told me that the Director of the University Memorial has expressly forbid the sending of any photographs, similar observations, or indications that the same phenomena as I see is open-minded enough to agree to the mutual observation which I have never been able to achieve.

I hope you will feel that I am disloyal to the U.S. Air Force, but frankly, my amateur scientific curiosity has been stimulated by what have appeared and I have not been impressed by the standard of official public opinion of the natural occurrence of one thing I am sure whatever, I however, from whatever reason comes, they are not Russians or hostile earthlings - for to be brutally frankam sure also of 50 years old and have never seen, during most of my years of Sepember existence, the things about typical human beings.

The only observation I could wish to reveal to you at this time is that what I have observed and experienced are not "Flying Saucers" capable of carrying humanoids - even midgets would have to be verytiny to be contained in a form that the size of a coach ball (a large range).  The few "Fly-by" boys away from here for the time being, so that if can be pursued in quiet and without harassment, I have been so close to some form of UFO that I am sure if they intended harm they could have at least weeks ago. Thank you for your cooperation and which I have careful notes.

Sincerely,
[Signature]