The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting UFO-related information.

7/26-27/67 - NEWTON, N.H. -
At this time of night, Acoustics are such that traffic can sometimes be heard up to 5 miles away. The object never passed in-front-of or behind-of anything while in the area.
The speed of the object was constant and although no estimate was made, it was computed to be only several hundred miles per hour. It was compared to the speed of a jet fighter, which was estimated as 600-800 mph in that area.
The object moved back- and-forth in Westerly and Easterly flight paths. The object's movements appeared to have been a search pattern. No specific direction was indicated that they were looking at NNE and ENE flight terminus points, or as are of complete pattern that would have been oriented to MLS and other range marker.
The time lasted between estimates of 5-10 minutes. Such maneuvers would be those of a jet fighter in course corrections and variations between estimates of 5-10 miles such maneuvers in the order of 2 to 3 minutes. Ten such maneuvers in 30 minutes would mean an angular velocity for the object of approximately 10+ degrees per minute.

ASTRONOMICAL DATA
Time of sighting: 10:55 PM EDT on 7/26/67 
Rose: 10:55 PM EDT
Phase: 19 days old waning 
Last quarter: 7/24/67
Position: In the Constellation Pisces about 40° East

URSA MAJOR - Position of "Big Dipper" at 11:00 AM EDT corresponds to sketch by Francis Prappier describing the motion of the "Big Dipper" over months and years. No astronomical object as described by "Big Dipper" motion was observed.

SATELLITE DATA - A check with the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory Public Information Office on 8/2/67 revealed that there were no ISOS 12 or Pegasus satellite passes during the 7/26/67 observation period.

ADVERTISING PLANE - A check with manager of "Sky-Lyte" Advertising revealed that there were no aircraft with sky-borne advertising on this date and would never be flying at this time on any date normally.

POLICE STATIONS - A check with the Hampden and Kingston, R.I. Police stations did not produce any other reports at this time and time and date.