The image contains several photographs that appear to be part of an investigation report. The report describes the investigation of a sighting location on the shore of Lake Saint Clair, just south of the Clinton River, where an object was reported as being "directly overhead."

Photograph #1 was taken with an identical camera (Polaroid Swinger) standing in the same location. The report states that the photograph shows the edge of the ice cut on the lake, and that the horizon and the object in the picture are not visible.

Photograph #2 was taken in the same spot with the lens at maximum opening.

Photograph #3 was taken with the lens at minimum opening.

Photograph #4 was taken to show the relationship of the pipe and tree to the observers. A diagram and measurements are shown on attachment #1.

The report also states that the family was reluctant to provide the original prints of their photographs, as they believed that "about 10 minutes after the pictures were taken, the numbering on the back of the prints indicated that at least one picture of the object was taken after a picture of the observers."

INVESTIGATION OF LOCATION OF SIGHTING

The area is on the shore of Lake Saint Clair just south of the mouth of the Clinton River. The pictures were taken through the 3/4 inch iron pipe structure shown in picture #3. The object was reported as being "directly overhead".

Picture #1 was taken with an identical camera (Polaroid Swinger) standing in the same spot. The photograph shows the edge of the ice cut on the lake. The horizon and the object in the picture are not visible.

Picture #2 was taken in the same spot with the lens at maximum opening.

Picture #3 was taken with the lens at minimum opening.

Picture #4 was taken to show the relationship of the pipe and tree to the observers. A diagram and measurements are shown on attachment #1.

BACKGROUND MATERIAL

The family was very reluctant to talk or give up the original prints of their pictures. They insisted that "about 10 minutes after the pictures were taken, the numbering on the back of the prints indicated that at least one picture of the object was taken after a picture of the observers."

Picture #1 was claimed lost, but they stated that it also showed the object. (It is the same as shown by this investigation.) Permission to examine the originals cannot be obtained. However, the originals were examined and it was stated that they showed no evidence of tampering or alteration.

R.W. Rogers, Major, USAF
Chief, Case CO: 3, DID