The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, likely from August 1967, and consists solely of text.

Ocr output:

October 1967 PAGE 1

Major Hector Quintanilla
Director of Project Blue Book
Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

I know that you are a busy man and must get a great deal of mail about UFO sightings, but I am writing this letter to tell you about something that have seen that I have never seen before. Let me tell you what happened.

Last Sunday, August 27, I was up at the school and was looking up at the skies to see if I could see any weather balloons or aircraft that were in the area. The skies were clear and I could not see any type of object flying around. All of a sudden I saw six lights on the bottom of something that seem to be hovering over the school. At first I thought it might be a helicopter, but as I watched it I could see that it was not a helicopter. I have never seen anything like this before. The six lights were all in a row and seemed to be pulsating, and I could see no wings or tail, and there was no sound coming from the object.

As I watched, the object seemed to start moving slowly away from the school and then it suddenly shot off at a terrific speed and disappeared. I was really surprised and I am sure that no one else around here saw it, and if they did I am sure they would have reported it. I have never seen anything like this before and I am quite confident that it was not an aircraft that I have ever seen before. It seemed to be completely silent and the lights were very bright.

I am telling you this because I think that you and your staff should know about this incident. I have not discussed this with anyone else and I would appreciate it if you could keep this confidential. I would be glad to answer any questions that you might have about this incident.

The following diagrams that are enclosed in this letter are of the object that I saw. I have some snapshots of the object but they have to be enlarged to show the detail. If I can see them clearly, I will send you copies. I would appreciate it if you would return the diagrams to me after you have examined them. If you have any questions, please let me know.

Sincerely yours,
Major Hector Quintanilla