This page does not contain any photographs or images, only handwritten text. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document and produce the output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 March 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: 

At approximately 5:45 P.M. on March 20, 1967, my family and myself were traveling north on County Trunk Highway BB, approximately 1 mile north of Stoughton, Wisconsin. This sighting is an exact recapitulation of my report, but as usual there are a few small points that I did not include in the original report. I did see a large, circular, luminous object in the sky that night. I was driving north on County Trunk Highway BB when I noticed a large, circular, luminous object in the sky to the north of me. It was very bright, and it seemed to be hovering stationary in the sky. I stopped the car to get a better look at the object, and while I was stopped, the object began moving slowly to the east. It moved in a straight line and seemed to climb higher into the sky as it moved. After a few minutes, the object disappeared from sight. I saw no lights on the object, and there was no sound coming from it. I have no idea what the object was, but I am convinced that it was not any type of conventional aircraft. The object seemed quite large, perhaps the size of a small automobile, and it was very bright and luminous. I am at a loss to explain what I saw that night, but I am certain that it was not an airplane, helicopter, or any other type of conventional aircraft. I have thought about this sighting many times since it occurred, and I am still puzzled by what I saw. I did not report the sighting to any authorities at the time, as I was not sure what to make of it. I have spoken to several of my neighbors about the sighting, and they have all said that they did not see anything unusual in the sky that night. I am still very curious about what I saw, and I would be interested to know if anyone else in the area reported seeing a similar object that evening. I have no other sightings to report, and this is the only unusual aerial phenomenon I have ever witnessed.