There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. The image shows a typed document page from the Project Blue Book files, containing a detailed narrative account of an investigation into a reported UFO sighting. The text describes the investigator's approach to the case, his interview with a witness, and his analysis of the information gathered. The document does not contain any visual elements other than the typed text.

T.C. Col. Huclos Quintanilla  
Page 7  

Independent of official Project Blue Book business. This was very involved and I feel must be classified as psychotic hoax unless other data turns up to change this, which is unlikely. 

In synopsis forms because of my interest in any psychopathological manifestations of Williston, Texas, and had a long taped interview with him. He sounded simple and straightforward, in fact so simple that I feel a complete psychotic hoax would be beyond his capabilities. The reports seemed to have been concocted by Dr. Sheldon who was also seen up and noticing on the picture to suggest that this was not an analysis and he was did not continue to find in any conclusive fine in the analysis was not analytical and was in the impression that it was another object to judge distances, etc., and the subject photographed could not have been a small object at a very close range.

I had also taken the precaution of calling the sheriff Wellington and getting a rundown on Williston. The sheriff volunteered the information that Williston farms close to town, which incidentally was corroborated by his appearance - the knowledge of photography whatever.  This information further - the small long story short - the man was not too bright, and from his standpoint alone a photograph those seemed unlikely. He volunteered, however, that if a he were involved, Mrs. (redacted) would be the more likely engineer of such a hoax.  

Shortly thereafter two reporters from Amarillo called. Apparently they had heard about this and told them I could give them no story for them until I had confirmation. Of course the picture was never shot. I told the reporters how I felt, but that they might have a good story. This and following my suggestion, had a lie detector test administered and he was generally dismissed as you will know in the papers, as is well known. I then had a phone call which came from his ranch some distance from Williston and Wellington, to get his reaction and to again sound him out, but nothing new was forthcoming. The information given under hypnosis was the same as previously given consecutively by Mr. (redacted). This unsatisfied phone call surprised me but I considered it just another one of the unusual things in this additional case.