The image contains a report document from Project Blue Book regarding a UFO sighting in Cincinnati, Ohio on September 6, 1967. The document describes the incident where Mr. [redacted] and his neighbors observed an unidentified flying object for about 20 minutes. The object was examined through binoculars and a telescope, and it was described as similar to the bottom of a space ship, with cracks on the surface. The document mentions that Mr. [redacted] feels the people in the country are not "crazy" and that the Air Force has been a "little pooh pooh about the sightings". It also states that Major Quintanilla said he would send Mr. [redacted] four copies of the FTD Form 164 so that he and his neighbors could complete them and return them in the self-addressed envelope.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
Subject: UFO Sighting, 6 September 1967, Cincinnati, Ohio

Mr. [redacted], Cincinnati 15, Ohio and his neighbors observed an unidentified flying object at 950 pm. Mr. [redacted] said he was intrigued at what he saw. The duration of the sighting was at least twenty minutes long. His next door neighbor observed the object while walking his dog. He and his son put binoculars and telescope on the object. The object looked like somebody reached down and put the object out. The object never changed position, it was in the west, 270 deg az and 75 deg elev. The object was perfectly stationary. The pulsating was similar to that of a lightning bug but not quite the same. Mr. [redacted] gave his boy and the neighbors boy a pencil and they all drew the same thing. It looked like the bottom of our space ships, with cracks in the surface, similar to that of a volcano. Mr. [redacted] said he didn't know if anybody was aboard but he sure would like to know what the object is. Mr. [redacted] feels that the people in this country are not crazy and that the Air Force has been a little pooh pooh about the sightings. Mr. [redacted] said that the University of Colorado is doing their own independent evaluations and investigations into UFOs. Major Quintanilla said he would send him four copies of FTD Form 164 so that he and his neighbors could complete them and return them in the self-addressed envelope.