There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed memorandum from the Federal Aviation Agency in Red Bluff, California, dated June 8, 1967, regarding a UFO observation on April 19, 1967. The text of the memorandum is as follows:

UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
Memorandum

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 19 April 1967
Reference your letter of 23 May 67  

FROM: Michael T. Wise 
57/54ddr, Red Bluff

TO: Colonel James C. Manatt, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems
TDAI/UFO 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, 45433

Through: Chief, Airways Facilities Branch(SFO-404)

On 19 April 67 at 1210GMT, I received a call from the Flight Service Specialist on duty at the Red Bluff Airport, requesting information on an object in the sky over the airport. He advised and I confirmed that the Sheriff had called with a report of an object and he was concerned as to its being a possible hazard to air navigation.

I confirmed an object being at 32 degrees Mag and 48 Nautical Miles. The Radar contact was 3200 feet MIT Vidoe. This would indicate the object had some movement to it.

I then called the Air Force Flight Section and requested the altitude of the object, if they had it on their Height Finding Radar. The operator advised that the object was moving vertically above and below that altitude by 200 ft.

I relayed the information to the Flight Services Specialist at the Airport and advised him of the Oakland ARTCC.

The Flight Service Specialist advised that the Sheriff estimated the altitude of the object to be 5000 ft above him and that his location was near 5000 ft.

At the time of the sighting the Radar showed that the worst part of the storm was passing, but the sighting area was of little or no weather. The target area at the time of the sighting was on the radar would indicate the object to be smaller than most air-liners, but this could be deceiving due to the characteristics of the UFO system. The target quality was such that it lasted for 3/4 of an hour.

I hope this information is what you desire and can be of some use to you.

Michael T. Wise
57/54ddr
Red Bluff, California