The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

the house, and then afterward two brilliant flashing white lights departing up and to the east. Immediately following this experience the witness apparently began to jelly out communications from "them", it was at this time the witness says she still did not take the board seriously, but clearly the needs had been planted.

Feb. 1. The witness began watching the sky every night, and started looking objections up and down, and scanning it again and again. It came out that none of the people involved could discern how a star or plane could seem to travel along with a car; they expected, apparently, to be able to divine past the object if it were a star. The lights which were seen in the sky, it was established during the interview, were like the lights the interviewer saw while there, which were definitely alerted and brilliant. There can be no doubt of this, because the witnesses pointed out the objects to the investigators, who examined them and with binoculars immediately recognized them.

The object which crossed over in front of the car and then went back was, emphasized that they were noting up to Chicago, not realizing that the Calumet Expressway turns, at one point, from due north to due east and then after a mile or two back to due north. The turns in this highway completely account for the "erratic" of Venus, and the time of day and direction of the object are correct for Venus.

Feb. 15. Venus again: the unusual aspect was its following the car, which the witnesses did not understand.

Feb. 17. Venus, airplanes, or stars: the description is the same as before.

Feb. 20. The lights which were seen contained the description as before, coming from the direction of O'Hare International Airport, 45 miles away, and Glenview Naval Air Station, a definite V-shape was seen, with lights in the usual positions for running lights on an airplane. The witnesses were not aware that airplanes can turn on their landing lights in the air, nor of the appearance of such landing lights.

Feb. 22. The blue streak of light, from all descriptions, was a meteor.

One of the group, Mr. M. recalled having seen similar objects in the past, but wasn't sure what a meteor looked like. 

Feb. 24. The escort to the Loop, despite the witnesses' comments, were apparently stars or planets.