The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

We were invited to investigate a sighting of a UFO which occurred in Duluth, Minnesota, on the evening of December 6, 1967. The observers were Mr. and Mrs. R--, who reside at 2605 East Second Street, Duluth, Minnesota.

According to their report, at approximately 7:00 PM, CST, they observed a very bright light, estimated to be about 30 to 40 feet in diameter, hovering over a hill or ridge about a mile distant from their home. The light was described as being bright white in color, and was pulsating or flashing on and off at irregular intervals. At times it appeared to be sending out beams of light in various directions.

The object remained in the same general area for about 20-30 minutes, during which time the observers watched it intently. Occasionally it appeared to move slightly, but always returned to the same position. Finally, the light suddenly shot straight up into the sky at a very high rate of speed and disappeared from sight.

The observers stated they were quite certain the object they saw was not an aircraft, helicopter, or any other known type of aerial vehicle. They believed it to be some type of unconventional aerial phenomenon. The weather at the time was clear, with only a few high clouds present. There were no other reported sightings of the object from other sources.

We conducted a thorough investigation of this incident, including interviews with the observers and a field investigation of the area. Based on the information gathered, we have concluded that the object observed was most likely an unidentified aerial phenomenon of an unknown nature. We were unable to determine the exact nature or origin of the object, and our investigation has left us with more questions than answers. Further study and analysis would be required to gain a better understanding of this incident.