The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

3. The discussion was then centered around the fact that it was a white male of 23-25 years of age who served aboard an aircraft carrier. He is "an ex-Navy man" who served aboard an aircraft carrier. He called in a UFO report to 28 October 1967 at Griffiss.

7. Orr claimed his first sighting was 23 October 1937 when he saw a large object descend near the Ithaca airport. Since then he claims to have seen 100 or more of these.

8. I asked Mr. Orr the date he made his report to the Air Force. He stated it was 26 October 1967 near 1830 hours. The report compiled by 35DCO is dated 28 October 1967 at 0555Z, and the Air Force made a mistake and produced a telephone bill which indicated a call to Hancock Field on that date, however no answer time was listed.

9. Orr said he has seen 100 or more objects in the past three weeks. He called the New York State Police and said that the trooper also saw the UFO. The trooper, Lt John Carroll, stated that he saw a Mohawk turbo-prop aircraft.

10. Several persons in the group told of seeing lights in the sky, but all of their descriptions sounded similar to aircraft in the area.

11. I told Orr and his group that there are three high altitude aircraft routes which cross within a few miles of Newfield. I displayed a copy of an En route High Altitude chart, but he stated that he knew what he was talking about.

12. The discussion drifted back to "red lights", and I said that the F-111 and VF-12 are being flown around the country. (TIME and Aviation Week and Space Technology) and these aircraft have a reddish-box designed aircraft which he has probably not seen. I added that it might possibly have been one of these.

13. A Mr. Griffin from the Syracuse Post-Standard asked me if our radars would have seen an object as large as these and would we send aircraft up to identify them if they could not be identified? I replied that this was true, and no unusual incidents have occurred.