This page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book does not contain any photographs. However, I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: August 21, 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
Gentlemen: It is a real mystery to me why you state in your Aug. 21 letter that my sighting of Aug. 16th "falls within category C (insufficient information)". I should like to point out that this 16th report which Lt. Foreman took and, supposedly, submitted to you, contained far more definitive information (in view of the drawings I made for him) than could possibly be collected via your questionnaire.
Sincerely, I hope that, for the sake of the integrity of our fine nation's investigators and international affairs, you people in such an important position of public information and toward public opinion do not use the report(on Aug. 16) against me as a "final analysis" weighting toward conventional explanations of the case with a priori "weighting" toward conventional explanations does not seem to be in the best interests of the public. However, it should be clear to you that the reports of this nature (Aug. 16) require that a layman's reports should be given preference to data submitted here, for it was clearly fresh on my mind and therefore may prove to be more valuable in the final analysis,
NARRATIVE OF SIGHTING (Highly abbreviated): At approx 03:31 I stopped on Rte. 35 side (end) of Mansfield Dam to allow my Saint Bernard to evacuate his bowels. 03:12: my car illumination suddenly dimmed, solid-looking disc-white object very low above NE-SE, motionless, hovering. Approx. one minute. THEN same object veered off horizontally, gaining altitude, southward with a clear, steady light of medium intensity. As soon as I could see pretty well, my occupants arrived on scene. Seeing my big Saint Bernard, they proceeded to pet, then north of my position, I wondered why they would be so SUCH A DISTURBANCE, for with lights extinguished, then, when the strange object appeared on the horizon or to the other side of the hill, stopped the car again-out of my sight.