The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or newspaper article discussing UFO reports.

Text extracted from the image:

More UFO Reports...
(Continued from Page One) niné friend who is a confirmed re- those reports coming in
body was seeing might have portër, Dispatch Worker Viewer
been merely' the planet "Venus. As said if any more proof is needed, one of "our boys" Joe
"Venus is the brightest thing in said the witnesses of an' U.T. (Un- identified Flying Object) sighting
the nighttime sky," said William identified Flying Object) sighting Tuesday night downtown.
T. Powers, assistant to Dr. J. the saucer, And if you A solution to the western Illi-
Allen Hynek, project scientist for don't believe we are going to the nois mystery flying saucer sightings
the Air Force's Project Blue Bo6k. moon to see Venus, you better check seems to be that Monmouth super- 
"It's only logical that if the your mentality. So'join the stiff-neck crowd, intendent Robert Ellis and his staff
object was seen in the forest, it get those binoculars out and look found a lot air balloon made of
can't be the forest for the at the sky. cellophane illuminated to a greenish
trees." * * *hue like a candle. It had attached
In southwest Kansas, three stu- Illinois Daily News said recent magazines on news-

the object. The photographic evi-
dence at the U.S. Weather Bureau
supported their contention. They
say the object appeared at dusk, 
grew larger, then suddenly van-
ished, and you know what that 
means. We are not in the mood
to put out information people
have been calling us about and
that the tower controller has 
reported seeing many sightings 
all over the country.
However the luckless person-
nel say something but nothing
 came 'out of it. This report
rather created.
It is also the seen learned that
object had several persons who have not
been off the ranch all winter,
"were sighted" last night. 
It is alleged that they were
studiously just "glancing" at the
sky, but of course they were
rather luckless tonight.
This report came from a ca-

stands explaining how such "spa eedraft ships" built by college students else-
where.
It is noted that there are more 
than 1,500 students at Monmouth 
College and in a similar number 
some some 800 at Knoxville College in Galesburg.