The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

NOT FOR PUBLICATION

SUBJECT: Report on Unidentified Flying Objects (U.F.O.'S)

14. Telephonically contacted Sgt. J.P. BISBINC at the Ithaca Station and requested to see a Trooper that was detailed to the Flying Saucer over her residence. Sergeant R.S. CIARPCK was assigned.

15. On 11/8/67, Sgt. CIARPCK, personally interviewed Mrs. O.A. BOWEN, age 35, and her daughter, age 12, at their residence on Route 13, Newfield, N.Y. Mrs. BOWEN stated that at approximately 10:10 P.M. on 11/7/67, while looking out of their living room window, they observed a circular object, 30-40 feet in diameter, with a white light on top and a red light on the bottom, hovering over their house at approximately 1,000 feet. They described the object as having several red lights and two white lights, which appeared to be search lights. They could not obtain any further information concerning size, shape or speed. From the description given, Sgt. CIARPCK believed the observed object was at a high altitude. The incident was closed by blotter entry.

16. On 11/10/67 an article appeared in the Ithaca Journal Newspaper concerning the sightings and the meeting at Newfield. The article is being submitted with this memorandum.

17. On 11/10/67 an article also appeared in the Syracuse Post Standard newspaper and is being submitted with this memorandum.

18. At 4:55 P.M. on 11/11/67 a telephone call was received at the Ithaca State Police Station from a Mrs. ANTANAS of 408 Aurora Street, Ithaca, N.Y. telephonically contacted Trooper R.E. BENTER at the Ithaca Station and requested to see a Trooper as she had observed a U.F.O. flying over hi s residence at 5:30 or 5:45 P.M. of this date. Inasmuch as subject resided in the city, Mr. Antanas agreed to report same to the Ithaca City Police Department.

19. On 11/15/67, A.F.R. Inc. telephonically contacted Deputy Edgar at the Ithaca State Police Station and advised they were continuing their investigation on the Newfield sightings. They inquired relative to assistance from the State Police in the form of a helicopter that they could utilize in their final rechecks of the area as they had been informed that the Aeronautics Division did not have a helicopter available to aid in his investigation. He advised that he would keep this office informed of any success in his investigation.