There does not appear to be any photograph or image in this document. The document appears to be a typed text containing a written report or investigation details.

UFO RPT-3/08/67-LEOMINSTER, MASS

8) To reach a telephone, they had to leave home and drive by the lighting area they had seen the fog and object. There were no witnesses as to where the object had been centered. (This is what the witnesses told).

9) Both witnesses claim they have not read widely on the subject of UFOs.

10) Mrs. L. is known as a rough-and-ready individual who under normal circumstances is not given to hysteria or anything. After the story was checked out thoroughly it was reported that her account was fortcoming. The witnesses appear to have much.

INVESTIGATOR NOTES AND IMPRESSIONS (Frank Pechulis)

I talked with Lt. Matteo Ciccone of the Leominster Police Dept. He showed me a card indicating that the police received a phone call on April 9th. relating to the sighting. The Lieutenant knows Wallace Pretty well, and feels the witnesses are not only rational and well-balanced, but feel they had a very unusual experience.

I went and talked to him first that he could have been influenced to some extent by the published theories concerning this particular incidence.

CHAIRMAN FOLLOW-UP AND EVALUATION

Since Mr. Wallace has a Police Record, I decided to check further into his background. His record contained only minor offenses, and addressed 2:15 A.M. on April 9th. Her account is as follows:

She told me that she and her husband were awakened by the telephone ringing. Their daughter who resides with them told them that the end her husband had experienced a terrifying experience and wanted to report it to the police which they did. From her home and an officer was dispatched to the address given. The officer questioned Mrs. Wallace and her husband and they told them about the experience. She was extremely shaken up and had to be consoled. I questioned Mrs. Pechulis with a few details (minor) that had not been mentioned. There was no evidence and I am sure this and her son-in-law so thoroughly shaken-up that there would be any thought of fabricating the story. I asked if she thought there was anything unusual or spectacular about the object and she said: "No, it was just strange the way it behaved as if they had just undergone a terrifying experience."

I obtained Mr. and address from the telephone company and put in a call to her immediately. Her account is as follows:

Mrs. [redacted](re-married), [redacted], Albany, Vermont