There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 135-150 mph
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 30 - 50 MI
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open countryside
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over a city
f. Flying over open country
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast f. Southwest g. West h. North
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words what the object or objects, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed. It should contain all the details that you can remember:

It was irregular in shape, how a ragged oval or something irregular, not definite, about the size of the moon, but definitely an object, not a light or anything of that nature. It was gray in color, appeared to be about 30 to 50 miles away, moving approximately 135 to 150 mph. It did not move at a steady pace, but seemed to oscillate at times, changing direction somewhat, but the general direction of travel was from the northwest to the southeast.