The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire about a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The witness described the object disappearing after a short period of time.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? The witness circled "No" indicating the object did not move behind something.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? The witness circled "No" indicating the object did not move in front of something.

17. a. Sound: The witness described the sound as "none".
b. Color: The witness described the color as "white light".

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? The witness estimated "about 25%" of the object would have been covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that are such as size, proportions, etc. and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. The witness provided a hand-drawn sketch of the object with an arrow indicating the direction of motion.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes It gradually faded out and disappeared.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
17. a. Sound None b. Color White light
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? about 25%
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that are such as size, proportions, etc. and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.