The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an official U.S. Air Force UFO report form. 

OCR text output:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form c

14. Did the object disappear, while you were watching it? If so, how?
No!

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)            Yes            No            Don't know

If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)            Yes            No            Don't know

If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell, in a few words, the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: White

18. We'd like to know the angular size. Hold a match stick up at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object the match stick covers. Estimate how many matchsticks would be required to equal the apparent size of the object at the time. How much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, fins, exhaust, etc., and anything else that will help describe the object. Please do not identify any human faces or people in the drawing.

20. Do you think you can estimate the size of the object in feet (length, height, or width)?
If you answered YES, then:

21. Do you think you can estimate the distance to the object in feet?
If you answered YES, then:

22. Where were you when you saw the object?
(Circle One)  
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. Airplane (flying)
e. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AI (aircraft), what direction were you going?
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24a. Did you stop at any time? (Circle One)

25. In order that you can give us (facts which, when placed up can provide a considered) we should like you to do the following: