This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed form used by the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) to collect information about unidentified flying objects.

Text from the document:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which the information you supply may be valuable. After all the information has been recorded, it will be submitted to NICAP in confidence. PLEASE READ CAREFULLY AND SUBMIT FULL DETAILS.
Should you need additional room, please use the back of this sheet and be genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name: [Redacted]
   Address: [Redacted]
   Occupation: Educator

2. Date of Observation: August 15, 1957  Time: 10:20 PM  Time Zone: EDT

3. Locality of Observation: Sebring, Florida

4. How did you first notice the object? Was it in motion or stationary? [Redacted]

5. Please describe the weather conditions and the type of sky: Clear, nighttime, dusk, etc.

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you:

7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible?

8. Was the object(s) brighter than the background? If so, please state how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc? Please use additional sheets of paper, if necessary.

10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky?

11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. [Redacted]

12. Did the object(s) -- (Please elaborate, if you can give details.)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? [Redacted]
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? [Redacted]
c. Break up into parts or explode? [Redacted]
d. Disappear and reappear? [Redacted]
e. Leave any visible trail? [Redacted]
f. Change brightness? [Redacted]
g. Change shape? [Redacted]
h. Change color? [Redacted]

13. Did it maneuver in any way, or behind or in front of anything? If so, please elaborate, giving distance, size, etc, if possible.

14. Was there any sound associated with the object(s)? If so, please give direction and speed.

15. Did you observe the object(s) through any optical instrument or device, windshield, windowpane, storm window, screening, etc? What?

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? What kind? How loud?

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) --
a. Fuzzy or blurred. 
b. Like a bright star.
c. Sharply outlined.