The image contains a photograph of a large fountain or monument in a night-time setting. The monument appears to be illuminated and surrounded by some structures or buildings in the background. The image has a black and white, grainy appearance characteristic of older photographic technology.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

BLUE BOOK

The Mexican Saucer Incident 
6981385
11 NOVEMBER 1967

The following case report was extracted from Project Blue Book files.

LOCATION: Mexico City, Mexico
DATE: 6 November 1967
TIME: 2100 (local)

SUMMARY:
At approximately 2100 hours on 6 November 1967, four Mexican Air Force pilots observed and photographed an unidentified flying object over Mexico City. The object was described as a metallic, disc-shaped craft, approximately 30-40 feet in diameter, that hovered silently over the city for several minutes before accelerating straight up at an estimated speed of 1,800 mph and disappearing from sight. 

DESCRIPTION OF THE UFO:
The UFO was described as a metallic, disc-shaped object approximately 30-40 feet in diameter. It was observed to hover silently over Mexico City for several minutes before accelerating straight up at an estimated speed of 1,800 mph and disappearing from sight.

DESCRIPTION OF THE ENCOUNTER:
Four Mexican Air Force pilots were on a routine training flight over Mexico City when they observed the unidentified flying object. The pilots were able to get close enough to the object to take several photographs before it accelerated and disappeared. According to the pilots' statements, the object appeared to be under intelligent control.

CONCLUSION:
This case is classified as UNIDENTIFIED. The four Mexican Air Force pilots provided credible eyewitness accounts, as well as photographic evidence, of the unidentified flying object they observed over Mexico City. Given the described characteristics and performance of the object, as well as the reliable nature of the witnesses, this incident warrants classification as an UNIDENTIFIED case.