The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO SIGHTING REPORT FORM
Sighting Date: 8 March 1967
Location: Leominster, Massachusetts (St. Leo's Cemetery)
Time: Approximately 6:00 PM EST
Weather: CLEAR - Except for fog or mist around area where UFO was hovering (See witness detailed report)
Witnesses:
Name(s): Mr. and Mrs. *
Education: 3.5 yes h.s.
Occupation: PAINTER
Address: Leominster NONE
Phone: 

Apparent Size: cf. star Bright as object was approximately 600 ft away
Elevation: Below 1500 ft.
Color: Alternately white to___ sounds weird, something like shapes not bright. sight source in
motion up and down vicinity eyelid light source in

SIGHTING ACCOUNT:
The witnesses were returning home from a drive in the country to see the snowcover from the storm. As they were going along the road in a straight course, they suddenly noticed a bright light or object in the sky. As they approached the cemetery, the object was still in the same position. Thinking it was a star, it did not seem to be moving in any particular direction. When they got up to the cemetery, the object jumped in front of their car. It passed the car and went through the fog. Mr. * stopped the car (facing away), put it in neutral gear and pulled the car off the road where they could watch the object further. The object appeared again behind some trees then it jumped up and down. 1) The automobile lights, radio and engine ceased functioning. 2) He felt an electrical sensation. 3) The object remained motionless, then moved off rapidly to the east. After it had gone, the engine, lights and radio began functioning again. As the object began to move away, it started to glow and Mr. * began screaming for his wife to get back into the car and suggested his jacket through the car window. As the object moved further away, the electrical tension was felt by both, but it finally disappeared into the distance. REFER TO DETAILED FORMS FOR SKETCHES

REMARKS:
Mr. * was a police record and is a rough-and-ready type of individual who under normal circumstances is not afraid of anything. This is the fact that a minute mark of various impacts of this sighting shook him to such an extent that the reports indicates that the police to evaluate it. The police described this individual as the police who know UNKNOWN with Ph'M effects. See detailed USAF PPO-Type questionnaires and full report for more detail. CLASSIFICATION: REPORT INCOMPLETE - CANNOT EVALUATE - SEE DETAILED ORIGNAL USAF REPORT D.C.I. PROJECT BLUEBOOK.