There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

Here is the text from the document:

At 0235 EST, 4 Jan 67, Major Winslow, USAF, telephonically advised 25th AF that a UFO incident as follows:

Sighted 2225 ESTCH/0625-0535Z) from Yuma, Arizona to coastline superior. A United Airlines pilot also reported it to the Los Angeles center, and pilot reported bright lights trailing sparks and flames, bright enough to light up the cockpit. Also the Yuma Proving Grounds at El Mirage Field reported bright lights trailing sparks and flames, bright enough to light up their cockpits. The object appeared to execute over the coastline.

Contact was made with SANDERS however they had only a fragment rent to the observer. It is unlikely that a fragment could have accounted for their sighting.

Contact was made with Vandenburg AFB and Point Mugu in regards to any missile activity which could have accounted for the sighting. In both cases there was no missile activity to account for the sighting.

Contact was made with the 27th Air Div, Luke AFB, Arizona. No information was available. Return call from Capt. Cross furnished the following information: The first call to the 27th was at 0525Z. The Los Angeles Center then again contacted the 27th and reported a sighting from Yuma, Arizona. The Los Angeles Center again called at 0534 4 Jan 67 to report that the lights had been a UFO.

Contact was made with the Yuma Proving Grounds(Army) in regards to the sighting. They actually saw the object that came over the province. It was at a drive-in movie and saw what he thought to be a large parachute. He said the object was predominately white and for about 2 seconds.

Contact was made with Air Route Traffic Control Center in Palm Springs. They had no information on the sighting. The watch supervisor who was on duty at the time of the sighting. Mr. Macy called back and said that he had contacted Mr. Frank Reed who was the watch superior on the night of the sighting. He said that the object was observed at an altitude of about 32,000 feet. The pilot said that he thought though that it was a UFO but didn't recall that it did anything outstanding. Other reports were made on the object from Yuma, Arizona, Bakersfield, San Diego, California.