The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Airports and aircraft movement.
1. Quad City Tower:
His tower operators for this date have stated that there were no unusual sightings or activities. He questioned his operators and later stated that there was no unusual activity. There were no flights by the Quad City Airport during the daylight sighting on the 9th of March at 1:30.
2. The Tower Chief was contacted and requested to question all of his operators and later stated that there was no unusual activities. He questioned his operators and was told that there were no unusual activities.
3. Rock Island Arsenal:
A check was made with the security and transportation elements at the Rock Island Arsenal Headquarters. There were no air movements noted: the activity was normal. It was not used on 9 March.
4. Chicago ARTC, Aurora, Illinois:
The Center was questioned about any unusual sightings or unexplained radar returns. They reported none.
5. Joliet Radio ZSQ:
Burlington Radio 333. Both stations were questioned of unusual sightings or reports. They reported none.
7. AIC, 20th Air Division:
Relay through Chicago Center to AIC was made concerning unusual radar contact. They reported none.
8. 1405th Air Transport Squadron, Iowa Air Guard:
An Air Force C-130H Hercules, serial 72-1657, operating from Quad City Airport, Moline, Illinois as a scheduled test flight at 1:30, was over the Quad City area and headed to Thompson, Illinois. The craft returned direct to Quad City Airport at 2:00 feet at an altitude of 8,000 feet. The flight was a routine night flight. No information was indicated to contact local units.
9. Illinois Army Guard at Quad City:
Colonel [redacted] from the Illinois Army Guard stated he had no air traffic on the 9th of March.
10. Quad City Airport Manager:
The services of the airport were checked for the possibility of a helicopter or any of the times sightings were made. There were none.