There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

Here is the OCR text output from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approximately 1/2 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)  
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flyover a city?
f. Flying over open country? ___ + ___

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No 
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No 
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other With the unaided eye

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
The object appeared to be metallic and disc shaped slightly raised in the center. It moved silently rapidly and without 
any visible means of propulsion. It seemed to have a glow around the outside edge and it was quite bright compared to the 
surrounding sky. It appeared and disappeared quickly. Initially it looked like a star but upon closer observation it did not 
act like a star. Its movements were unusual in that they did not conform to normal celestial body movements.