The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. The text in the document appears to be a detailed description of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting that occurred near Charlottesville, Virginia.

The document text is as follows:

"PENDING
under 2 minutes report - caught all of action

The Dunn Bros School, Route 2/296

Unidentified flying objects(s) sighted
Wm. B. McCann, Route 2, Charlottesville, Virginia

Dear Sirs:
I am not sure if such an individual account would be believed by you or not, but my husband and I thought that an sighting we had on July 12 might be worthy of record in any case.

We are residing temporarily (until house 6) at the Blue Ridge Motel which is 15 miles north east of Charlottesville, Virginia near the Blue Ridge mountains. We have been travelling and saw the object last night at about 10:30.

This object was very strange and seemed to have fluorescent edges or outline and was moving in a 'zig-zag' fashion, to be more specific a wavy motion like a sine wave. It did not seem to have propulsion in the usual sense, rather it just seemed to move under the control of whatever was guiding it.

This object also seemed to have the ability to change direction instantly by 90 degrees or more at will, which would indicate some sort of control not dependent on conventional momentum. We watched it for perhaps 2 or 3 minutes as it moved from the northeast to the southwest, its movement being unbelievable irregular or erratic. As it moved away into the distance it appeared to just 'wink out' rather than disappear from view normally.

I would not be writing this note except that the sighting was so remarkable and so unexplainable in conventional terms. My husband is an electrical engineer and fully capable of evaluating such phenomena, and both of us are quite certain that this was not a conventional aircraft of any kind.

I hope that this account may be of some interest to your organization, although I realize that individual sightings of this sort can be difficult to evaluate scientifically. If you should desire any further information, please feel free to contact me."