There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The response indicates the object did not disappear, but the observer was only able to see it briefly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? The response is "Yes", indicating the object did move behind something, likely a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? The response is "No", indicating the object did not move in front of anything.

17. The response provides details about the object, including that it made no sound and was a light yellowish-white in color.

18. The response discusses the size of the object, indicating it was covered by a match stick when held at arm's length.

19. The document includes a hand-drawn sketch depicting the shape of the observed object.

Text Transcription:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
Did not-saw it but for a short period of time.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes_X_ No____ Don't Know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes__ No_X_ Don't Know.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No sound
b. Color - Light yellowish-white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the head of the match?
The top of the object was covered by the matchstick head when held at arms length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include a description of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust or light color. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing included]
The object appeared to be an elongated cylinder about 2 to 3 feet long. No other details noted.