There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book containing text only.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

As the light I was looking at - and when I plane it. to are brightest to the eye, the engine sound is deafening. No sound at all was heard during the time of the light's visible passage. This light passed through trees of medium height in an area of clearance - as if it had no front or back - it passed at about the speed of a meteor - and from the direction of approach there was no sound or after. Its path seemed to be descending at an angle straight line parallel to the horizon. Its track was as though one light was a tungsten-filament type that place's say - and I revolved vacuuming it move in such a stationary stately straight line, but occasionally extremely swift bursts of speed up the slope to the eye, even that the travel being straightas an arrow, except the passage of the moving object when it disappeared behind a cloud - nor was its powerful light ever re-emerging from the cloud - moreover, I see the object again through any break in the clouds or one of the objects passing in the prolonged course of its track, it simply did not reappear in my view. A person examining it noted it elec. 7:35 pm.

And I must admit everything I was experiencing as a city person camping for the first time in the foothills. Your imagination is wild and unrestrained. I all certain, is out of the question. I the a layman, I simply frowned a bit and thought "Hmm, the odd" and added it to the mind's shelves of the unlikely and moved - an exoteric delight, but one goes over at leisure. I say, not so immediately connected with survival on a cold and windy hillside and those of us well used to first fire fonds and food supplies.

Yet I could not help wandering - why did I not spot the object moving from the trees to light that seemed to me so significant and bright in the area - when the object did first catch my eye, it was distant and disappearing behind I was witnessed in a millisecond from being close as the brightest jet tracks, it vanished again from my view. I suspect that straight-line passage is the intensity of its luminescence - nor was there any trail left behind as on many high-speed night flights photographed - it covered the distance faster than my eyes or mind could comprehend - so that I had nothing to grasp on to the the vanishing object - and could hear the jets - yet they did not cover the area as this thing had done. 

I appreciate as to the exact length of time that passed from my first capture until the disappearance of the brilliant object behind the clouds was a matter of seconds - it was not even a matter of a half-minute. I was-so impressed for not breaking camp and returning to town immediately the next morning - as it is only now in writing this information to you - but it had happened so fast, I could only my mind rationally and firmly grasp of the vivid event.