The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Mrs. ___ has sent a slide to the investigator, a photograph taken with an Instamatic (with flash) of a white light seen in the northeast. This cannot be a planet or star, since they are not that direction, and no stars would show in such a short exposure (about 1/50 second). It may be a landing light. The picture is now being analyzed and it will be forwarded with comments when the analysis is finished. The object appears as a slightly elongated white dot.

All the witnesses appeared perfectly honest and sincere; moreover, they were fully satisfied from ballistic considerations with respect to any of the objects seen by the investigator, since real objects were in fact there. However, the witnesses were not highly suspicious, and said as much, so they were unaware of the simplest facts of astronomy. Mr. ___ said that the most interesting thing he learned about the investigator was that stars can move in the sky, rising and setting like the sun or moon; he said that this fact certainly explained a lot of what they had seen. For they assumed that the slow motion of the objects meant that they could not be stars or planets.

The investigator did not express any positive opinions about the worth of Ouija Boards as means for obtaining information. Instead, he gave a short discussion of the uncertainty involved, when it can be seen in operation during dreams and when one gets inspirations without knowing where they come from, and pointed out that since those who Ouija Board pioneer to do are said by one's own muscles and brain, it is certainly possible that what is written is coming from the unconscious, although one must still consider the ultimate source of the material.

One of the witnesses pointed out herself that this might account for why the "recommendations" had a different character for each person working the board. This discussion met with great interest. The investigator voiced the opinion that as one source of all the possible reasons for the operation of the Ouija Board, he saw no harm in exploring the phenomenon, pointing out that many scientific discoveries proceed by various means.

At the end of the interview, it became evident that Mrs. ___ had felt greatly relieved, especially to be rid of the idea that something had gone wrong with her car (as one point she had obviously been pondering more and more heavily on her car one point during the board and all driven material associated with this experience - but the red lights kept).