The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Text transcription:

The upper wind flow from 5000' to 7000' was still found to be generally southwesterly with speeds of 5-10 m.p.h. These upper winds blew more or less parallel to the ground at these altitudes. The lower wind flow from the surface to around 1500' was generally northwesterly during the late afternoon hours as indicated by the smoke drift from the ground and small cumulus cloud formations. Winds aloft at the higher levels did not show any marked deviation from normal for this time of year and locality.

Figure 2 shows the path of the motion during most of the afternoon hours as the horizon was scanned in a horizontal arc of about 180 degrees starting from the west and going counterclockwise past the north to the east. The motion was indicated by the witness as a high speed moving object or "machine" first noted over Long Beach, California, moving eastward, crossed the horizon in the general direction of Los Angeles in about 15 to 20 seconds.

The abnormality of the event is indicated in Figure 3 by the approximate difference in air temperature between 4:00 p.m. and 5:00 p.m. The temperature pattern shows an increase in temperature which had remained fairly constant during the late afternoon hours. This build-up of temperature and corresponding decrease in relative humidity as shown is believed to be an influencing factor in the visibility of the object described, as compared to typical weather conditions for the locality.

REFRACTION RESPONSE TO HAZE, DRY AIR
When warm, dry air is forced to move from a high mass out over cooler air, the boundary between the two air masses tends to act as a lens, refracting light in a manner that can cause distant objects to appear closer or more distant than they actually are. This effect is particularly noticeable on or near the ocean surface, where the contrast between cold ocean air and warm ground air can be quite marked. There would be another more diffuse boundary where the warm ground air is heated and mixed into the cooler upper air. These diffuse boundaries would also have a tendency to refract and distort light rays in a manner that could produce illusory effects. However, these effects would be more subtle and less extensive than the boundary effect at the ocean surface.

The Glossary of Meteorological Defines a mirage as "a refraction phenomenon in which distant objects appear distorted or displaced from their true position, often inverted, and sometimes as multiple images. Mirages are invariably associated with abnormal temperature distributions which, in turn, are associated with abnormal pressure distributions that tend to modify the normal refraction of light through the atmosphere."

The layer of warm, dry air above the cooler water from the ocean would have been sufficiently contrasting to produce a differential refraction of light waves sufficient to make distant objects appear closer than they actually were, seeming the atmosphere to be less opaque.