There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to show a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

TEXT OUTPUT:

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Objects (U.F.O.'s)

entire conversation cannot be recorded; however parts of Mr. ORR'S conversation with DR. ALLEN HYNEK, who is in charge of "Project Blue Book" was taped. DR. HYNEK advised to have DR. ALLEN interviewed by DR. HYNEK. DR. ORR was unable to have this interview transpire, because of his leaving for overseas.

10. On 11/6/67 telephonically contacted DR. - - - - - - - - - - Civilian Dispatcher, Griffiss Air Force Base, Rome, N.Y. and advised him of reports received. DR. - - - - - - - - - - stated that he would advise the Duty Officer MAJOR ALLEN, U.S.A.F. of the reports.

11. On 11/6/67, ORR, of A.I.R. Inc., White Plain subject or copies of this report, collected, that contacted this incident, stating that he investigated the sighting and determined that the object was flying to Auburn, N.Y. on 11/7/67 in conjunction with a speaking engagement. Further stated in view of the reported sightings of U.F.O.'s in the Cornell area on 11/8/67, he planned to visit the area sometime during the week and advised that he would be in the Ithaca area on 11/9/67 pertaining to the telephone call received at the State Police station to talk to this officer.

12. On 11/7/67 - - - - - - - - - - and an associate identified only as J. ORR, personally interviewed by this officer. S/A J. ORR stated that he had previously visited U.F.O. hovering in the area in early 1967. He stated that he was continuing his investigation on this matter and that he would advise this office of any findings. At this time, personally reiterated to this officer, details of his sightings as previously set forth in this memorandum. It should be noted that during this conversation and previous ones between the - - - - - - - - - - and this officer. DR. J. ORR indicated that he has sent to five page letter to DUKE UNIVERSITY concerning this officer. 

13. During the late evening of 11/9/67, Lieutenants GERALD WHITE and DOUGLAS BROWN, Syracuse, N.Y. stopped at the Ithaca Station and conferred with this officer. They advised that they had just attended a meeting at Cornell University sponsored by DR. HYNEK. HYNEK told them that no U.F.O.'s had been sighted in that area and they felt that he was misleading this officer.