The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

19. Was the object -
a. Self-luminous ? (i.e. bright?)
b. Dull finish ?
c. Transparent ?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion?
20. Tell the general size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead b. Pea c. Dime d. Nickel e. Silver dollar f. Orange (grapefruit) larger

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s) (rising along as it happened to catch my eye)
22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? (sitting on way to a baseball game)
23. What was the object(s) direction from where you were located? (east)
24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a plane or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. (seemed to move very fast)
25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate.
26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s) to the best of your ability. (50-100 yards)
27. What was the duration of the object(s) in the sky? (5 seconds)
28. Please mark on this hemisphere sketch the object(s) location. (drawing of hemisphere with 'object' marked)
29. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. (none)
30. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared. (sketch of local area with 'object' direction marked)
30. Is there a nearby, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? (no)
31. Were there other object(s) of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date), or any other substantiating evidence. We will return the material to you.
33. Were you interviewed by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local official? If so, please state the names and official titles of the persons who made the investigation, if known, and details of when the questioning took place.
34. Were you cited or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please explain.