The image contains no photograph, only text. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

anytime to be actually resting on the ground, but did appear more of the time to
be all through his body being hidden by the trees and foliage.

We continued to observe the objects until we got to Babets and turned off to the
left and continued on. They seemed to be following us as we turned off and flew a
short distance down the road and then turned off again. Where they finally went we
did not know, as the foliage was so dense we could not see them beyond that point.

After we turned towards Westlands we did not expect to see them again, as the road
follows a ridge and they had seemed to be starting down the valley out of our line
of sight.

While others are said to have seen a great many fall to the earth as our approach-
es the Nairobi city limits (30 mph zone). However, to our surprise, just as we
were approaching the hill in full sight of the Babets, we saw two definite objects
still very high. They were taking station at almost a perfect right angle to each
other, but moving very slowly, and we could see them until we got to the ABC
roundabout when they were definitely rising out of sight of the valley and gaining
altitude.

Ruth became very distressed and so we continued on, but if we had turned into the
Babets area we would have been in much closer position to these objects than be-
fore. As it is, I still do not know whether they had any connection with those we
had observed earlier or whether they were a separate sighting altogether. It is
possible that the size of the foliage of a DC-8 or larger they may have appeared
much larger than reality just being obscured.

They were moving very smoothly and deliberately, changing direction in ways that
belied any kind of normal aircraft but at the same time the motions were not vio-
lent or erratic as if it might be the attitude of the vehicle itself. I also no-
ticed that there was a feeling or "floating" or quietness about their motions.

About 10:15 p.m. we looked up into the sky but saw no sign or anything unusual. There
were no clouds, and the sky was clear.

We have been especially interested in UFOs, as a friend of ours had seen an
unidentification object cross the sky in broad daylight in November. We had not
been so fortunate as yet but were sure that there were more than enough objects in
that area, surely not in East Africa. All four of us, however, clearly saw these
objects not only on this occasion but also on several other occasions. At no time
were they stationary. At one time we stopped so that we could see more clearly. As our daughter is
still very upset about the whole thing we have not discussed it any further in
front of her except to reassure her that UFOs have never been known to harm any-
one. However, I am quite convinced that this is an actual sight and that this
is very nearly correct.

March 21, 1957
J. J. Kolb, K.A.P.S.