The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. 

OCR output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: March 21,1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Sz. #30 - I will try to list other UFO's I have been able to observe:

From Aug. '61 to Mar. '64 I had many sightings, where the object would come and go at will. Now I have lost that close observation - they seem to stay and maneuver more - they no longer visit me. When they come I am filled with awe and feel they watch me.

The nature of sightings has changed from rapid flight (sometimes a flash - others a slow drift) to a gradual maneuvering and hovering, often in a kind of pulsing light effect. The maneuvers are very controlled and careful. I often got the impression that they were probing or studying the area. I have felt a close personal relationship and feel that they recognese me and select me to contact them. My sightings have all been in the same general area, within a mile or so. At one time I tried to get close but was repelled by some force field. Since then I have not tried this, feeling I must respect their wishes and allow them to make the contact. I have waited and watched, hoping for further contact, but they have not come as closely as before. I feel I was chosen for a purpose, although I do not know what it is. I have not received any communication, but feel very strongly that there is a close tie or bond between us. The objects are of various shapes and sizes, and I can now describe the general pattern of their activity quite well. I feel they have a great deal of intelligence and technology far beyond our own.

From time to time I have wondered if I am just imagining these sightings, but the conviction remains. When they are here, the experience is so vivid and real to me that I know they are real. I have wondered if I am "chosen" in some way, and if so, what the purpose might be. I have discussed this with a few close friends, but do not really talk about it much, as I realize most people would find it hard to believe. Even I find it hard to believe at times. I have not shared this with my family, as they would not understand.
I still have a desire to understand more about the nature and purpose of these visitations. I would very much like to have further contact or communication, if that is possible. But I will continue to respect their wishes and not try to force any contact. I will simply wait and watch, and try to learn what I can from the experience.