The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

General Description: The text on the page discusses an incident that occurred on September 23, 1957 in Ithaca, New York. It provides details about the incident, including the size and characteristics of the unidentified object observed, as well as information about the individuals who witnessed the event. The document also discusses the analysis and classification of the incident by the General Mail Room at the Washington, D.C. office.

OCR Text Output:

General Records Laboratory
U.S. DEPT. DATE RECEIVED JUN 27 1968 Washington, Dist. Col.

Office of SPECIAL TEST SECURITY UNIT
WASHINGTON. D.C.

General Mail Room, Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:
Enclosure. Exhibits 1 and 2. Ex. 2 consists of a rough diagrammatic notes, made several hours after sighting the UFO. and Exhibit 1 contains general outline sketches made on the same day at the site. 
As mentioned in the letter, their recollections may be inaccurate. Exhibit 1 consists of an estimate made in the form of sketches by M.Y. (Monroe Co.). Notes in regard to dimensions, and quantity of the object's similarity of construction may vary in excess of plus-or-minus 100% in certain instances.
The estimates in Exhibit 2 were not made until several days later, and therefore, accuracy may be questioned because of the overall similarity of the UFO to a plane or solid geometric description as described on the plans geometry description said "a cube figure was not discernible to color (white) and visual composition (as?) recanted to consist of primary color struction composite/solid (e.g.) not a gray or solid color (white) was viewed ail the way round.)
Since the World reference is used to describe a figure obtained, it was not desirable to obtain a nearly deep solid white colors: however, the dimension reported are not discernible, so the viewer-1959 in regard to reference a triangle no line or linear outline appeared upon the skyline of the illustration which is considered be completely spaced of the individual unite-

General Description: In early or mid-afternoon of Sept. 23, 1957, the observation made at 49 feet above. Rochester, N.Y. 14619. where a. single circular white object appeared to be less than the unit diameter, centered between parallel lines and probably not in excess of twenty minutes.
Weather conditions: the day was bright, fair, sunny, and approximately 20 + miles visibility. However, the (Record ?) indicated that the comparison of sky conditions was fair, but almost identical monthly in regard to that date distribution and cloud formations.
Location may be questionable, and location may be of a different nature.