There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The image shows a filled-out form from the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) for reporting unidentified flying objects.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue N. W. 
Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions. After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our evaluation report will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazines or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional space, please use another sheet of paper. Please print or type neatly. Your assistance is of great value and is sincerely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name: ....
2. Telephone:
3. Locality of Observation: Sebring, Fla. (standing toward NW atitude)
4. How long did you see the object? 3 Minutes 8 Seconds
5. First describe weather conditions and the type of day: Clear, 
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: Sight: Stars visible
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? Night: Stars were visible
8. Were there more than one object? No If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating their movements, etc.
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc.? First like a bright star, Bright as a headlight, slow
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? Yes
11. If so, compare the brightness with the sun, moon, headlights, etc. As bright as a headlight
12. Did the object(s) —
    Appear to stand still at any time? 
    Move in any particular direction?
    Give off smoke? No
    Have a trail? No
    Change color? No
    Break up or explode? No
13. Did the object(s) pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc. if possible. No
14. Was there any wind? No If so, please give direction and speed.
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid (shield)? Window, storm window, screening, etc.? Door closed
16. Did the object(s) have any sound? No What kind? How loud?
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) —
    Fuzzy or blurred.
    Like a bright star.
    Sharply outlined.