There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of a UFO object.

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 8,232 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words what you observed, relate to the object, its speed, direction, size, color, shape, duration, and any other information which you think would give us a clear picture of what you saw.

The object appeared to be elongated in shape, not distinct, and quite distant. I could not accurately determine its exact size or shape, as it appeared to be somewhat obscured. Its speed was extremely fast, as estimated above. It did not appear to change direction or speed during the sighting. I could only observe it for a short period of time before it disappeared from view.