The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the State of Minnesota Highway Patrol, an Office Memorandum dated March 28, 1967, regarding a reported sighting of a U.F.O. on March 22, 1967.

Transcription of the text in the document:

STATE OF MINNESOTA 
Office Memorandum

TO: Major Bert Johnson
FROM: Captain Walter W. Whitson
SUBJECT: Reported Sighting of U.F.O. on March 22, 1967

Enclosed please find a letter from Officer Michael Morlan #231, concerning the sighting of an unusual object in the sky on 22 March 1967.

Officer Morlan contacted me on 23 March in regards to his sighting. He advised that on 22 March, and questioned him further about the above sighting and received the enclosed letter from him which I believe is self-explanatory.

Officer Morlan, Sergeant O'Lan Ott, and I then drove to the area where Mrs. Fields stated the U.F.O. that she was reported to have seen. Mrs. Fields and her 12-year-old daughter gave us a detailed account of what they saw. They stated that about a mile and one-half west of New London about 1920 hours and stay about a minute and one-half. They then observed it again for about one minute at 2130 hours. She told her there was no such thing. The girl said it is coming towards us. They both continued to watch and when they had driven about one-half mile it was all at once sight in front of them. She applied her brakes at this point and the light seemed to lift and drop down with a hissing sound. It then dropped and was about five or six feet in front of their car. She said the lights on her car went out, and she could see. She said the light seemed to be contained inside the object and it did not light up the area at all. She said the color was that of a welding light, and all of a sudden it moved straight up in the angle shape around the light and also something that looked like small windows above the light. It remained in front of them for one minute and then took off to the east at a high rate of speed. It then took about 30 seconds to disappear from sight. 

We then went to the farm which is located about five miles north of the area described by Mrs. Fields and her daughter. The farmer, and his 20-year-old son who is 125 pounds, said he was outside the barn when he first observed the object. He called to his son to come out and see it. This was at 1923 hours. They both watched it for the next seven minutes and said they did not have any idea as to what it could have been. It then went out of sight. There was nothing said in this position for several nights thereafter. It then went out of sight.