The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Optical character recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

18. Were the object —
(a) Self-luminous? ( )
(b) Dull finish? X
(c) Shiny? ( )
(d) Transparent? ( )

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? 
20. Estimate the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead
b. Pea
c. Dime 
d. Nickel
e. Half dollar
f. Silver dollar
g. Orange
h. Grapefruit
i. Larger
Or, if the object gave apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? 9:15 formed it's orbit

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Can see it over our house.

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? Moved in that direction, then out of sight.

24. Give a description of the object(s) with a sketch if possible. This helps show apparent altitude.

25. Was there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate. No.

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s). 1 mile+

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch.

28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. PEGGY TEVEBAUGH, 100 N. LAKEVIEW ST., SEBRING, FLORIDA 33870

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) came, its course, speed, time of flight, and other pertinent details.

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? No

31. We are interested in any photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date), physical samples, or any other documentation you can provide. We will return the material to you. 

32. Please furnish any photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date), if possible. We will return the material to you.

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force Investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name and details of the agents, his officers, and details as to when the questioning took place.

34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This section will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations. Please indicate your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own confidential files. Thank you for your cooperation.

35. Date of filling out this report: January 8, 1967