The shared image does not contain any photographs, only text. Based on the instructions, I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

UFO RPT-3/08/67-Leominster, Mass.
(name redacted), et. albans, Vermont (name redacted)
Mrs. ------ stated that her son phoned her around 1:45-2:00 AM on the morning of March 8, 1967. He was very upset and excited that he could hardly talk at first. She confirmed the essentials of the report according to which he said he had observed an unidentified flying object (UFO) for about 10-15 minutes. He told me that it must have been something to upset her son as he was 'the type that doesn't get excited about anything'. The object remained stationary and then began to move off into the distance. It was a long-distance call and that he was fortunate to have seen what he claims he saw. He is a rational young man and would not resort to anything to indicate an hallucination.
A close examination of the enclosed detailed UFO Data Sheets combined with witnesses, (name redacted) statements, and the fact that there were freshly made marks in the garage door, have convinced me that the UFO sighting is a true observation of a real phenomenon. I feel that the police record statement of his would not ordinarily approach them unless something strange has happened to him. Moreover, he also had had problems with the police and yet his observation and reporting of this incident seems to me to tend to verify it, for reasons mentioned above.
The negative analysis, paralyzing, etc., are all characteristic of other sightings throughout our area. The characteristics are the following:
1) The mist or fog seems to have been directly connected with the presence of the UFO (as it disappeared).
2) The electrical-failure and paralysis occurred simultaneously with the sighting.
3) The even that occurred afterward an effort until the UFO moved away.
My evaluation is that the sighting falls into the category of "UNKNOWN" and that although one witness has a police record, a careful check seems to indicate validity of said sighting.
Respectfully submitted,
Raymond H. Fowler, Chairman
NICAP SUBCOMMITTEE