The image contains no photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document related to an "Unidentified Flying Object" (UFO) sighting investigation.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS LOWRY TECHNICAL TRAINING CENTER (ATRC)
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO 80230

XPCP                                       17 NOV 1967

Report of Investigation (Unidentified Flying Object)

To: CR

1. In accordance with para 5, LFTC Special Order M-104, 27 Oct 1967, an investigation was conducted to determine the facts and solicit additional information concerning the report of a UFO sighting on 9 Oct 1967.

2. The individual reporting the sighting, Mr. [redacted], is 22 years old, 5'8", approximately 140 pounds, married with two children and lives in Lakewood, Colorado. After serving 13 months in the United States Army, he was discharged for excessive fighting. He has held many jobs of short duration since his discharge. He appeared to be more nervous than the average individual. He did not complete high school but accomplished the equivalent through General Educational Development while serving at Fort Hood.

3. The location of the reported sighting, at 14th and Lamar Streets in the Lakewood section of Denver, is an unlighted, suburban area. Both streets are narrow, blacktops, pedestrian. Mr. [redacted] normally uses this route in traveling to and from his home and the South Broadway sausage factory.

4. On the night of the reported sighting Mr. [redacted] departed the South Broadway factory at the usual time and arrived home at the usual time, 2215-2230. His account of the incident is as follows:

I was driving up the street, north on Lamar in Lakewood, approximately 2130 hours, when I sighted an object in the north sky. I stopped the car and viewed the object. As I approached it, I could not see a star but I knew the direction. He asked me what the date was, I told him October 9th, 1967. He said, "Oh, in your primitive time." He asked me what I had in my mouth; I told him it was a toothpick.