There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which contains a questionnaire with handwritten responses.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes. (Circle One)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Estimated 1500 mph at height of several thousand feet or better at probable close range.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes. (Circle One)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approximately at West Airforce. about 15 miles away, could be closer distance.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At home
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/ide?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 75 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes (Circle One) No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Goggles Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Wind shield Yes (No)
d. Telescope Yes (No)
e. Theodolite Yes (No)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: This was a round, disc shaped silver colored object which appeared to be hovering in mid-air, making no noise or sound, and descending or climbing very rapidly at an angle away from the observing aircraft. It was about the size of a small passenger aircraft. The silvery disc was highly reflective, shining brightly as if reflecting sunlight on a clear day, and giving no other light source of its own that I could determine. It had a smooth, uniform appearance without any visible markings, windows, protrusions, etc. As it climbed or descended, it moved silently and with great speed that made it very difficult for the observer to accurately determine its precise distance, height, and speed. However, it was an extremely startling and unusual sight that seemed to defy conventional explanation and operated in ways clearly beyond current aircraft performance.