There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form continued
----
May 9, 1967
Dear Sirs:
With reference to the report I submitted on April 4, 1967, concerning the sighting of an unidentified flying object over Tucson, Arizona on March 16, 1967, I would like to add the following information.
After the initial report which I submitted, I have been giving this matter considerable thought and I feel that I should elaborate on certain aspects of my sighting which I did not adequately cover in the original report.
First, let me say that the "object" which I observed was not a conventional aircraft, nor was it a satellite, meteor, or any other known type of aerial phenomenon. It was definitely a structured, solid, metallic-appearing object which was moving under its own power. It did not blink, flicker, or make any sound that I could detect. It was a smooth, silent, gliding object which moved with a speed and precision that was most definitely not characteristic of any known aircraft.
The size of the object, as I estimated it from the apparent distance, was approximately 40 to 50 feet in diameter. It appeared to be saucer-shaped, with a pronounced dome or cupola on the upper surface. The upper part of the object seemed to be metallic in appearance, while the lower portion appeared to be transparent or translucent, through which I could see a pulsating, glowing light of a bluish-green color. This light seemed to emanate from the interior of the object.
The most intriguing aspect of this sighting, however, was the behavior of the object as it moved through the sky. It did not follow a straight, level course, but rather executed a series of sharply banked turns and abrupt changes in altitude, none of which could have been accomplished by any known type of aircraft. At one point, the object appeared to accelerate to a very high rate of speed, and then suddenly made an abrupt 90-degree turn, maintaining this new course for several minutes before disappearing from sight over the horizon.
I must confess that I am at a loss to explain the nature and origin of this object. It did not conform to any known type of aircraft, either military or civilian, and its performance characteristics were far beyond the capabilities of any vehicle that I am aware of. I can only conclude that I witnessed some type of extraterrestrial craft, the technology of which is obviously far in advance of our own.
I hope that this additional information will be helpful in your evaluation of my original report. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Sincerely,
[Signature]