The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's official study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR Text:
DENVER, COLORADO
OCTOBER 11, 1967

SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON, D.C.

SUBJECT: UFO

DEAR SIR:

On the night of October 11th, 1967, at approxim ately 9:00 p.m. mountain standard time, I had a definite siting of an unidentified flying object that I can not satisfactorily explain. The place of siting was just a hillside off a flat from the Aspenglen Camp-ground, a branch of the Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado. It was three nights ago on Wednesday, October 11th.

The siting occurred than a half hour before 9:00 p.m., and I was already tucked into my sleeping bag as it was quite cold. At about 9:05 p.m. mountain standard time, I was alerted by seven o'clock in the evening with only my head in the open to view the skies. As I was all clasped up from the cold and pondering, I was suddenly attracted by some very strange activity in the sky. At first I thought it must be some satellite or perhaps an airplane, but as I watched it through the binoculars I had with me, I observed that this was not the case. It was moving in an irregular manner, first hovering, then darting here and there, and even occasionally making sharp turns. This was definitely no satellite.

As I watched one of the few stars, dimly visible in the western part of the sky, suddenly appeared to grow tremendously in size and distinctly illuminate a great area, about half way between the horizon and the zenith. It was brilliant, and I watched it for several minutes, during which time it exhibited the peculiar motions I have described. At first I thought I might have mistaken an airplane for a star, but then I realized it couldn't possibly be a plane, for I have observed thousands of airplanes and this was certainly not one of them. It seemed to dart across the skies at a great speed, far beyond the capabilities of any man-made craft I have ever seen.

And none ever projected such powerful brilliance of their front white light.