The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force regarding an investigation of a UFO sighting on 9 November 1967.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 2103D COMMUNICATIONS GROUP (PACAF)
REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    DCIR

SUBJECT:    Investigation of UFO Sighting 9 November 1967

1. On the night of 9 November 1967 between the hours of 1250 - 1302Z several reports of a UFO sighting were received at the 7/13 Air Base Defense Command Center at Udorn Royal Thai Air Force Base, Thailand. These reports were received from various military installations in Thailand. Over 150 persons observed the phenomenon while attending a motion picture showing at the outdoor theater at Udorn RTAFB.

2. On 10 November 1957 I was appointed investigating officer for this incident. My investigation included interviews with officers and airmen stationed at Udorn RTAFB although telephone coordination of the sighting was made with USAF officers and airmen at several other installations in Thailand. The investigation revealed observations closely parallel each other especially as to attitude, attitude and direction of flight of the UFO. The most complete report was submitted by Lt.Col John H. Scholtz of the 11th TASS who observed the phenomenon from the outdoor theater. Attachment 1 is a copy of Colonel Scholtz's report. Attachment 2 is a copy of the local weather report for the period just prior to the sighting as prepared by Detachment 3 Udorn RTAFB. Attachment 3 is a copy of a newspaper article as reported in The Bangkok World on 11 November 1967.

3. Many of the persons whom I interviewed had previously observed meteors, satellites, aircraft, and other celestial phenomena. All reporters stated that the speed of the UFO was not as fast as any shooting star they had seen and the trajectory of the UFO across the horizon was much flatter than that of meteorites which had been observed. Additionally most reporters indicated that the path of meteorite showers was generally at a higher elevation above the horizon than the UFO. One reporter noted that the distance between fiery objects in a meteorite shower were greater than those noted on the night of 9 November.