This image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a series of questions and answers. 

According to the OCR output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? About

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country? 
f. Flying over sea?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Window glass Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No  f. Telescope Yes No  g. Theodolite Yes No  h. Other

26. In addition to shape, color, size, etc., what other details as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. A bluish-white circular disc, about 30-35 feet in diameter, seemed to hover at a rather low altitude, approximately 50-75 feet above ground level, over a field for at least 5 minutes. The object appeared to rotate on its own axis, and its light was steady, not blinking. There were no wings, tail, or other structure visible. After hovering for 5 minutes, the object then climbed rather rapidly into the sky and disappeared.