There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document, which appears to be an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report.

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 12

4 June 1967

The text in the document is as follows:

was 4 in back of them. They say the object was moving from north to south. The fact that the object had the same color as the moon, and only gave off enough light around the moon, leads one to think that as they say, it may not have been a star. judging by the speed (60 miles per hour) they may have come to earth in a round-a-bout way.

It is changing the single to the moon, they think the object may have moving from around to a great height. In view of the tremendous number of inconsistencies the report, the fact that the two in the car did not see it, and the short duration of the incident, I tend to this conclusion. However, I think that confirming data would be best.

28. 25 April 1967, Port Chester, New York.
Not in my current file. Apparently misplaced. Will look for it.

29. 26 April 1967, Preston, Iowa.
Even though this has five witnesses, the report contains sufficient information for a meaningful evaluation. Missing, and witnesses were adolescents. Case could be considered to as possible balloon, or possible sunlight reflection, etc.

30. 29 June 1967, Scotts Plain, New Jersey.
Several attempts to get in touch with the original witness have proved futile. The man, Danny Brown, truck driver, was telephone listed, and I received no response to letters sent him. He may have an unlisted number or not traceable. Key witness, also was not reachable. No phone listed and I did not know where to locate him.

Yet despite this, original report stated that there were corroborative witnesses. Apparently the Air Force investigator was unable to locate any of these, or give any leads as to how they might be identified.

Also the report has a strangeness of 2.4, but relatively low reliability. The report states that the object appeared at one time about 100 feet from the observer and at a time about 300 feet away and at 1,000 feet. No time-motion pattern was established. I would recommend that in view of the fact that it is impossible for any additional information, the case be considered Insufficient Information, with the statement that the report was so bizarre and so suggestive of something strange that there should have been immediate and comprehensive follow-up.