The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

5. The inconsistency of the size of the "pedprints" for an object the size which Crowder reported, which would result in fantastically high bed leading (see Appendix "A"), and the imperfect symmetry of the "pedprints" locations.

6. The lack of symmetry of the burned spot itself, a free-form shape which suggests it was formed by the chance flow of a flammable liquid.

7. The fact that Crowder reported seeing the Martin car immediately after the road was set afire, yet neither Mr. nor Mrs. Martin saw the flames or the headlights of Crowder's car.

Rea Ipsa Loquitur:

But what of Clifford Crowder's high standing in the community? The truth is that, an outside investigator is only able to determine whether or not an in-depth study were made and no investigator, including this one, has attempted such a study.

It is a matter of record that Clifford Crowder is active in the affairs of his church, the South Hill Methodist Church. Beyond this, his difficulties in solving this case may have personal bearings of which this investigator is unaware.

One brother, J. Foster Crowder, is a member of the Virginia State Highway Dept. Another brother, J.L. Crowder, was a member of the Republican group at the time of the incident and was running for re-election. He was defeated in the primary held several months ago by the incumbent, A certain Christian C. Crowder, is an advertiser in the local newspapers. Dr. Charles H. Crowder, an M.D., is a more distant relative.

Every person interviewed spoke highly of Clifford Crowder, and corroborated a character endorsement without even being asked. Under normal circumstances, almost certainly would give him a good character endorsement. A man of 55, he is not an impecunious, sinister and well-mannered.

Yet it is difficult to predict what any person will, or will not, do. Every bank attempts to hire only people of unquestioned character lest positions of financial responsibility be entrusted to persons. Yet every year sees disclosures of embezzlements by just such people, followed by expressions of shocked surprise by friends and business associates.