The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typewritten document from the U.S. Air Force regarding a UFO sighting. The text describes the sighting that occurred in Northern Ontario, where several witnesses observed various lights in the sky that were larger and brighter than the usual aircraft. The document provides a detailed narrative of the sighting, including the movements and characteristics of the observed lights.

Following is the full text extracted from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 19 Nov 1962
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
On the night of November 4, 1962, four men were hunting in the Perry Sound District of Northern Ontario. The district is North Bay Ontario. The hunters were a retired RCMP Constable and three friends. At approximately 7:30 pm they spotted a flight of five brightly lighted objects. These objects appeared higher than the normal aircraft flying in the area. The objects were travelling in a northeast direction. As the objects approached their position, the men noticed that the lights were much larger and brighter than the usual aircraft. The lights were described as being the size of a large car and each light was much brighter than the headlights of a car. The objects appeared to be disc shaped and the lighting spanned the full underside of the objects. As the objects passed overhead, the men noticed a very faint humming sound which appeared to be coming from the objects. The objects were in sight for approximately 2-3 minutes and then disappeared to the northeast. The men were all adamant that these were not any type of known aircraft. They have had extensive experience in observing aircraft, both civilian and military, and state positively that these objects were unlike anything they have ever seen before. The observations were made under ideal conditions, the sky was clear and the moon was full. The men had an unobstructed view of the objects. The sighting was reported to the R.C.M.P. detachment at North Bay, Ontario. Publications re. 16-115 necessary.