The image does not contain a photograph, only a filled-out U.S. Air Force UFO report form.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form cc

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Not while I was watching it.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes - No - Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what.
It seemed to be traveling at a high rate of speed.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes - No - Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what.
It seemed to pass behind a high cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Silent
b. Color - white-gray

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/8 inch

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Drawing of a cloud-like shape with an arrow pointing in the direction of motion.]

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed?
(Circle One)
If you answered YES, then what is your estimate?
Very high speed, appeared to be faster than any known aircraft.

21. Do you think you can estimate the size?
(Circle One)
If you answered YES, then what is your estimate?
About the size of a jet aircraft.

22. Where were you located when you sighted the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. Airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN:
a. What direction were you traveling?
b. North - east
24.2 How fast were you moving?
24.3 Did you stop at any time? (Circle One)

25. Did you observe the object through:
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

26. In order that you can give as accurate information as possible, when placed on this form, please circle those items which apply from the list given below.
a. Size
b. Shape
c. Color
d. Number
e. Duration of sighting
f. Your distance from the object 
g. Direction of movement