The image does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 1 1/2 city blocks

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/ide?
d. Near an airport?
e. Near a control tower?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Flying over mountains?
h. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you going?
a. North c. South e. West
b. East d. Northeast f. Southwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? Miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
(Circle One for each)
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No 
g. Other

In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or an object which in your opinion, would give the same appearance as the object(s) you saw:

The object appeared to be metallic in construction, was a bright silver in color and its shape was spherical. It appeared to be motionless in the sky at a distance of approximately 1 1/2 city blocks away from me. The object was reflecting the sunlight and giving off a brilliant glow or radiance. I observed the object for approximately 3 minutes before it suddenly accelerated at a tremendous rate of speed and disappeared from view. There was no sound associated with the object as I observed it.