This document does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a memo describing a UFO observation by Mr. [redacted] and a visit by Dr. J. Allan Hynek. The text of the memo is as follows:

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

Subject: UFO Observation by Mr. [redacted] and Visit by Dr. J. Allan Hynek

The staff Duty Officer of Saturday, 4 November 1967 of the 35th Air Division, Hancock Field, New York called regarding Dr. Hynek's creditability. They understand that they are to help him in investigating UFOs in accordance with AFR 80-17. Somebody had called Friday night to Hancock Field stating that Dr. J. Allan Hynek of Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University would be arriving on the 9th of November to investigate a UFO report. The sighting was made by a [redacted] sales representative, date unknown. According to the person calling in, the observation was made some time last week and the report never got to where it should have gone. [Redacted] called into the base last Tuesday or Wednesday, calling the officer of the day. Anyway the report never got anywhere nor has anybody seen it. What the 35th Air Division wanted was to find out if Hynek was actually going to be there. Major Quintanilla informed him that Dr. Hynek was an Air Force consultant, however, we didn't know he was going to New York to investigate a sighting, and it is always coordinated through our office first.

Lt. Marano spoke with Dr. Hynek at approximately 0900 hours regarding his visit to New York. Dr. Hynek said that he was going to Auburn, New York on a speaking engagement that had been arranged several months ago. He definitely is not going as an Air Force representative to investigate a sighting. He is going to be doing some investigation on his own. A radio station in Ithaca, New York had called Dr. Hynek this morning and wanted to know if the Air Force was sending up an investigator. Dr. Hynek explained that he had a speaking engagement in the area planned several months ago, and that he may do a little personal investigation, but he definitely was not going as an Air Force representative.