The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

Information which I feel is pertinent but is not adequately covered in this questionnaire, additionally provide narrative explanation of the sighting.

I was at the Twilight drive in theatre, when at 00:26 hrs, 12/10/67, I spotted a light moving in a regular pattern and on a bearing of 270 degrees must northwest. The light came into view at approximately 2500ft., and came up to the view at approximately 10-15 degrees elevation, and almost directly overhead. The object proceeded to slow on stop frequently, than resume speed and course. The object burst of speed, and climb horizon or 60 degrees from the beam horizon put an sudden burst of speed and directly away from us on the angle of approximately 60 degrees from the eastern horizon, growing dimmer and smaller until it disappeared, at approximately 1 1/2 minutes.

The atmospheric conditions onthe night of 12/9/67, and the morning of 12/10/67, were as follows: Clouds - completely overcast with light and hazy. At the time of sighting the moon was full. Overcast was at 3500 ft. Wind was from the northeast at 4 knots (5mph).

The object was in full view approximately (24) two and one half minutes.

As the object moved across the sky, it occasionally passed through the cloud cover, causing it to dim but never completely disappearing. 

The object appeared as a large star, or minute self-luminous ball which had been completed illuminated.

Upon seeing the object disappear, I proceeded to a public phone and called the traffic control tower at Standiford Field and asked about the sighting, and nothing was in communication with the tower at that time (12:30). The officer told me to report any unusual sightings, and I did so. The sergeant got on the phone and asked me several questions. I explained all I could to him at the time.

The man I was talking to at the tower told me that he would contact me later on. As approximately 01:45 hrs he called again and said that he had talked to his superiors, and said that he would contact me later as this call was at my expense, ($2.20).

He called later on and I was at home at that time. He said that he would pass this information along to his superiors, and that was that.