There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a detailed written account of a UFO sighting incident.

Three days after our sighting was made, I found out from one of my relatives that she had made a UFO sighting at the same night as ours. I immediately called her up to find out her description of her sighting. It was as follows: One of her relatives (who wishes to remain anonymous) called her on the telephone and told her that they could see a strange object in the sky. She did this and was attracted immediately to two stationary red lights up in the sky. The lights were a lot brighter than stars and they were closer than the stars. After a while, it did start to move and it moved toward her direction. As it got closer, it broke up into a couple of seconds and when she came back it was gone. This all happened on the same night we saw our UFO. I believe the same relative that Dr. called on Friday night when we saw the object, because on the following day, he said he had sighted an UFO near the object we saw. We called him on the phone also, and he told me the same story as the previous witness. He was standing and watching when he noticed an object of enormous size coming in his direction out of the sky. It kept coming toward him and he observed it seemed to slow down. It was silent as its lights were just gone. It appeared again for a while and its lights were just gone. At this time the object was right overhead, about three hundred feet up. It looked as if it was stationary with a flickering light. He claims it hovered in a stationary direction for several minutes where he was. After he got tired of watching the object, he went inside. It seems to me that after he quit watching the object, we saw it coming our direction and believe his verbal account on what he saw. I know he is a good witness and his sighting incident day aircraft cannot be questioning. I'm sorry this report was not in sooner than this, but it took me a while to persuade and regrets it to the best of my ability.