There does not appear to be any photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a typed report discussing an incident of alleged UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla -2- August 5, 1969

Were the kind of phosphorescent sparks so characteristic of fire/explosion. The explosion as described is more consistent with
as part of the explosion, some of the falling debris could have produced the observation of the two heavy parts.

The foregoing is my analysis for what it is worth. I will be interested in getting your reaction. 

With reference to the Jefferson City sighting, I am certainly not impressed either with the principal observer or with reference to the others who join him.

Estimates of size and distance mean absolutely nothing, but under about the man's eye condition. However, he was observed on through the windshield and such observations can always be misleading. Could it, for example, have been a reflection of light such as makes the statement that "at one time it was directly overhead."

At no time does he indicate that he stopped the car, got out and a closer examination. And a person with binoculars as a rule should have been asked whether he tried to observe with these instruments through the side windows. Were the side windows of the car closed? Otherwise how does he know it was the "top down"? Otherwise how does he know it was the "top down"? Otherwise how does he know it was the "top down"?

He advances a fantastic theory to explain the sighting. From the description, I would judge that he has read some of the more sensational books on UFO propulsion and imagines that his intelligence that makes the UFO books that indicate that
also about his intelligence.  And I assume that he is trying to keep this a secret.

I certainly could have been misled. I have instructed that the object look in the window or windshield, the distortion could well have been more noticeable. At least it could have been a disk rather than a point as he concluded.

Is a final comment, the statement in his interview about "g forces" again indicates some familiarity with the jargon of UFO reports. I think it is misleading if hyped to have sent him a copy of this critical review published in the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists.