The image contains a photograph of a typed report. Based on the OCR, the text in the document is as follows:

Gallon, Ohio 44833
April 10, 1967
Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

Because of the article which appeared in the April 1967 issue of MINUTES, a magazine published by Nationwide Insurance Company of Columbus, Ohio, I am going to relate as well as I can the sighting of a UFO.

The incident took place on the afternoon of March 26, 1967 about 4 P.M. on County Road 294 near the southern border of Crawford County between the small town of New Winchester and County Road 100. We were driving East and saw a car with three youths in it, age about 18 to 20 years old, stopped and they were looking at something in the sky. Curiosity made me look out my window and I saw something, too, so I pulled am down the road a little ways and stopped, got out of the car and looked in the sky.

The UFO or whatever it was, crossed over this road we were on going from S.E. to N.W. There was bright sunshining and it reflected on the object which was made of metal and was not the color of aluminum like airplanes, but I would say was the color of either brass or copper. While the object was miles high, from the road as it looked to be oval in shape and about 2-1/2 ft. long from the distance we were from it. Of course, it probably was much larger, but at the distance we stood from it that was the size to us. What powered the object we do not know, but we heard no sound like you might hear from an airplane motor. I would say it was about 3 miles high as near as I could judge. It moved at about airplane speed.

The three boys in the car came on down the road and parked beside my car and we were all out watching it and then traffic came from the opposite direction and we both had to move. I do not know who the youths were, but were evidently local boys. A man, Mr. L a retired policeman of Galion, Ohio, who is about 75, but very alert and he could see the object and described it the same as I saw it. None of the five had any explanation, but all saw it very plainly.

If there is any further information I can give you, or any other help, feel free to contact me at the above address.

Yours very truly,
[Signature]