The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed text document, likely a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Text output from the document:

Thus the Martins were arriving home from the hospital at roughly the same time as the incident would have occurred, according to Crowder's account.

And Crowder says he saw the headlights of a car heading east just after the incident, which set fire to the field. This car turned south, seemingly into the Martin driveway. (See Powers report, p. 5.)

IF THIS CAR WAS UNDRED THE MARTINS, WHY DID THEY NOT SEE THE FLAMES?
- IS THE ROAD? THEIR CAR WOULD HAVE BEEN ONLY 400 FEET AWAY AT THIS TIME-
AND WHY DIDN'T THE MARTINS SEE THE HEADLIGHTS OF CROWDER'S CAR?

To resolve this hard-to-answer question and to explain the apparent conflict of Martins' statement that he saw an intense flash of light on the trees near the site while standing in his backyard, Powers and others have concluded that the car the Martins saw was NOT the Martins'.

Instead, the "mystery car" that Crowder saw is assumed to have turned south into the driveway, approximately 200 feet west of the Martin driveway. It is reasoned that Crowder could easily have turned into thinking the car turned into the Martin drive when in fact the "mystery car" merely turned around in the King drive and headed back toward South Hill.

Powers wrote in his report: "That turned out to be the case. Mr. King, who lived in the house in question, said that a car about nine feet wide, and was in the northwest bedroom (from which the scene of the sighting was visible), saw a flash as from a car headlight burning into their drive-in. However, nobody knocked on the door and she assumed that someone had just turned around in the driveway." If this were true, then the discrepancy is cleared up."

Furthermore, there are no windows on the west side of the main house (from Powers' description) so there was anyone in the northwest bedroom who could not have seen the lights from a car approaching from the west, unless they were turned out.

Finally, in an interview with Mrs. C.A. King, she flatly denies that a car could have turned around in her yard that evening. Here are her own words:

"My daughter was in the front part of the house (facing East Farrell Street) standing and I was in the kitchen (back) and we saw lights flash and I thought a car was in the back...I'm sure it was a flash but it wasn't a car. I thought it was because we went out into the back and there wasn't anyone there."