The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed text document describing an incident involving a "darkened object" observed near Louisville, Kentucky.

Text from the document:

I immediately parked in a safe area off the right side of the road and stopped my vehicle. It was our 20 year old daughter got so we could see better. The tallest man who was sitting next to me got out and walked towards the objet, but we could still see the completely darkened obje(ct) through the windshield as it was silently hovering at the same speed as the car we were in.

After a few seconds the light and flaming material suddenly went out, the object changed direction and headed to the northwest approximately a mile or two away.

We got back into the station wagon hurriedly and drove towards the station but were unable to locate the object. I contacted the Louisville Police Department and reported what I thought I had seen.

After changing my clothes, I did not appear to change or disturb the object in any way.

There was quite a bit of traffic on Cane Run Road at the time of this sighting and several drive-in restaurants in the area, however we could see no one else around to confirm this incident.

With a yellow-orange flame the darkened object which is usually described as anything from "ten feet" to "a hundred feet" in diameter, the flame went out and the material dropped onto the ground a short distance from the position where the object had been hovering.

Following the disappearance of the light and flames, the darkened object had no navigation lights, no sound was detected, and we could detect no propulsion noise of any type which would indicate how it was operating. The station engine and jet noise was also missing during the sighting.

The call to the control center ended approximately five minutes after it began and they explained to me that they knew nothing of it and had not been notified of a similar sighting, but assured I did discuss or relate a similar sighting.