There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

"18. Was the object only one, or were there more? Only one, moving lights, visible.
a. Self-luminous?
b. Dull finish?
c. Metallic?
d. Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? YES
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead
b. Small pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel 
e. Half dollar
f. Silver dollar
g. Orange
h. Grapefruit
i. Larger

21. Color, if apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.
22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Detailed description.
23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? Gradual fading to the North.
24. Did the object(s) at any time perform any unusual maneuvers? If so, please elaborate.
25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? I'm not sure, please elaborate. 
26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s).
27. Constellation or other reference point in the sky. Please mark on this hemisphere sketch. [Sketch provided]
28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.  Daughter & Henry [redacted]
29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) came, and the direction it took during the observation.
30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in this area?
31. No - except missile observations using a separate sheet of paper.
32. Please send any photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, if possible) regarding a similar observation, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.
33. USAF, FOAI, Force Investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name and details of the officials, and details of any official report taken.
34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This section will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note your choice by checking the appropriate block below.
You may use my name. ( ) Please keep my name confidential. (X)
35. Date of filling out this report: 1/22/67"