There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, containing text only.

AN ENCOUNTER
Page 26.
stated that Paul caught women were the weaker sex and easily tempted and misled. Of course, I never thought such admirable character when he succumbed to Eve's - but I began to wonder if the existing displays of power between men and women becoming so ideal for man really tried to act in a very friendly way towards the one he so referred to them as "my friends". The whole too many to figure out I decided I would just have faith that since God had protected me thus far, He would continue to so so. But I was totally not prepared for what So it was that I encountered their tapping nights later. This time I went to my familiar field- but this time, I got a distinct tapping to go left, because I had always gone to the field on my right. Of course, woods and stream are for sale and uninhabited to follow directions, climbed the barbed wire fence up a steep incline into the field. On my left was a rolling pasture to my right was a terrain I could only guess at. I had brought out of the New Testament which also contained the Psalms that I always carried that "chose" meeting in some unoid reason I had brought a flashlight, some carried since I had had one in the earliest of venture seemed to alarm the neighbors. As I walked slowly away from the road and the loudest din and banging I've ever heard and it from a ramshackle farmhouse which I knew was about occupied. It was as if someone were pounding steel posts powerful strokes and it was soon apparent that these disturbances were frightening the livestock. The cows roared and seemed near panic and I heard some strange sounds that seemed like soft muttering or buzzing. I walked on into the deeper darkness and could see dim shadows moving in the distance - at this point I increased my grip on the Testament and felt I was definitely not alone in this strange place. The shadows seemed to move away as I approached and after a time I could see nothing at all but the stars in the sky. It was then I noticed a peculiar silence - no sounds of night birds, insects or the usual country noises one hears on a farm. The silence was oppressive and I felt a strong sense of foreboding.