There is no photograph visible in the provided image. The image appears to be a typed document with text.

Here is the text from the document:

MAJOR HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR.
3350 PALMER AVE. "BLUE BOOK"
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON, OHIO

Dear MAJOR QUINTANILLA:

The enclosed photograph, containing what appears to be an "unidentified flying object", is hereby submitted for consideration in your files.

It was taken shortly before 10 A.M., Wednesday, June 28, 1967, near Landers, California. The object appeared to be a yellowish-white, elliptical shape, moving at a speed of approximately 1/250th of a second. It was at an estimated altitude of 3,000 to 4,000 feet. The diameter of the object is estimated to be approximately 40-50 feet. The object was photographed in a solution marketed commercially as "x330 for 125 minute processing".

The building in the foreground is reported to be an "Integratron" or "Integration Machine" which was constructed several years ago for use as an electrical device. It had intended to use the photograph to illustrate a tongue and groove in the operation of the machine, but due to the position of the sun and incorrect focus, the building did not photograph properly. Only the shadows and outlines can be seen. I apologize for the quality of these photographs due to the position of the sun and incorrect focus.

As soon as I inspected the film after its development, a double-barreled shotgun was visible surrounding an undeveloped spot in the background. My first reaction was to conclude that somehow the object had attracted a shotgun blast, but no corresponding damage or marks could be found on the film or the building. The photographs were taken on a tripod.

When the exposed photograph was taken, the camera was focused on the white object which was approximately 1/2 mile distant. The shutter-by-pushing a cable release. I was looking at the object through the viewfinder on the camera at the time the picture was taken.

As soon as I inspected the film after its development, a double-barreled shotgun was visible surrounding an undeveloped spot in the background. My first reaction was to conclude that somehow the object had attracted a shotgun blast, but no corresponding damage or marks could be found on the film or the building. I had intended to hold one roll of 125 film.

(more)