The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

My duty as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is to produce the text found in the document. Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 March 1967.

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire is a narrative explanation of your sighting.

My husband and I were in the area of the sighting described herein. We had been to church that morning. Upon returning home, we noticed some unusual-acting lights for almost two hours. These lights appeared to be hovering, and I watched some unusual-acting lights for almost an hour and a half, beginning January 13, 1967, upon studying detailed maps of the county in which we were located, I could find no large population areas that might have accounted for the lights. We were in an area south of Frankfort, Kentucky, which is approximately 15 miles from Frankfort. As we watched the lights, we also observed subsequently that the lights appeared to move independently of one another in a manner that was unusual, and they appeared to be some distance apart, (a distance of approximately ten miles), which gave us a good idea of the size of the area covered. For this reason, my husband and I drove to that area. It was at this time that we were amazed to see not only the light on the tower but the peculiar arrangement of lights described in this report.

These lights were above and beyond 100 yards or so from the highway. We continued watching for some time, then some of the lights went out or moved down toward the highway at about road level. At this point, we pulled into a driveway or some type of road to park, and some lights which had been moving in various directions arranged themselves in a formation, as if in a pattern. While waiting for an on-coming car to pass, the lights moved out of sight. We remained in this area for some time hoping to see the lights again, but they did not reappear.

I might add that we do not know the area and had not been looking for some sightings. The object would most likely have gone unnoticed but for the peculiar arrangement of lights which caught our attention. Just as we were about to leave, one light, which we had not noticed before, went out of sight. I noticed that the other lights moved in a diagonal line, rather than two under the other two, as they were when we first saw them.

I might add that we do not know the area and had not been looking for some sightings. The object would most likely have gone unnoticed but for the peculiar arrangement of lights which caught our attention. Just as we were about to leave, one light, which we had not noticed before, went out of sight. I noticed that the other lights moved in a diagonal line, rather than two under the other two, as they were when we first saw them.