The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a newspaper article or report from the "Project Blue Book" archive, discussing sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) by police officers and local residents in Ashland, Kentucky on November 27, 1967.

Text transcription:

P. O. BOX 311, ASHLAND, KY., 41101 MONDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 27, 1967

Police Officer Sees Flying Saucers

Police officers in Ashland calls about unidentified flying objects seen over different areas of the city.

"I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen it myself," said his co-worker, patrolling with him at the time.

"And I wasn't seeing things either," the officer stated. "They were real."

Ramey Home Residents Sight 'Objects In Sky'

Many persons were reported to have seen unidentified objects in the sky over the Ramey Home.

"They were very bright, silver in color and much bigger than stars," said residents there. One resident described the objects as being about the size of a dime when held at arm's length. 

Miss Effingham, a student, said the objects were seen by other youngsters at the home.

She said they were visible about 7 p.m. and remained in sight for about 45 minutes to an hour.

The ACC sophomore said there were many witnesses who saw the objects but they were too high and too fast for anyone to get a good look at them through binoculars.

(Continued on Page 12, Column 1)

Ramey Home Residents
(Continued from Page 1)

She said the phenomena was sighted on two successive evenings this past week.
 
Ashland Police Chief Donald McCullough said his department received many calls about the sightings. He said, "If they land a saucer in my backyard, I'll be the first to run out and see it, though." The McCullough home is near the Ramey Home.

Miss Effingham, who said she and others watched the objects through binoculars, described them as being round, silver and much larger than any known aircraft or satellites.

She said they seemed to be going in and out of the sky at high speeds. The objects were seen by a group and would disappear and reappear.

"At first I thought it was an airplane," she said, "but it just wasn't."

The ACC sophomore said the only sound made by the objects was a faint hum.

She said they seemed to hover and maneuver in the sky. The objects, she said, would suddenly move and then stop.

"They just seemed to defy all the laws of gravity," Miss Effingham said.