This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten report describing an investigation of a UFO sighting that occurred on April 9, 1967 in Hazelcrest, Illinois.

INVESTIGATION OF APRIL 9, 1967
Hazelcrest, Illinois 60429
By
William T. Powers

This investigation was requested by Lt. Marley after several telephone calls from Mrs. Yvonne Gattuso, who had been observing UFO's in great numbers for several months, and felt that it was the duty of the Air Force to investigate them. 
An attempt was made to deal with the investigation by telephone and letter, but Mrs. Gattuso insisted on a personal visit, so she could demonstrate the phenomenon directly. A trip was made to Hazelcrest, during which a number of "UFO's" were observed by the investigator. The sightings, which occurred at intervals, were Venus, Jupiter, Mars, Capella, Castor, Pollux, and an undetermined star (possibly Vega) rising in the southeast.
Mrs. Gattuso, her sister-in-law and her husband were involved.
She has prepared a considerable amount of written material, which is enclosed. Taking the entire matter in the section is tabulated "April 9, 1967" in orders, discussion of the sightings follows:
August 1966. The oval metallic object with the hole on the bottom appears to be the only observed object that could be classed as unconventional. Since this is the only object noted, little in the way of definite fighting may explain the exciting interest shown by the witness in the sky. The object and its behavior resembles descriptions that have been received from other witnesses.
Nov-Dec. 1966. The "beeping" sound, while unexplained, seems to have had an unidentified effect on the witness and her family. Perhaps the explanation lies in the accumulation of an Ouija Board by the witness, as a Christmas present for the daughter, with which the woman and daughter became fascinated: the board was received five days before the beeps were heard.
Jan. 11, 1967. The witnesses were apparently told by the board to "look out the window"; when they did they saw a bright red object, low, approaching their home.