The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text from a Project Blue Book report.

Sgt. Raines, who heads the local Virginia State Police office, acknowledges that "Crowder Crawford did make a right through fellow, and ordinarily I'd say that when he says the holes weren't there, they weren't there." But Raines, who is a member of the same church as Crowder, says he is sure that "the holes were there that night."

He explains that the reason they were not found is that Crowder had described the UFO's logs as being 5-6 inches in diameter, and so the officers naturally were looking for large indentations on the road, not tiny holes. Raines adds that the next morning when he was told of the four holes and went to the site, he still had trouble finding them in broad daylight.

But trooper Crawford says that when he heard about the holes the next day and returned to the site at night, he said he did find them "without being shown where they were."

If the holes were there on Friday night, it would neither confirm nor deny the presence of a UFO. But if the holes were NOT there Friday night, then the case is clearly a hoax, for this would mean that they were dug sometime after midnight (when the officers left for the night) and the following morning.

If the "indentations" were added in the pre-dawn hours of April 22, it seems safe to conclude that this was done to provide additional evidence to support the original story and to continue suspicions raised by the discovery of the charred matches. As of midnight, only a handful of people knew of the discovery of the charred matches - Clifford Crowder was one of this handful.

So far as is known, Crowder was the first man to return to the area the next morning, at approximately 7 a.m., while on his way to work. Although Crowder took time to stop and talk with Norman Martin about events at the previous night's official investigation, but he did not drop in to check on the site. This inspection later raised the suspicion that Crowder would not show more curiosity, especially since he was so early for work on a Saturday morning.

But as a result, Crowder was not the first to discover the four small holes at the site. Nor is it known who was the first to discover the holes. None of the document persons interviewed claimed this honor, nor did they know who had first spotted them.

Sgt. Raines said he was sitting in Crowder's office, only 1,000 ft. away from the site, when he received word about the four holes. Raines says Crowder showed a surprising lack of curiosity about this important new discovery. He told me that it was not until an hour or two later, when Crowder drove home for lunch, that he stopped to see the newly discovered holes.