The image contains a photograph of a UFO or unidentified flying object. The image is accompanied by text describing the event and the photograph. 

OCR text output:

AIR FORCE STUMPED BY 'UFO' PHOTO TAKEN BY SIOUX CITYAN'S
A 19-year-old Sioux City boy, Gene Anderson, says he took this picture of a 'flying saucer' in the sky above Sioux City on May 18, 1967. He also said there were peculiar grooves across the flat bottoms. They were described as being made of dull metal, not unlike steel, sparks seemed to be emanating from them. They drew a big 'V' in the sky, he said. Anderson still has the Polaroid-type picture.
By GENE ANDERSON
It was in the late afternoon one day in Sioux City. I decided that more could be seen on the surrounding hills. I hurried home and got my camera, a Polaroid-type, and went back to the spot where I had seen the strange object. The two teenage boys who had been with me could not see it anymore. In a minute or so, it appeared again, hovering about 50 to 75 feet in diameter, its to eight to ten feet deep. I snapped the picture. It darted off extremely fast in an easterly direction. It was about 5:20 in the afternoon. The boys said they had returned to the spot at about 5:10 p.m. to recheck what they had seen, but it had disappeared by then.
I saw scared them badly. They said they had never seen anything like it before. When I showed the picture to my parents, they seemed quite skeptical, although they noticed how disturbed I was. Even an aunt and uncle to whom I showed it didn't seem too impressed. But Col. George Paine, deputy Base Commander of the Sioux City ANG Base, and Maj. W. G. Ruppelt of the same base seemed quite interested when I showed it to them. They told me not to discuss it with anyone else, and I haven't since then.

They said they were studying the picture, and from top to bottom, the image on the picture showed more of an outline shaded in, rather than definite detail throughout. They described the object as being shaped like a submarine, with suggested points on the top, and definite trunnions or skegs underneath. They photographed the picture and sent it to BLUE BOOK for analysis. (BLUE BOOK is the U.S. Air Force's official UFO evaluation project). 
"It's quite possible this is nothing more than a hoax," said the youth, "but I know I saw something, whatever it was."