The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

13 JULY 1967 INVESTIGATOR'S REPORT
It is probable that the following incident was truly inexplicable, even though the observer's background indicates that he is not the type normally associated with imaginative or distorted observations. The observer is a 42-year-old male who has had considerable experience in observing and identifying various types of aircraft, including helicopters, jets, prop-driven planes, etc. He states that on the evening of 10 July 1967, about 10:15 p.m., he observed two objects in the sky which he could not identify as any known type of aircraft. He watched these objects for a period of about 10 to 15 minutes.
The witness stated that the objects were approximately 10 to 15 degrees above the horizon, traveling in a northwest direction at an estimated speed of 300 to 400 miles per hour. He stated that the objects appeared elliptical in shape and were emitting a bright white light. He also stated that the light from the objects was not steady but appeared to be pulsating or flickering. The witness further stated that the objects made no sound and appeared to be under intelligent control, as they made an abrupt change in direction from northwest to north and then came to a complete stop.
After remaining stationary for a minute or two, the objects then resumed their northward course and increased their speed to the point that they soon disappeared from sight. The witness stated that he was watching these objects intently and that at no time did they resemble any known type of aircraft that he had previously observed.
The investigating officer stated in his report that the witness appeared to be quite reliable and that his observation was apparently inexplicable. The officer further stated that the witness had no reason to fabricate or distort his observation, and that based on the witness' background and experience, the officer was inclined to believe that the witness had observed something unusual and inexplicable.