There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a report on a UFO sighting.

THE RECORD-POST, AU SABLE FORKS, N. Y., THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1967

Local People
Report U.F.O. Seen
Last Week Wed.
Wayne Strong and Steve Mero, both of Au Sable
Forks, reported seeing an unidentified flying object in
the sky over Ausable Forks last Wednesday evening
around 10:30 p.m. while they were sitting in the Mero
home. They said the object was traveling in a southeast
direction over Ausable Forks. Police headquarters in
Plattsburgh also received a report about the same time
from a man who said he saw the object over Plattsburgh
and stated it was a round, bright light. Strong said he
had reported the UFO to the State Police at Plattsburgh
and the State National Guard at Plattsburgh. Strong
said the UFO appeared to be a bomber but "around it
was a strange kind of a bluish light." He said the object
appeared to be moving "real slow" and then it picked up
speed and went straight up and disappeared. He said
it was white like plane lights.
"It was shaped sort of like an aircraft," said Strong,
"but we couldn't make out anything there because the
lights were very bright." He said it appeared to be about
a mile or a mile and a half up in the sky. Strong said he
and Mero watched the object for some time and it seemed
to be moving very slowly at first and then it "took off"
and went straight up and out of sight. He said it seemed
to glide off to the southwest. He could not estimate the
distance, but said it must have been several miles away.
He said, "It was about the size of an aircraft and seemed
to be at approximately the size of a DC -8 plane." Strong
said the object seemed to have a light on the top and on
the bottom. The entire size of the object, he said, would be
about the height of an aircraft, which would be 35 to 40
feet. Strong said the object had a tail and that it seemed
to have a twin turbine and that is why he thought it
might have been a bomber. He said the object "floated"
for a distance, then all of a sudden shot straight up and
disappeared.
Strong said he called the State Police at Plattsburgh
and also the State National Guard about the sighting.
He said there were no other reports in that area at the
time. The incident occurred while Strong was traveling
towards Jay, Maine. It was several miles away and he
said he had been traveling for about 2,000 hours of
flying. He described the object as being a bright light.
It was also viewed by Howard Stone and George Meade,
who thought it looked like a giant with a tail but didn't
act like the one.