The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed memo from Project Blue Book, an official United States Air Force study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

MEMORANDUM
To: E. U. Condon
From: E. J. Ruppelt
Subject: Comment on Air Base Cooperation with the GU-UFO Project

1. On 8 November 1967, a military pilot, while airborne, reported to the Chicago Center, visual observation of an unknown object and radar tracking of six other unknown objects. The pilot was color-blind and reported the objects to change color from red to yellow to white. The report indicated that six to eight objects were tracked by radar within a range of one and a half to five miles. The Chicago Center identified these as being normal aircraft, but no details of this observation were available.

2. No report of this sighting was sent to the GU Project. Project personnel contacted the Chicago Center and discussed the possibility of obtaining further details, but the observational data had apparently been destroyed by December 19, when the report was conveyed to Project personnel. Project personnel was also informed that the original film record of the observations, made during the sightings by Dec 19, had also been destroyed.

3. Since the report seemed a particularly interesting one, Project personnel sought additional information from the Chicago Center. Telephone contact with Chicago Center on 19 December disclosed that the report had been discussed with the Officer Commanding Air Defense Command, Col. C-----, who had indicated he would contact the pilot and send GU whatever information could be obtained. The GU Project received no further information as a result of this contact.

4. Telecon 13 December with Major Nichols, Chanute AFB, revealed that after the reporting pilot had returned to Omaha, all information was suppressed to Base Operations at Offutt AFB.

5. Since no information had yet been received from Capt. Cunningham (indented) or his crew, the GU project is unable to give any details of the observation. The CUFON (Cunningham's) report, though submitted, had by December 19 been destroyed. Although Vandeventer and Christiansen had been unavailable, Capt. Cunningham indicated he would forward details of the UFO incident to us shortly.