The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text-based document discussing a sighting report from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California in 1967.

Vandenberg Sighting Report
They were all extremely helpful to Colorado Project members in tracing the causes of the evening's events.
General Conclusions
This is a remarkable series of sightings, for two reasons, first, because of the extraordinarily high qualifications of the observers, and, second, because of the availability of the hard data. There is no other UFO case in the records of the Colorado Project that contains as many numbers, representing quantities like range, azimuth, elevation, and velocity. Information, from which signal strength could have been computed, would also have been available had the operators thought to print it out, but they did not. It was necessary, to relate signal strengths and ranges for these events, to go back to the tape of the conversations and dig out the reports of signal strengths, which, when assigned precise times (fortunately, the tape contained good timing references), could be compared with the printouts of range, which also included timing references. Information on the visual sightings was, except for the high credibility of the observers, the same as in other reports of UFO sightings in the Colorado files. There were no reliably measured quantitative values available from such sightings.
The detailed weather study, by Loren Crow, was not available at the time of the November trip to Vandenberg, and it was not known at that time that the weather conditions were in fact so unusual. The reader's attention is invited to Figure 4 in Crow's report, in which it is indicated that at VAFB, although return flow (that is, an on-shore breeze) at the surface was well established by the late afternoon of October 6th, flow at 2,000 ft. was still from the northeast, so that there existed a narrow tongue of warm, dry air overlying the cool, moist air. This condition persisted through the night.