The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

STATEMENT

MR. Henderson was reported at Wataga. He collected by the observer that runs over the woods that seen a bright light at 8:10 P.M. Going southst, I saw this bright more or less object in the southeast sky, looked to the horizon of the low flying aircraft. And I looked to the top, it was proceeding to rise instead of fall like a falling star. As it looked to me, it first I thought about settling, but I have no conclusion. that I carry with me. I got the binoculars out and by the time I got the binoculars on the object, already all it covered at a great velocity. I put the binoculars down the appeared that I would estimale at about 230 to 300 miles an hour.  The bottom part of this object appeared to have vent in its small narrow vents. At this terrific speed, the object went small, narrow vents and disappeared.  I ran outside to have a second look but I had no more luck,  no just a matter of a second or so.  As the report of this says, the headlight on the quad car on the ground, was not any like the headlight you are accustomed.  from a tire, only much louder naturally. As the object went over the car, it absolutely is very  distinct and unusual I have ever had, any of these objects, proceed on northwest. I followed the object with the binoculars, I would say maybe minutes, I followed the it till the object went out of view, disappeared. I went in the house and get my wife and I hurried outside to see what else I could observe but nothing further develop there was a white beam of light came from the object. I would say in an estimate that I got out the binoculars till I lost and out of view, it took me 2 to 3 minutes. From the other side of this object, the beam went directly to the ground; however, it was not like a searchlight or anything like that, it was just a beam of light and it seemed to me it was clearly defined. In other words, the object, when the beam went off towards the ground the object almost immediately shut off and disappeared from the northwest, out of sight on the horizon. Now as too, the description of the object, as I have already stated, it was not a meteor or anything like that, it was a clearly defined object, did not seem to be illuminated, seemed to be an actual solid objectlook like, as you say, like second glow, one second glow, the next second it was gone. It was not pulsating or anything like that, it was just a solid object that appeared. as much as you could make out, was kind of a whitish color. This object, as far as I could tell, appeared on the side, I mean it wasent visible from the other side of the object. I could only see it on this one side. I don't believe it to have any wings or rudder or anything of this kind, it was just a solid object, that's all.  In referring to the white ray that emitted from the object, I would say the best way I can describe it is this:   it was just a direct beam of light, and things, only it was quite a bit brighter. I mean it wasent hazy or anything, how, I have been told at times people have seen planes. I have ridden in helicopters, I have ridden in large planes and small planes. I have definitely not an airplane an I know an airplane. It was not weather balloon or anything to that effect. This object, as far as I could state, was just a solid object, I don't know what it was."