The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a text-based document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

What was the object?
a. Self-luminous?
b. Dull finish?
c. Reflecting?
d. Transparent?

Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Oscillated

Tell the apparent and exact sizes of the object(s) when compared to known objects or scenes.
a. Pinhead
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Basketball
f. Silver dollar
g. Orange
h. Grapefruit
i. Large

Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

How did you happen to notice the object(s)? Walking home

Where were you and what were you doing at the time you first noticed the object(s)? Walking home at night

How did the object(s) disappear from view? Disappeared behind trees

Describe the motion of the object(s) from the time you first saw it until it disappeared. Moved across sky, then disappeared behind trees

Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate.

What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch.

Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. None

If known, give time of the locality of the observation (your position, the direction from which the object(s) came, means, distance, altitude, and other landmarks within a mile).

Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? Nearby airport

Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper, date, if possible, regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.

Were you interviewed by Air Force investigators? If so, please state when, where, and by whom.

Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate.

We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This section will be completed by other responsible officials in connection to NICAP, however. If you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please indicate your preference below.