The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

probably stars or planets. The darting and swooping is a common description and results from notions of the line of sight, not from motions of the object. The increase seen not decrease seen but the big dipper. The "may dipper" mentioned elsewhere is the Pleiades; the "Little Dipper" was misidentifying to be its apparent stop, followed by motion in the opposite direction. The witness stated children our straidiance and was assured that an airplane in the landing pattern for Hammond-landing Airport, which is in that direction and was said to lights would indicate guided precisely that appearance. The witness had called the local NIKE base, and had been told, in her words, "that I needed something during this period the conversations had continued, and the sense of mystery was very real, the person was attempting to remain level-headed, but the affair was upsetting.

Mar. 5: The series of red lights, which were similar to what the investigator saw during the sightings, followed at fairly regular intervals along the southeast approach (from over Gary, Indiana) to O'Hare Field.

The series of lights in a row which later changed formation were not flights on radio-telephones which later changed. There were multiple 
planes-bag balloons of the type currently popular being illuminated from an adjacent aircraft, While no definite information about the number was obtained, it was pointed out to the witnesses that a series of balloons trailing some lights could easily be displaced from a straight line in the transition zone, after which the new arrangement would tend to remain constant. The lights going out in order of course, would correspond with the burning out of the birthday candles in approximately the order in which they were lit.

(Near the end of the interview, the witness pointed out the white starlike object that was seen for 45 minutes; it was, indeed, a starlike object. Mr. Marlowe asked at one point whether it were possible for a star to appear and disappear if clouds came in front of it). It was about at this date that Mr. Marlowe called Major (Quintanilla, and the investigator was notified and called Mrs. Marlowe.)