The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The first photograph shows a plus-shaped image with an additional, shorter crossbar to the right of center. Microscopic examination of this image reveals several features, including a "bell-shaped" trailing feature, a crossbar at the upper end of the vertical, and wider images at the tips than at the center of the horizontal crossbar, which is "not being 'stopped' by the camera shutter speed".

The second, less distinct photograph shows an aircraft-like object, with a "wing-shaped configuration" and "wing-like protrusions". A darker pattern, probably smoke or moisture, is visible. The letter also mentions various statements regarding helicopter activity.

Wright-Patterson-Maj Rademacher/SAFOICC/1J3/79C79/21 AUG 67

Dear Mr. ________________

Reference your correspondence regarding an observation and photographs of an unidentified flying object (UFO), examination of your negative reveals that such object photographed appears to be:

(1) The first photograph shows a plus-shaped image with an additional, shorter crossbar to the right of center. Microscopic examination of this image reveals several features:
a. A "bell-shaped" trailing feature
b. A crossbar at the upper end of the vertical
c. Wider images at the tips than at the center of the horizontal crossbar, which is "not being 'stopped' by the camera shutter speed"

(2) The second, less distinct photograph shows an aircraft-like object, with a "wing-shaped configuration" and "wing-like protrusions". A darker pattern, probably smoke or moisture, is visible.

(3) Various statements in your letter also suggest helicopter activity. They mention:
a. Erratic vertical movements
b. Very slow speed
c. Hovering for a 10-15-minute period

(4) The second, less distinct photograph shows an aircraft-like object, with a "wing-shaped configuration" and "wing-like protrusions". A darker pattern, probably smoke or moisture, is visible. A lower-wingend configuration, giving the appearance of a slight reduction in brightness, is visible. A darker pattern, probably the result of smoke or moisture, is visible.

Your two enclosures are returned.

SAF-OICC