The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned text document from Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and extract all the text found in the document:

9/26-27/67 - NEWTON, N.H.

SHEET THREE

sight but still could be heard for awhile. The object was still nowhere in sight but was going away as it appeared the second time suddenly. It appeared in the same spot where it had shut off its lights but as a bright fiery glow like object of a round configuration and approximately the same size as previously lighting configuration of 2 white lights and a red light. This object soon disappeared and did not reappear.

SIGHTING DATA: * - except the two white lights, when flashing, response - 

The object seen through the telescope just about took up the whole field of view during the initial pass of the object but was 10 sec closer on each pass of the object. The brightness of the object's lights varied with the observer.

The apparent brightness of the object's lights seemed to vary from as bright as a 1st mag star to as faint as nearly undetectable. The lights were like distant car lights.

The size of the lights were all described as the size of a small light, were closely grouped and appeared to be on one edge of the object.

The solid object was seen only by Gary with the telescope. The others could only see the lights through what appeared to be a dark body or shadow. The object was estimated to be about 200 yards away and about the size of a car, appearing at the level of the treetops when nearest last quarter phase.

The elevation of the object increased as the object moved closer from the first sighting. It was seen to rise slightly when making the second pass, was about the same elevation on the third pass, and appeared to be about the same elevation on the fourth pass.

Though estimates of the apparent size varied, he was asked to compare it's apparent size with the full moon, which was about 2 degrees. He estimated it was slightly smaller than the full moon.

During the sighting, it was almost impossible to see any detail. Gary did not recognize better but in the distance the dark outline he saw through the telescope.

The observer stated that the object appeared to move down as if it started to move if Francis saw the change from a white to a strange color. It started slowly then sped up greatly escaping from the observers' field of view through the telescope.

This caused the object to display only a white light and a red light. All lights shut off unexpectedly when the object was at the most distant part of its observed travel. The lights reappeared out-of-sight, before returning to the same white light configuration again.

All lights became bright and distinct again as the object came closer. Gary could always see the white lights with his unaided eye. During the whole sighting including this dimming mode, Gary could always see the flashing sequence particularly in the red light mode. 

When it flashed twice and disappeared on its last easter1y pass, the sighting area is seven countryside and in an area of complete silence.