This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Northwestern University letterhead.

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
DEPARTMENT OF ASTRONOMY
LINDHEIMER ASTRONOMICAL RESEARCH CENTER
30 November 1967

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
USAF (Retired)
Assistant Air Attache Division
Foreign Technology Division
USAF Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Dear Major:

I received a return the Burney, California case. I was not aware that this was a routine cover note for your case, but I was glad I received it. I would have made a xerox of it before bringing it with me to another meeting.

At any rate, I wrote to Mr. Ferguson, Shasta City Deputy Sheriff, to tell him that my air force officer friend would assist his for further investigation. (This is part of my regular plan.) I write to advise to go ahead and give whatever information the Deputy would like from us. If the Deputy will phone a collect call, we will be pleased to give any information available to us. 

The information had been related to us by a member of his staff in Burney, some considerable time ago. Very glad to know that this case has been forwarded to the Project Blue Book for further investigation. If this case results in any departure from the "standard" and accepted patterns, we will be most pleased to assist in any way we can with the Los Angeles group. Our observations have been rather carefully recorded and, so far as I know, have been submitted to the U.S. Air Force in their original form.

Thus, as you see, neither a good case, however, and our only chance of treating what this "little article" might be to check with the radar squadron in Budinger. Since I think it would be better if we placed a new call to them next time this I visit the Blue Book.

If anything further develops on this case, I would be pleased to receive the information. "The Information Cry" case, but I was aware, has been returned. As far as I know, I do not have any records concerning it. No additional copies of reports, etc., have been submitted with the original copies, should there be any. 

I am still interested that to a further investigation was made of the Burney case. If this case results in anything that would relate to the subject, I will most glad receive the information.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen Hynek
ASTRONOMER