The image does not contain any photographs, only text.

Transcription of the text:

FROM THE PUBLIC SAFETY SECTION
U.S. MISSION, BERLIN
(Tel 7900, 7925 and 7926)

USBER:PS:ht

PGRS-1-
Berlin, Dec 11,1967
Ext.6216

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Over the Tempelhof

1. a) Police Inspection Tempelhof - Wiesendt -
Telephone - 0845 hrs.

On Dec 9th 1967 about 0410 hrs, the Army guard at the
radar system of Marienfelde watched an unidentified object
flying at a very high altitude. The object was observed
for 15 minutes by the Army guard. The object was described
as a luminous object, higher than the IP-Luft industrial police
aircraft, without sound and with a diameter of about 6-8 meters. 
According to the Army guard, the object was followed by the radar
system till it disappeared at a high speed over the departure hall
of the airport. The object was kept under constant observation by 
the duty.

Description of the flying object: round, orange colored.

Then the unidentified flying object disappeared.
No sound coming from that object was heard. Radio operations
confirmed was informed.

b) IP-Luft - Mergener - on telephone inquiry:
Above statements are confirmed.
The flying object had the form of an average orange
flare without lights and had a diameter of about 6-8 meters. 
According to the statements of this soldier
the object was very fast and flew then away
from him towards hangar B to old control tower, where it stood.

Guards on duty of IP-Luft and Air Force police tried to
follow the unidentified flying object when they discovered, however, 
discontinued
their plan when they reached Columbiadamm, because the object flew
away in a north-western direction.

had already disappeared. Whenever the flying object was registered
by the radar systems Marienfelde, Tempelhofer and Airport Tempelhof,
and the information passed to IP-Luft, no further confirmation.
In case details will become known, Per will be informed.

c) Radio Operations Center on telephone inquiry:
The radio operations center was informed by the duty
officer of IP-Luft. Inquiries made at the police bases along the  
demarcation line and with several radio patrol cars did not confirm
the reports.