The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO Reported Over California
Are flying saucers perhaps? Well, according to the latest bulletin to arrive from the U, S. Air Force's 'Project Blue Book', there has been no evidence that any unidentified flying objects - or as they are more commonly known, UFO's - have been seen at all. 

The two men were wolf hunting on the Missouri Ozarks when they sighted a brilliant ball of light approaching them from the northwest. They watched the ball of light as it came closer until it divided into two brilliant lights that began blinking at a tremendous rate. The lights then appeared to merge into one again and shot upwards at a tremendous speed. The men said the lights were so bright they had to shield their eyes.

According to the report, the men said the lights were bright blue and then an extremely bright white. The lights were observed to be about the size of a basketball swinning at a fast rate. The men indicated that when the lights were combined they resembled a helicopter. The lights were in sight for approximately 30 minutes, and the men said that at times the lights appeared to change course, gaining and losing altitude up and down. The report stated that the men had never seen anything like this before with the exception of a helicopter. The lights were in sight within a relatively short distance of the men.

In recent weeks there have been many reports of unidentified flying objects by numerous reliable witnesses in the Missouri Ozarks. The Air Force has investigated these reports and has found the explanation to be that these lights are being used to hunt wolves at night by powerful spotlights. A request was made to the switchboard monitoring the reports to discontinue any further reports on this particular subject due to the fact that a colonel had already been assigned to investigate the matter. The colonel later stated the Air Force has strong evidence that these lights are simply high-powered spotlights being used to hunt wolves at night.

This explanation does not cover the entire incident, for the report states that the lights were seen to move at a rapid rate, and at times appeared to change course, gaining and losing altitude rapidly. This particular aspect of the incident cannot be explained by the use of powerful spotlights.