The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document where the witness is answering questions about a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? There doesn't appear to be a clear answer to this question.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? The witness circled "Yes" to indicate the object moved behind something.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? The witness circled "No" to indicate the object did not move in front of something.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a) Sound - unclear b) Color - Bright, lightning-like flash

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object of the same apparent size as the object would have been covered by the match head? There is no answer provided for this.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the things that you saw, such as wings, projections, etc., and especially outline trails or vapor trails. Please consider the instruction about not identifying any humans in images containing faces.

The OCR of the text in the document is:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? There wasn't any change in the object that I could see. 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? No

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Unclear
b. Color Bright, lightning-like flash

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object of the same apparent size as the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the things that you saw, such as wings, projections, etc., and especially outline trails or vapor trails.