There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document page. The page contains only text.

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 9

The puzzling thing about the entire case is how Mr. came to possess the photographs which were the circumstances under which the photographs were taken, and how were they contacted? Somebody must have contarted them to find out also, whether Mr. was ever known to have rough photographs in the local scores and what he has sayingabout photography himself. The reply to this as far as could be determined, was negative. If one had the time, this would make a very interesting, but not terribly significant detective story. It would suggest if any anybody made an paychy made their deperse them:

It should be pointed out that the sighting was by no means the only reported in that area. There followed quite a spate of reports, apparently all through the year, and on 23 November 9 they made a typical UFO counter, luminous body sightings. "It was big enough to drive a car behind", and it slowed down until it was thought like a cigar - shaped object round.

I believe there is a moral to be drawn from the Wellington case. Had the Altua Air Force Base reacted promptly and done a good investigation, this case would never have gotten very early on the authorities, and it particular, had found out how Mr. had come into possession of said pictures. lot of later trouble could have been saved. We still don't know how the pictures came into being.

21. 21 April 1967, Shirley, Kentucky.
The evaluation "possible aircraft" seems okay. The sighting fits a pattern of the unusual, but we do not know how much the young boys "read into" what might have been a perfectly ordinary sighting. They are familiar with UFO literature and could have given a highly preferential interpretation to their sighting. The sighting was of short duration and the telescopic sighting was 20 seconds or less, hardly enough time to make a good appraisal at a time of high excitement. We could have determined how much of this was interpretation and how much was fact.

22. 3 April 1967, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The evaluation "aircraft" on this is ludicrous. If any evidence whatever is given to the sanity and reliability of the observer, if it was an aircraft, then it deviated in the mind of the observer an entire fantasy because as the observer stated, "That does not seem similar to this object I saw." Or could even compare to it."