There is no photograph present in this image. The text appears to be a typed document discussing the quality and details of a "movie film" that was recorded of an unidentified flying object. The document discusses the limitations of the film footage in capturing the true shape and details of the observed object, as well as potential ways to enhance the footage through techniques like composite printing and computer processing. The document also mentions the investigator's request to turn the film over to the Air Force for further analysis.

Printing one frame on top of another, a composite image may gradually be built up in which random variations due to atmospheric effects and grain can be averaged out, and a better idea obtained as to the true shape of the object.

Patrolman Fisher says that he saw the object visually when it was closer than in the pictures, and that both then and later it was far clearer visually than in the final movie: he was considerably disappointed in the quality of the film results. The first object appeared oval, with a dark underside and highlights on a metallic-looking body. The second object was similar but showed no dark underside. Judging from the atmospheric effects in the movie film, it is difficult to see how a visual observation could have shown any more detail, at least during the time the movie was made, because the image quite plainly is being strongly affected, and this could not be improved by visual observation. Of course the eye can perform averaging processes which film cannot, but by the same token the eye can inject information into an incomplete picture which is not really there.

It is highly advisable to attempt to bring out more detail from the films, by making composite prints and even by converting the pictures into density readings and processing the information by computer. The investigator had offers for the film from television networks and by magazines; he is still undecided as to what to do. Understandably he would like to take advantage of any such offers - as a patrolman, his salary is not stupendous - and in addition he feels that he has a duty to let the public know what he saw. The investigator requested that after he finished these arrangements, the film be turned over to the Air Force, to Northwestern.