The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of Astronomy at Northwestern University, dated April 8, 1968, regarding a UFO sighting on July 31, 1967 in Indianapolis, Indiana.

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
DEPARTMENT OF ASTRONOMY
LINDHEIMER ASTRONOMICAL RESEARCH CENTER

8 April 1968

FTID (TDEPT)
Research and Aerial Phenomena Division
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Attn: TDPT (UFO)
Subj: UFO Sighting, 31 July 1967, Indianapolis, Indiana
To: Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr. 

1. If I have looked at this case once I have certainly looked at it more than a dozen times. Each time I looked at it I have put it down with a sense of frustration. Perhaps the reason that our discussion report must come to this same conclusion is that in the first place we do not have enough good data to go on. Of course, we do not know - even so, the frustration certain could be listed only in terms of perhaps having been more than a shade overly hopeful that this case would give us some sort of solution and in the expenditure of time and money.

2. Mr. Hector B. No.: 2, from whom the case comes in, made a good, half year after the sighting and apparently made in a hurry and certainly not comparing in thoroughness to details to this evidence of that coming in from out witnesses in this case. Was this the case?

3. The attached table compares some basic items in the various reports. In the direction of travel path there appears to be only one major discrepancy. As far as duration is concerned, the Battson II report says both ten minute and ten seconds. The former disagreeing with previous reports. The only mention of moonlight is to ask the students whether there was moonlight or not on the first day of their vacation (last year). I doubt that any would remember that so I do not make much of it.

There is general agreement on certain parameters. There is no mention of any unusual sound or other sensations that might have accompanied the sighting. The only mention of physiological effects is to ask the students whether there was any nausea or in the manner of disappearance of the objects.