The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)  Yes   No 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)  Yes   No

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)  a. Inside a building  b. In a car  c. Outdoors  d. In an airplane (type)  e. At work  f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)  a. In the business section of a city?  b. In the residential section of a city?  c. In open country/side?  d. Near an airfield?  e. Flying over a city?  f. Flying over open country?  g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)  a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?  _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)  Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No  e. Binoculars  Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No  f. Telescope  Yes   No
c. Windshield  Yes  No  g. Theodolite  Yes   No
d. Window screen  Yes  No  h. Other ____________

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or shape which, when placed up to the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
The object was sort of round or oval shaped. It appeared to be very high in the sky and was reflecting the sunlight or a brilliant reddish-orange color. It seemed to be moving slowly and silently across the sky. It was about the size of a dinner plate held at arm's length. It stayed in sight for over 5 minutes. The object did not appear to do any unusual maneuvers but just continued at a steady pace until it went out of sight.