Based on the information provided, there does not appear to be a photograph or image present in the shared document. The document appears to be a page from a UFO report form from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce and output all the text found in the document:

10. Did you observe the object(s) through any of the following? (Circle) Include information on type of equipment:
a. eyeglasses
b. sunglasses
c. windshield
d. window-sash
e. movie camera 
f. binoculars
g. telescope
h. theodolite
i. still camera
j. other

11. Was object(s) observed by radar? No(?) If so, where was the radar location? (Give name(s) of radar operator(s) and information on speed and flight path(s), if available.)

12. Means describe weather conditions and type of sky: 1/2 bright daylight, lightning, dusk, rain. Warm stars or moon visible? Night

13. Was there any wind? No If so, please give direction and speed as accurately as you can.

14. What was the position of the sun and/or the moon in relation to object(s) and to you? (Please explain.)
None

15. Briefly describe the type of terrain in the area.
See narrative and sketch

16. Did you see any conventional aircraft in the area immediately before, during, or after the incident? No

17. Please list any airports, military, governmental, or research installation(s) in the area. Are there any other known objects, missiles or satellites in the vicinity? Yes If so, please describe.
Ravine and River

18. Sketch or include a map of the area, marking north, your position, the apparent course or position(s) of object(s) and other relevant landmarks. (Please use separate piece of paper for sketch and attach to this report.)
DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S)

19. Were you able to see the object(s) clearly? Please describe any limiting factors.
No

20. Did you see more than one object? No If so, how many? Make a sketch showing formation and position changes.

21. Did the object(s) all appear to be similar to one another? NA If not, describe the differences in question 22.
22. Please give a detailed description of the object(s), including shape, color, lights, surface features (if any), etc.
Color = Orange-Red
Description = Size of a dollar bill, two bowls placed face to face standing on end.