There is no photograph present in this image. The text provided appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book containing a detailed account of an incident involving the observation of unidentified lights over a bridge. The text describes the witness's experience of taking photographs and observing the objects as they moved over the bridge.

The text of the document is as follows:

he said he would go ahead and forward them to Lt Conaway. Col Quintanilla told Mr.  he could mark the originals in any manner he wished so that he could readily identify them as being the originals, especially since the Air Force has been accused, in the past, of not having returned the originals to observers. Mr.  said he would not mark them since he had viewed them many times and was very familiar with the photographs. Mr.  tried to stress the fact that they were not cranks but were professional personnel, and are not looking for publicity. Col Quintanilla informed Mr.  that the analysis would take 6 to 8 weeks, may be longer, may be shorter. It all depended upon the fact that the photo analysis personnel must work on the Southeast Asia work first. Mr.  said this would be okay as long as they had complete access to the analysis that would be accomplished. Mr.  then said he wanted to briefly explain the photographs. We were traveling to Washington to take photographs of Resurrection City. In advertising we are always taking photographs and we have a whole roomful of pictures, thus the reason for the camera. Leaving New Jersey around 6 pm, the sun was getting into a beautiful sky and the sun was getting into it. I had the camera outside the car window and we were traveling approximately 65 mph. I was simply snapping away. My vision was quite limited since we were in a small sports car. I continued to take pictures while we crossed the bridge. It was not until after the photographs had been developed and we were sitting in the projection room that we say a series of very bright lights that were over the bridges. We just stopped and looked at them. There were two here and two there. I have a pilots license and have never seen anything like this before. Then then put the next photo on the screen. This shows the UFO objects passing over the bridge, and perhaps it is 25-300 ft above this bridge. These objects were disc shaped, with son distinctive markings. The next photo shows them leaving the bridge, going south, following the path of the river. I had decreased the lens.