There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. However, the image contains a letter from the Harvard College Observatory addressed to Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla USAF, Chief Aerial Phenomena Branch, Department of the Air Force.

OCR Text:
HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
60 GARDEN STREET
CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS 02138

CABLE ADDRESS "OBSERVATORY"

AREA CODE 617 eel 7600 

December 4, 1968

Lt. Colonel, Hector Quintanilla USAF
Chief Aerial Phenomena Branch,
Department of the Air Force 
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Dear Hector:

Thank you very much for your letter of November 29. I am indeed glad that you agree with my evaluation of the Hynek case. I simply cannot see how in the world Hynek could have concluded otherwise. 

I would completely agree further with your statement that there is no such thing as a reliable human observer. Not even myself! I consider it something of an honor to have my name turned into an adjective - And I am pleased that you recognize the validity of the Menzelian approach. There are a few items of my philosophy which you have probably absorbed from our correspondence, but which I do not think that I have previously stated clearly. 

First of all, I feel that each case has to be treated completely separately. Even in the event of half a dozen sightings from the same night from the same area, the chances are quite high that each case observer will have seen something entirely different. And, to try to relate them and put them into a single pattern renders this why I do not go for the concept of "pattern approach."

In the early days - and even now - far too many of the Air Force sightings are listed as "unknowns." First of all, there should have been a special category implying "incomplete or faulty data." For most of the true unknowns cannot be solved because of that defect. And I still think that the Air Force questionnaire, though improved by the suggestions of mine that they did not accept, is still incomplete.