The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of text from the document:

"HEADQUARTERS of ASTRONAUTICS, July, '68

This section of the office has lately received from various sources information concerning UFOs or "flying saucers". From time to time we receive such reports, but usually they are of a nature not to warrant any official investigation or action. Most of the reports received recently, however, deal with a rather large number of such objects over the Northeastern United States, and we feel that a brief report on the nature of these recent reports would be of interest.

These reports, which have come in steadily over the past eight years, generally describe circular or disc-shaped objects, some of which have been observed to land and take off again. In a few instances, the objects have been seen to emit beams of light, apparently for illumination purposes, and in one case, the object was reported to have extended some form of appendage.

Some of these objects have been observed by military and civilian personnel, and in a few cases photographs have been taken, which have been submitted to higher authorities. We have received the reports that these photographs are inconclusive and do not prove the existence of "flying saucers". The objects described, when seen, seem to move with considerable speed and maneuverability, often in an erratic fashion that would be difficult to duplicate with any known type of aircraft.

While these reports are of interest, it is felt that no immediate or drastic action is warranted at this time. The matter will be kept under constant surveillance, and any developments of a more tangible nature will be promptly reported. For the present, it is considered that the reported objects, while unusual, do not present any immediate threat, and our present investigations indicate that they are probably of a natural phenomenon not yet fully understood, rather than indications of any hostile intent or action."