The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the University of Arizona Lunar and Planetary Laboratory.

Text from the document:

THE UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA
TUCSON, ARIZONA 85721
LUNAR AND PLANETARY LABORATORY

Mr. Philip J. Klass
Senior Avionics Editor
McGraw-Hill Publications
Washington, D.C. 20004

DEAR MR. KLASS:

It is with great pleasure that I read your interesting letter of December 20, 1968. I would like to congratulate you, as you are involved in a case of possibly a case of scientific importance: the entrance of a large meteor into the atmosphere.

Some fifteen years ago I became involved in theoretical and experimental research in the field of atmospheric entry phenomena. As a result of these studies, I became intrigued by plasmoids (ball lightning) occurring in nature.

In answer to an implied question in your letter, I would like to offer a few of the thoughts that have occurred to me regarding the phenomena that may be associated with the entrance of meteors through the atmosphere.

Among the great number of ball lightnings reported over the last few years were many that diameters up to several meters and with an observed lifetime of tens of minutes. In many cases the reports indicate the absence of thunder, storm conditions or even clouds in the area.

It is more than difficult to construct a model of a plasmoid or electrical discharge that is like as more minutes if we assume that it is created from magnetic hydrodynamic processes of our atmosphere only. However, the entry of a large meteor into the wake of a meteor is sufficient to cause complete ionization, whereas the plasma produced by a lightning strike is only partially ionized.

The volume of the plasma produced in the deceleration zone and augmented by the strong magnetic fields associated with the motion of the large meteor is greater than the volume of plasma generated by a lightning discharge. This, together with the high velocity of the large plasma leads to the shedding of large plasma episodic in the shockzone.

The passage of meteors through the atmosphere has been observed to generate strong electromagnetic fields. (On the twenty-four occasions a meteor entry in the Southwest had been observed, it was followed within 5 minutes by an electromagnetic transient such as might cause a given plasma eddy to be established into a plasmoid. It might also provide the force lines along which high voltage arcs might occur.)