The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
5 March 1968
Subject: UFO Observation, 3 March 1968.
It Marano spoke with Captain Shea, SAFOP at 1300 hours regarding release of information on the UFO report of 3 March. Captain Shea informed Lt Marano that the whole question on the release of the information on this sighting was coming more and more complicated.
He said that NORAD is reluctant to say that this is a piece of ZOND -4. NORAD won't buy the fact that it is positively ZOND-4. Kitchens from NORAD doesn't want to say this. Lt Marano informed Capt Shea that Lt Earlett had said "We are quite certain that this is a piece of debris from the USSR launch ZOND-4 which is the most recent launch. It, the debris, was about 16 minutes ahead of the main pieces of the launch. We have no visuals, but are putting ground tracers on it. Al Waters, from SAO, had reports from Australia, Kentucky," Shea said he could say that to DOD.
He says they are having problems with NASA and Kitchens. Lt Marano gave Capt Shea the following short brief description that could be used in place of the previous release given to Shea earlier today.
"On March 3, 1968, between 9:45 and 9:50 pm, EST, numerous observers in the Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, West Virginia and Pennsylvania area sighted several objects which appeared to have orangish-red tails. The majority of the observers stated that there were three objects traveling in a northeast direction. These objects were sighted by numerous ground observers and also by several aircraft pilots. Indianapolis FAA Center was notified at the time of the sighting but did not make any objects on radar that could be correlated to the UFOs. The Space Detection Center reported that they were certain that the sightings were the result of the decay of space debris into the earth's atmosphere, and it is believed that these objects may have originated from the Soviet Union."