The shared image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
NORTON AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA (CSHC)

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: G63 (OFF)                                       13 Feb 68

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report (UFO)

TO: FTD
Wright Patterson AFB Ohio

1. Sunday, 4 Feb 68, at approximately 1930 PST the Norton AFB Dispatch
Station of Base Operations received a phone call concerning a UFO.
The woman's description was very incoherent. Furthermore she would
not supply her address or telephone number. Due to the nature of the
telephone conversation the dispatcher could only ignore the incident
and the two officers who was notified.

2. The first indication of a UFO sighting received by this activity
was from a Mr John Ahrens of the University of Colorado. Mr Ahrens
called on Friday, 9 Feb, and asked if an investigation had been
initiated by our activity. I told him that we were unaware of the
sighting. Mr Ahrens a professor at the University of Colorado,
said the University of Redlands, Redlands, California, Dr Seff works
in the Unmanned Spacecraft System employed by the University of Colorado. I immediately contacted Dr Seff and was informed
that the had implicated an investigation action by Dr Krauss and Dr Sanderson
also of the University of Redlands. They had interviewed the children
(2 girls and a boy) of the same family and a Mr Caff. All the witnesses
stated the same general form and findings. Their investigation was concluded by the following:

4. The UFO sighting was not caused by a conventional aircraft.
They did not rule out the possibility of a helicopter. If there had been one
in the area.

5. The loud whirring sound associated with the UFO was similar to
the sound used on the TV show the "Invaders". The sound caused many dogs
in the area to bark.

6. Mr Caff, a witness, disclosed that he had a tingling
sensation during the sighting that caused the hair on his body to stand
on end. Dr Seff suggested that this description implied the presence of
some sort of electromagnetic force.

Dr Seff is now attempting to contact additional witnesses. The results
of his investigation will be forwarded to the University of Colorado.