The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

I was appointed investigating officer on the afternoon of 19 June 1968 for a UFO sighting that occurred on a farm approximately 10 miles SSE of Clinton Sherman Air Force Base that belongs to Mr. [redacted] of Rill City, Okla. Mrs. [redacted], son [redacted] and his cousin [redacted] witnessed the sighting while they were unloading hay from a truck into a barn behind the farmhouse. Information received by [redacted] at this station approximately 1530 hours 19 June.

I made contact at 0800 hours the 20th with LSGT woods, Officer of Clinton-Sherman AFB Base Operations and obtained assistance in calling local agencies dealing with aircraft and surrounding air bases. Mr. [redacted] of Hobart Radio Flight Service Station was talked to and he said he had a Piper Aztec at 4,500' at 1603Z over Hobart on V272 to Oklahoma City VOR. ALG base from Base Operations at Altus AFB related he had no traffic in the area operational between 0930Z and 1000Z on the 19th. Dr. [redacted] at Fort Sill Operations says he had no traffic in the area at the time of the sighting and was asked specifically if he had helicopters operating...answer negative.

Mr. [redacted] and Mr. [redacted] on duty in Operations at Tinker AFB, OKLA. at the time said there was no traffic in our vicinity at the time of the sighting. A weather synopsis was made by Clinton-Sherman Weather and is attached as well as the report from the Radar Center. At approximately 1000 hours the 20th, I made a field survey with Disaster Control of the sight and interviewed the 2 individuals and took the attached photos of the area. Disaster Control found no radioactivity after they returned to base and calibrated their instruments which were the GEIGER counter and then proceeded to the sight. A copy was sent out to flight Patterson on the afternoon of the 20th and this follows the formal investigation is forwarded for further analysis at your discretion. I can determine no cause for the sighting with information I have correlated.