The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The text describes the UFO as appearing to be a Polaroid print of a sighting, with details about the object's size, altitude, and movement. It also mentions other eyewitness accounts and observations.

It would be convenient if one could take out the possibility that it was merely a reflection of his local person. Unfortunately, this is not possible. The United States as a whole was interested in this, as discussed by the major journals of the day, and if the 60,000 ft. altitude was correct, an object at this attitude would be at least 10 miles across. .

show appeared Polaroid prints of the sighting, a circular luminous object with a flat bottom which sent out a beam of light from its edge. 10-15 feet in diameter, the object was at an altitude of 60,000 ft., with an estimated size of at least 10 miles across. No speed or exact altitude is unknown, it could not be used to exclude a reflection or distortion.

instead, I contacted a number of eyewitnesses and, without any mention of any photograph, obtained the following reports:

Here is a summary of their observations:

Objects (lens) appeared to be travelling straight up and down at a fast speed, remained in view for approximately 10 minutes. Estimate altitude was 60,000 to 70,000 ft. Estimate size (image) of the object was 30 to 50 feet in diameter. The object increased in size and reappeared from view at an elevation of 20 degrees. (Estimated.)

The western sky which was unobstructed, followed by a bright red ball of fire with a yellow flame tail. The initial object disappeared and was followed by a silent explosion and disintegration.

Reply to my letter: Observer was on ground in Atlantic; "I stood there with several others looking up in the eastern sky. We saw a small group of bright, fiery, colorful objects. They seemed to be travelling faster than any jet planes we have seen." The objects remained in the clouds for at least 10 minutes and then faded.

Reply to my letter: Ground observer in Atlantic: "I sighted several objects in the sky. They were golden in color and much larger than any jet aircraft I have ever seen. She drew a sketch."