The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an excerpt from a Project Blue Book document. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

Cape Neddick
Maine 
April 18, 1968

Project Blue Book Information Office
3535 X Street, N.W.
Washington, D. C. 20330

Gentlemen:

About 10:30 the night of April 14, 1968, there was a total eclipse of the moon near Cape Neddick, Maine. We were sitting on our lawn about 80 yards from our house, which stands about 80 yards from U.S. Highway 1, at about 10:45 p.m. facing south. There was a thin sliver of light on the moon from about 10:30 to 11:00, at which time the eclipse was total. 
We saw what appeared to be a cluster or red, blinking lights across the road from us. This object was emitting a pulsing, humming sound that seemed to come from it. It just hovered above the trees for about 15 minutes. There was no sound and no trail. From our view, we could see what appeared to be a cluster of red, blinking lights across the road from us. It just hovered above the trees for about 15 minutes. There was no sound and no trail. From our view, we could see what appeared to be a cluster of red, blinking lights across the road from us.

In front, (on the head-on side) we could see what seemed to be the middle of something, as if a door or window was slightly ajar. The almost complete darkness caused by the eclipse made the object stand out very distinctly.

A particularly looked for alternating red and green lights like a small airplane, but saw nothing moving. The object took less than a minute to pass out of sight. The object took less than a minute to pass out of sight.

We are not qualified to judge distance, but the object seemed to be hovering about 600 feet above the ground. As near as I could tell, the one person, who does not wish to be identified, saw the object very distinctly and it passed overhead within the same time.

The initial draft of this report was written within 12 hours of the sighting.

This report is being sent simultaneously to NICAP.

My niece and I specifically request that our names not be made public.

Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]