The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 May 1968
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

The first sighting was first seen by my friend while driving to my place to pick me up. After I got into the car, we drove down to the quite well-frozen-over something where we could not get a better look at it across the lake to the northeast. We watched it about five minutes there. It appeared in the day-light which we thought at must be a star, and at about 300 yards away. It first saw it while we were driving up to the lakeshore. 
After watching it for about five minutes, and the driver turned down the highway going east instead of going to our destination. About one-half mile east of Walker, we stopped the car and turned off the highway. I noticed all during this time no other traffic or persons of any kind either in the village or on the road and looked for the bright object and it was then it seemed much bigger than before. Though the brightness of the object prevented us from seeing the shape clearly, it showed there was a vaguely horizontal shape. After we felt it was not a star. Possibly it was translucent, and we felt it was not a star. Possibly 45-50 feet in diameter.
After watching it for that length of time and that location, we decided we were getting late and left there and drove back into Walker and to our destination, which was in the residential area. I could not see the object while we were driving back, going west and south. There was no traffic on the highway as we were driving, thus could not made a mental note of it.
When we arrived at our destination, I stepped out of the car first and looked up into the sky to sight the object again. This time I saw an object, somewhat brighter and bigger than before, and seemingly horizontal and translucent. but it was more with the sky and to the east, or possibly slightly southeast, not directly overhead, but I had to look up from the car. The object was high, but different in appearance to the car. There were no lights on it and could not see it clearly, but it had the twinkling of an eye to about a 60° angle to the north quite distinctly. There was no tail, no smoke, and nothing there after it vanished. I could not estimate the speed, unless it seemed very far away, and my eyes followed it all the way across the sky, getting smaller and smaller until it vanished. It in vanished after perhaps 15 seconds. I looked about half a minute or a little more, and about 600-700 feet up. The path was not straight, but as if it made a slight curve. I should estimate high speed, about 500 mph. The object was not very bright, but as are some st3rs. It was not flashing or winking, but was steadily shining, with no flame or anything else showing in front of it. It sped from south to north. It was in the northeastern part of the sky when it vanished.