The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with various questions and answer fields.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes, apparently the witness could estimate the speed of the object.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes, the witness could estimate the distance to the object.
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? The options provided include "inside a building", "in a car", "outdoors", "in an airplane (type)", "at sea", and "other".
23. Were you (the witness) in the business section of a city, the residential section of a city, in open countryside, near an airfield, flying over a city, or flying over open country?
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, the questions include direction of motion and speed.
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: eyeglasses, sunglasses, binoculars, telescope, theodolite, or window glass?
26. The witness is asked to describe in their own words what they saw, to provide a clear picture of the object they observed.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1725 MPH
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approximately 5 to 10 miles
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 75 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle One) 
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sunglasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Theodolite Yes No
f. Window glass Yes No
g. Other
26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common description of the object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: Very bright, round object, approximately 2 to 5 feet in diameter, traveling at an extremely high rate of speed, of which I would estimate to be 1725 miles per hour, was observed for approximately 5 to 10 seconds before it disappeared from my view.