There does not appear to be any photograph or image included in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The image consists of textual information describing various weather maps and charts that are part of this publication.

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE/Environmental Science Services Administration/Environmental Data Service
DAILY WEATHER MAPS
WEEKLY SERIES JUNE 24-30, 1968
The charts in this publication are a continuation of the principal charts of the Weather Bureau publication, Daily Weather Map. They include the Surface Weather Map, the 500-Millibar Chart, the Highest and Lowest Temperatures Chart, and the Daily Precipitation Chart. All of the charts for one day are arranged on a single page of this publication. They are copied from operational weather maps prepared by the National Meteorological Center, Weather Bureau.
The Surface Weather Map and the 500-Millibar Chart are the same as those used previously in the Daily Weather Map. An explanatory sheet is available, and may be obtained by writing to: Environmental Science Services Administration, Publications Section, AD 142, Rockville, Maryland 20852.
The Surface Weather Map presents station data and the analysis for 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. Areas of precipitation are indicated by shading. The weather reports that are printed here are only a fraction of those that are included in the operational weather reports on which the analyses are based. Occasional departures between the printed station data and the analyses result from those stations reports that cannot be included in the published maps because of lack of space.
The 500-Millibar Chart presents the height contours and temperature isotherms of the 500-millibar surface at 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. The height contours are shown as continuous lines, and are labeled in feet above sea level. The temperature isotherms are shown as dashed lines, and are labeled in degrees Celsius. The arrows show the wind direction and speed at the 500-millibar level.
The Highest and Lowest Temperatures Chart presents the maximum and minimum values for the 24-hour period ending at 1:00 a.m. e.s.t. The names of the reporting points can be obtained from the Surface Weather Map. The maximum temperature is plotted above the station location, and the minimum temperature is plotted below this point.
The Precipitation Areas and Amounts Chart indicates by means of shading the areas that had precipitation during the 24 hours ending at 1:00 a.m. Amounts in inches to the nearest hundredths of an inch are for the same period. (Incomplete totals are underlined. "T" indicates a trace of precipitation. Dashed lines show the depth of snow on the ground in inches as of 7:00 a.m. of the previous day.)