The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report.

Transcribed text from the document:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

Sept. 22, 1968

FOR THE RECORD: THE CASE OF AUG. 15, 1968

I have just finished talking with ___ and Mr. and Mrs. ___ all of Yellow Springs. It took nearly an hour to get all the details, and I have it all on tape, but a synopsis of the case is simply this:

___ was coming home from a Xenia, Ohio, driving a convertible with the tops down, when she became aware of a bright light directly overhead. It puzzled her at first but then she decided it was not the moon, as it looked too small. She could not identify it as the moon, and it caused her some anxiety, so she mentioned it to her husband, who was driving. He then also noticed the light and, according to their story, it was the size of a basketball and was bright white. They said that it seemed to be oscillating up and down and back and forth.

As they approached Yellow Springs, the light followed them and went directly over their car. Their story is that it gave off a point or two of light near the center and seemed to be spinning. The central part seemed to be blinding. She was some three miles from home but covered the distance in a little under ten minutes. However, her husband said that the light kept up with the car and was really not that far above them.

When they got nearer to home, the light suddenly disappeared, but they said that just before it did, there seemed to be a sudden dimming of the light, rather like the blinking of a light. Two did, and their first impression was that it was the moon, except that it was so bright and so close that it seemed definitely not to be the moon.

A student at the Fenn in populations systems etc. was passing by in the area at the time and saw the light. He said that he thought at first it was an aircraft but when he looked closer he could not identify it as such. He realized that they were not staying on a straight course but were maneuvering in a way that an aircraft could not do. He said that he watched it for some minutes but then it just disappeared from sight. The object or glow was now low on the horizon. It was, he said, like a full moon shining through a mist and definitely not like an aircraft. Later on that evening, there was a bank of clouds in the eastern sky, which happens quite often in that area. But unless we discount the testimony of all four, and would put down their story as fantasy, we would have to conclude that an object of some kind passed over their car and was seen by at least one other observer. The central part seemed to be blinding, and Mrs. ___ said that she was not conscious of any sound. The angular elevation in the sky, the eastward motion when it did move away, and the steady maintenance of object when it did seem to disappear behind the clouds, all tend to identify it as the moon. Is stretching the evidence, and by harrantied. The fact that not one of the four saw the rising quarter moon horizon may have been obscured. It seems unlikely to me that all four, who hardly agreed on the details, would have been deceived as to the identity of the object. One thing is certain - the central part seemed to be blinding, and this was noticed by all.