The image does not contain any photographs, only text and charts. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract and output all the text found in the document:

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE/Environmental Science Services Administration/Environmental Date Service

DAILY WEATHER MAPS 

WEEKLY SERIES SEPT. 23-29, 1968

The charts in this publication are a continuation of the principal charts of the Weather Bureau publication, Daily Weather Map. They include the Surface Weather Map, the Altitude Chart, the Highest and Lowest Temperature Chart, and the 500-Millibar Chart. All of the charts for one day are presented on a single page of this publication. They are copied from operational weather maps prepared by the National Meteorological Center, Weather Bureau. The symbology used on the Surface Weather Map and the 500-Millibar Chart are the same as those pre- viously used on the Daily Weather Map. An explanatory sheet is available, and single copies may be obtained without charge by writing to: Environmental Science Services Administration, Public Documents Office, AD 143, Rockville, Maryland 20852. Bulk copies may also be ordered, at a cost of $2.30 per 50 copies. Checks should be made payable to the Superintendent of Documents.

The Surface Weather Map presents conditions at the surface of the earth as shown by dashed lines, and are labeled in degrees Celsius. The arrows show the wind direction and speed at the 500-millibar level. The Highest and Lowest Temper- ature Chart presents the maximum and minimum values for the 24-hour period ending at 1:00 a.m., e.s.t. The names of the reporting points can be obtained from the Surface Weather Map. The maximum temperature is plotted above the station location, and the minimum temperature is plotted below this point.

The Precipitation Area and Amounts Chart indicates by means of shading the areas that had precipitation during the 24 hours ending at 1:00 a.m. Amounts in inches to the nearest hundredth of an inch are for the same period. Incomplete totals are under- lined. "T" indicates a trace of precipi- tation. Dashed lines show the depth of snow on the ground in inches as of 7:00 a.m. of the previous day.