There does not appear to be any photograph or image included in this document. The document appears to be a typed text describing a personal account or report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the full text found in the document:

in My or Beverly Briloy Home, which was about 4:45 PM Central Standard time.
At this time, I was served about 1 1/2 oz. bourbon whiskey, ice and water. I sipped this drink from an "old fashioned type glass" until about 5:30 when my glass was replenished with the second serving of bourbon whiskey. This second drink did not look as strong as the first. At the dinner table, about 6:00 PM, I started sipping one wine glass full of rather dry wine. We began our dinner.

During dinner, I sipped down the second helping of the same wine. I enjoyed a HUGE DINNER. We remained seated around the dinner table engaged in conversation. Around 7:00 o'clock, I was served an After Dinner drink -- (Irish or Scotch Mist, I think they called it). Since then, I have not bothered to ask questions concerning amounts or brands of liquor served to me. A little while later, from the same tiny glass, I drank another After dinner drink of another brand. It was sweet tasting, not potent, and definitely was not "absinthe".

I FELT MENTALLY AND PHYSICALLY ALERT BY 8:45 PM !!!

As to my mentality, I would say that I was at least, a good average, being that I graduated in the top 1/4 level of my high school class. I attended 2 years of college before marrying_____

I am 47 years old and my vision is nearly 20-20 at a distance. (I need glasses for close viewing only.) Nashville, Tenn.

I have been taking Art lessons since Summer 1957. (Art lessons to each persons to be keener observers.)

In the 1940s, I became Girl Scout leader and served in that capacity for 8 or 9 yrs. I was also Girl Scout Neighborhood Chm. for Hillwood School, Nashville, for a number of years. I was a Nashville District Chm., Girl Scouts (volunteer work) and also served on the Nashville Girl Scout Council.

Around 1959, I became Den Mother to a Cub Scout Den and served in that capacity for 3 years.