There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a transcript of a conversation or document related to a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

Well, that was good.
And he did come up with two coon hunters, two people that were coon hunting nearby, that did observe this strange light, for possibly an hour. Well, I wish we could get hold of them.
Now, I can give you the name of one of these hunters, but I'm not sure I have his address. His name is Bryan Glass and he was hunting nearby and from the reports that I've been able to get, by the grapevine from him, he says that they watched this object for approximately an hour and that it moved up and then it would go down; it would go straight across for a while and it would rise and fall again.
You know, it would be tremendously helpful if you could find the time somehow to talk to them and without telling him too much about what you saw, make sure in your own mind that he did really see the same thing, because this would give us an additional witness, here, which would be very important. Not that I, in any sense, doubt your word, but it always helps if you have an additional witness.
I do have his address. It is [redacted].
Well, suppose I write to him, but also I would like very much for you to tell him that I'm going to write to him, and try to get an independent statement from him so that, so he doesn't merely repeat something that you tell him, so to speak, you see what I mean.
Right, I won't give him any more of my details than absolutely necessary.
Right, and if you wish, say that you're doing this for me and for the Air Force, and I'd sort of like to make you my deputy, so to speak, and if you would be kind enough to do this, I would appreciate it.
I would like very much to say this, if any where in this particular area many sightings take place, you might be able to locate other witnesses, so to speak, for the benefit of our records. And I would appreciate it very much if you could do this for me.