The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Harvard College Observatory letterhead.

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS 02138

November 11, 1968

Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla, Jr., USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Department of the Air Force
Hq Aerospace Technology Division (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Dear Hector:

I enclose herewith an all-too-lengthy evaluation of the Yellow Springs case. I have labeled it, to show in detail, where, how, and why, I differ in my conclusions from those of Hynek. You are at liberty to send him a copy and I enclose an extra copy for you, in case you wish to do so.

It occurs to me that you are fairly near Yellow Springs. Why don't you give the photo taken at the phone booth a casual going-over? She has it, and it might shed light following leading, or for both? Do you wear bi-focals, tri-focals, contact lenses? Were you wishing your glasses on the evening? Does your driver's license specify that you should wear these glasses? (This is a question designed to show whether or not she might be lying as to whether she had them on or not). Can she give you the correction she has? Her statement is the most important. But you might even find out about the other three, if convenient. Actually, I think it is hardly worth it, but I would be willing to bet that she has some rational limitation of vision trouble. Another thing to ascertain would be when she had her glasses last corrected.

I would, by all means, take this sighting off of the list of "unknowns." I don't think you've got enough unknowns on your list already, a 90% - and I would make this 99% - identifiable. Why not simply take "sighting" of hers and let the cases that you have closed up - one of them, I recall, is the so-called "dogfight" case of Oct. 1, 1948 at Roanoke, N.D. and my analysis of it in our book is, beyond all question, correct. Yet Hynek has substantially restricted, simply because he has never conceded the ability of stars near the horizon to give the illusion of a "dog fight." By the same token, he has never been happy, apparently, about such phenomena as sundogs and associated apparitions. It would be interesting for you to make a quick foray to check on those last three items, if you have the time. Please give my regards to Hynek.

Sincerely yours,
(Signed) Leo Dondero