There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image provided. The image shows a page from what appears to be an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

Ballistic Reentry of 1966 March 3

On this date at approximately 5:48 p.m. E.S.T., a brilliant object appeared to descend rapidly, emitting a bright-blue trail, to the horizon northwest of Northeastern University, Boston, Mass. The object was observed by a large number of people, including members of the faculty and student body. The observer is first a retired man, a college professor who has had several previous sightings. Due to this report, a number of other people came forward to furnish their observations. The observer is familiar with the phenomenon of satellite and meteor visibility, but he is convinced that this object was neither a satellite nor a meteor. The object appeared to descend vertically to the horizon, and its brightness and speed of descent were such as to make it clearly distinguishable from any known phenomenon. Only after some prolonged observation did the object appear to change its rate of descent, exhibiting some oscillating motion. This oscillating motion seemed to indicate a stabilization or check of its course of descent, suggesting some type of controlled maneuvering. By the time the object reached the horizon, its brightness had diminished considerably, and it appeared to blend into the haze. The reports from witnesses describe this object as appearing to "land" on or near the horizon, but it is not clear whether this was an actual landing or simply a disappearance from view.

The Air Force explanatory report on this incident, which was submitted to the Northeastern University, Boston, Mass., stated that the object was probably a meteor or satellite. However, the observers insist that the object was not a meteor or satellite, and they contend that it exhibited characteristics not typical of either of these phenomena. The observers believe that the object was some type of aircraft or vehicle under intelligent control, although they do not claim to know its origin or purpose.