The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document.

The text from the document is as follows:

what I put down on the thing because I wasn't really quite sure if anyone would believe it should actually happen... I just put down what my in-laws saw...because when I told the sheriff all this he thought I was some sort of nut...I gave him all this moment over my motor car.

Hynek: Let's forget the moon for the moment and think more in terms of the actual actions: where were you as the time and where you coming home from?

I was coming home from Xenia and I was on _________Road.

Yes. I definitely spotted it somewhat over my car but I really was not aware that it seemed to be following the car. I was more aware of what it was doing beside the car. It seemed to follow the car about 12 feet up ahead. It seemed stationary. I thought this it's that far above why is it just following my lights.

Hynek: When you say up above, where was it in the sky?

It seemed like it could have been maybe 300 feet above my car, but I can't know. The angle was straight above and it looked like a solid disc and it had a movement.

Hynek: You say straight above. You mean part way or really straight above?

Just about straight above as it seemed to be following the lights. Because when I turned out the lights and I went ahead of it it was still stationary there. I left the car with the lights on & it remained there and then came to look for me - and then it seemed to all of a sudden get smaller and it went over to the back of the farm and I saw it there and it left a small and it had somewhat a noise to it. Mr._____said the small was like that of the German planes of World War II.

Hynek: I'd like to get more of the description of the actual object, and let the person make clear in their own words of what it seemed like to them. What would you choose to put up there that would most closely resemble what you saw?

Well, I would say most likely when it's directly overhead, a plate - a plate that was moving very rapidly because this had that glint of something glow around it.