This image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a typed document or report from the Project Blue Book investigation of a UFO sighting in Cochrane, Wisconsin on April 4, 1968.

OCR Text Output:

4 Apr 1968
Cochrane, Wisconsin

On 4 Apr 1968 at about 8:15 p.m. CST, the observer and her young son were driving on Route 35 about 18 miles south of Cochrane, Wisconsin when the lights of the car ahead went out. The observer then sighted an orangish-red light ahead which appeared to approach the car. The observer assumed it was the headlights of another car in the distance. The object then reportedly hovered over her car. The engine of her car then reportedly stopped and the lights and radio stopped working also. Particularly the tachometer of the observers car was affected to return to zero or the object then appeared to move away and was observed to return again toward the car and then disappear. The observer stated that the entire incident lasted over 5 minutes.

WEATHER DATA: At 6:00 p.m. CST, the sky was obscured and visibility was 1/2 mile with light drizzle.
At 7:00 p.m. CST, there was 3/4 cloud cover with fog from the surface to the base of clouds and visibility of 1/2 miles.
At 10:00 p.m. CST, it was overcast with fog from the surface to the base of the clouds and visibility was 1 miles.

COMMENTS: Although the observer indicated that she was traveling NE, the map of the area indicated that she was traveling SE. The observer stated in her description that the object was crescent shaped. There was a crescent moon confused the observer into thinking that it was something near rather than the moon. The observer would have had to leave her car to have observed the object as closely as she described it. The fog in the area would have caused a blurring of the outline of the moon and would account for the observer sometimes commenting that the object had clouds around it. Further the observer indicated that there was no moonlight the night of the sighting. However, the phase indicator shows that there was a 3/4 illuminated moon that night. When the object appeared to be hovering over the observer's automobile, she rolled up the vehicle and closed all the doors. It seems to be at this point that the observer began to feel hot. However, the observer stated that she had not felt afraid or panicked at any time, particularly on the feet.

The observer was quite upset during the sighting and states in her testimony that "... I started crying a little bit..." It seems quite possible that in her excitement or fright the engine of her car stalled, thus accounting for the engine stopping. 

The observer was quite interested in the subject of UFOs and had read about them, and when the ran into something that contained her interest, she immediately assumed it was a UFO.