There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document with text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) incident.

Text extracted from the document:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
-2-    June 4, 1969

That the road goes northwest. There may be, of course, some turns that do not show in the map.

Her description of it as a "boomerang" or "crescent" is revealing in itself as a crescent moon relatively low in the western sky. There was also some haze. And she could easily have become confused that it was something near rather than something far in the sky. And this assumption would have led her to conclude that it was rapidly moving, chasing her, and then when she stopped, hovering over her. I think her use of the words "moving again" again and again is revealing, though no one seems to have previously pointed out that this is a word closely associated with flying saucer. There is evidence from some of her testimony that she was interested in the subject of UFO's, had read a lot about them, and when she ran into something that confused her, immediately assumed that it was a UFO. There is no way of checking, but when she stopped the car, looked around, of, of the gas, the car engine simply died. It had nothing whatever to do with the thing above her. I think she so frightened that she killed her own engine by taking her mind off the road. Clearly she was pretty scared and her fright communicated itself to the susceptible fellow who locked the doors and presumably rolled up the windows. It was then that the heater was on and going full. And hence the sensation of heat that she experienced was greatly over-exaggerated. There may, of course, have been a heater or even engine malfunction so that the floorboard of the car felt somewhat hotter than usual.

I don't believe her when she says that she kept cool. The record shows quite the reverse. And her description of additional sensations are not necessarily those experienced by people who are so frightened that they have what is sometimes referred to as a "sinking feeling in their guts." The report indicates that USAF also leaves something to be desired. He says, "I estimate from the observer's report the elevation to be approximately 15 degrees in azimuth. If the object indicated, then the moon could well have been west. The estimated altitude of 15 feet is not inconsistent with the elevation of the moon. The moon was two days out of first quarter and very near maximum part of the declination. Therefore, the horns of the crescent, therefore,