There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document or report, with the title "Fireball Takes A Night Ride" and text describing a sighting of a meteor or fireball over the New Philadelphia, Ohio area.

IT WENT THAT WAY...
Fireball Takes
A Night Ride
Many citizens, awoke this morning to discover that not even a night's sleep would erase the members of a flaming meteor they saw through last evening's skies.
The meteor was sighted here at 9:21 p.m. and was described by residents immediately reported it to police. The brilliance of the object momentarily lighted the entire countryside and seemed larger than a planet or star. For over 10 minutes its glare was seen with a long tail much like a comet.
OBSERVERS SAY"
HUGH CAMPBELL, curator of astronomy
And planetarium director of Franklin and Marshall College in Lancaster, provided this information:
"Some residents of New Philadelphia reported seeing the meteor, described as a brilliant light about the size of a dinner plate, shooting across the sky in a south to north direction and then disappear or burn out. It was illuminated as if it were broad daylight."
Mrs. Doris Bole, of 500 Lancaster St., president of the Mineralogical Society of Harrisburgh, Pa., reported the object streaked across the sky moving very swiftly and disappearing in the eastern horizon in the area of Lewisbury.
THIS WAS A TYPE of meteor classified as a "Fireball" and is defined as a very intense, bright, brief light trail that emits a considerable amount of light.
THE MOST STRIKING fact about this fireball is that people were awakened this morning from their sleep to see it. This confirms the brilliance of the object, as a fireball of this magnitude would be visible even at so late an hour. Late observers said the meteor had a long tail and seemed to scatter small particles, which disappeared in the northwest.
One observer said he has been observing sky phenomena for over 25 years and has never seen anything like it before.
The meteor was said to have landed north of Millersburg Ohio police at Lewistown reported this morning they have patrolmen checking an area north of Millersburg, but so far have located nothing. The object was also sighted as far north as Waynesburg and as far north as Williamsport and Bloomsburg.