The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an evaluation of a "Foreign Object Recovered at Cypress Gardens, Fla., 2 June 1968".

Transcribed text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS AIR FORCE EASTERN TEST RANGE (AFSC)
PATRICK AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA 32925

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ETWT/Lt Col Williams/494-7701

SUBJECT: Evaluation of Foreign Object Recovered at Cypress Gardens, Fla., 2 June 1968

FID (CHAD) (Mr. H. P. O'Keefe)
Weight-Patterson AFB
OHIO 45433

Dear Mr. O'Keefe:

With reference to our telephone conversation this morning, 20 June 1968, regarding the material found in the lake at Cypress Gardens, Florida, on 2 June 1968. The substance was found by Mr. Viadetto. Mr. Viadetto was water skiing at that time and he heard a sudden terrible noise, something striking the water causing geysers or steam and spray. The noise was sufficient to frighten him and he saw the material floating on the surface of the water and found the material contained in this matching flotation on the surface. Mr. Viadetto turned the material over to Dr. Joseph H. Purser, Rollins College, Winter Haven, Florida, 33880, whom I understand is head of the Department of Science there. I talked with Dr. Purser by phone and he sent the material to me after promising to do so. We obtained the material and are awaiting your instructions on what the disposition of the same shall be.

Dr. Merser would like to retain the object for his school laboratory, though, as he is anxious that you return it to us as soon as possible to avoid any damage to his office so that we can continue your investigation. Dr. Purser would appreciate some feedback on your findings which would be very helpful to him in the matter.

Dr. Merser told me that he believes the object to be meteoric in origin, unrelated to manmade space objects. He stated his preliminary tests showed that it was about 90% silicone dioxide. He said that he believed most of the iron content had been burned out by an extremely high temperature, though the structure of the material indicated definite evidence of some type of severe structural distortion which he would condemn into an extremely light weight, very porous structure by the cooling effect of the water.