The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old document that appears to be related to the Nashville Municipal Auditorium.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

NASHVILLE MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM
CONVENTIONS - SPORTS EVENTS - TRADE SHOWS - EXPOSITIONS - SPECTACULARS - CONCERTS
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE - DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
At the heart of the City & Metropolitan Area of Greater Nashville
Sponsored by and for the Municipal Auditorium and Metropolitan Government of Nashville, Tennessee, Metropolitan Mayor Ben West
Auditorium Manager: J. W. RICE - Address: 417 4th Avenue North, P.O. Box 575 - Phone: 254-7315 - Zip Code 37219
For information on available dates, rental charges, etc. contact Auditorium Manager
THE JIM RICE STORY
Mr. Jim Rice, Auditorium Manager, since October 1962. And I might add a very capable and graphic manager. Mr. Rice was a native of Nashville, Tennessee. As a young man, he became associated with the Nashville Theatre as assistant manager. In 1932 the Auditorium had its grand opening, and Jim Rice became the manager. He has held this position to the present time. Through the years, his management and his contact with all types of entertainment have made him extremely important to the fulfillment of our Auditorium program. With his keen insight to Nashville's financial needs, he has proven a major asset to Nashville financial institutions.
In the facilities in this $8-million structure, with a seating capacity of 10,000, we have been able to attract many major conventions that we would not have been able to secure without this Municipal Auditorium. It houses major shows, sports events, concerts, expositions, spectaculars. It is adjoining 500-car parking area, giving us truly an accommodation for Nashvillians and the visiting public.
We wish to congratulate our Municipal Auditorium Commissioner, Mr. James H. Armistead, Vice President and Advertising Director of The Nashville Banner, for winning national first place for promotion of a recent advertising series for the American Petroleum Institute. The first place plaque was presented to Mr. Armistead in New Orleans in January at the convention of the International Newspaper Advertising Executives Association.
Mr. Armistead, it is very gratifying to us at the Nashville Banner as Nashville's leading newspaper, to be accorded this national honor. We are indeed proud.

Tenly, The Musician
THE NASHVILLE SOUND . . .
Minnie Pearl introduced her Nashville sound to the world in 1940 from the stage of WSM's Grand Ole Opry. Since that time she has made Minnie Pearl a household word throughout America. And now she has added a new phase to her Nashville career.
Copyright 1967
Tenly, The Musician, will feature different persons representing the Nashville Sound.