The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the following output containing the text found in the document:

MEREDITH H. JAMES, JR.
Houston, Texas 77032
Dear---,
The attached clipping reminded me that I was going to write you about what I saw at mid-day on November 4, 1968.
I was in the bank at Boone, North Carolina, when I saw an object through the window that I first thought was an airplane or helicopter but as I watched it it made a sudden stop and then darted away at a tremendous speed. It was gray in color and had no wings or tail. The size I would estimate to be approximately 15 feet in diameter. There was no noise and it left no trail.
Shortly after this I was out in the country on a road near Boone, North Carolina, with a friend. We saw the same or a similar object hovering over the nearby trees. It appeared to be circular in shape and also had no lights or wings or tail. It remained in approximately the same spot for about 5 minutes and then suddenly darted away at a tremendous speed - leaving no trail.
I was out on Westhimer near Fondren Road when I saw what I thought at first was a plane but as I watched it it made a sudden stop and then disappeared. It left no trail of any kind. This was about 12:45 P.M.
The object was large, larger than a plane, and was gray in color. It remained stationary for 3-5 seconds, then disappeared. It was a total of about 30 seconds of visibility, which is about the length of time it takes a plane to cross the sky at that distance. But this object covered that distance in a flash and simply vanished.
At any rate, it was so unusual that I made notes of what I had seen as soon as I could. I could not understand what I had seen, and feel certain that it was not an airplane or helicopter or any other known aerial vehicle.
Yours very truly,
"UFO" sighting - Jan. date 10/23/63 - 11:12 P.M.: C.D.D.
West 57 Houston - Seen from westbound of Westheimer and Fondren.
Appeared as a dim red light at 11:15 - arriving as a round object traveling at high speed, 10 deg. to 30 deg. angle of trajectory. Disappeared vertically.
Sighting by - Witness' identity withheld by request.