The image appears to contain a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page. 

OCR Text:
showing a series of concentric rings, which I presume to be clouds. The inner core was marked: "Red and brilliant orange colors plus some bluish intermingle."
The report form was marked "Witness colors" and the outer ring: "light pinkish colors".
Through the kindness of , whose sister-in-law lives near Atlantic, we received several clippings of unknown date from what I presume to be regarding the sighting of three objects.
was quoted as describing it this way: "It looked like the moon in the middle of the sky, and my first thought was that it was a burning plane, then I realized it would have to be 3 times the size of a 747. It showed pulsations like a rapidly revolving light bulb or a landing beacon - colored like a ball of phosphorus, leaving a trail of smoke in its wake."
Another clipping, presumably from the same newspaper, but a later issue, tells of the visit by authorities to Northeast Nebraska following the sighting. A Nebraska man, from western town, is quoted as saying, that the "visitor" was probably traveling from a northwesterly to a southeasterly direction."
If this estimate is correct, the saucer's path would have taken it roughly over the area where the reported UFO sighting had occurred.
returned to the Offutt Air Force later in the year to face off the distance to the power lines and recheck his memory, and from information provided by other reliable sources. He believes that the UFO sightings could have come from a "very large object, probably in the nature of a mother ship, or a satellite-TV type of craft." 
All the evidence points to the fact that this may well over Atlantic probably taking a mistake or a star sighting description of the UFO is that it faded away gradually. A second description of the UFO is that it disappeared gradually in a stepped fashion, it seems safe to rule out the possibility of any ballistic objects, except for some type of controlled descent.
The activity of the observation period of the UFO closely matched the time period of the motion of several celestial objects. All observers of the UFO seemed to agree that it appeared to be a bright stationary object. All observers of the UFO seemed to notice the same activity and described the UFO as being stationary.
Impressions have been on numerous? - an illusion caused by the red fireball? (I express no opinion at all on this subject.)
On 13, I wrote and in the closing portion of my letter I asked
If it was possible that when he has more actual data on the meteor or whatever was seen, might really have been a meteor some 15 miles away, and not a few yards away, to see what his reactions would be to this suggestion?