There is no photograph present in the image provided. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have extracted the following text from the document:

This report begins at approximately 11:35 p.m. Friday evening, August 30, 1968. My wife and our oldest daughter, ages 14 and a neighbor boy, age 16, were at our home in Markleon, Indiana on State Route 67.

As we crossed U.S. Highway 31, I first noticed a very bright light on the horizon slightly ahead of us. At first I didn't know if it was a power beacon or perhaps an airplane. After several miles the light was approaching us rapidly. It moved south to north and was much brighter than the normal headlights on automobiles.

Finally I asked my wife if she saw the object. She did but couldn't figure out the object. It appeared to pass over our road in a northeasterly direction. At this point I pulled into a small drive on the side of the road to land. As I did so, the object followed the road.

We proceeded north for nearly a mile and saw the object heading past us. It appeared to be about the size of the full moon, and had a halo formed some impression as to what it was. Bright white lights like cabin windows with some amber lights, and what appeared to be high intensity landing lights. The object paused behind a farm silo and was lost to view. It then appeared again and moved rapidly in a southeasterly direction and then east. It took about 13 seconds to reach the spot where the object passed over the road and behind the trees where we could no longer see it.

After considerable scanning of the sky we noticed another light moving away from us to the north. This appeared brighter and steadier than the earlier light. The amber light was still east. This light moved swiftly. About 2 blocks north, it gave a sharp turn and shortly turned south. It was on a parallel course moving fast. As it turned, I thought of an electrical transformer or high voltage line.

The object with the amber light appeared again at this point. About three times the light disappeared then came back. After a short time we decided to continue our trip home as the light disappeared.

Back once again on Route 67 heading west, we had driven about 5 to 6 miles when the bright light reappeared. This time it was lower than before heading west. I pulled over to the side of the road again to get a better view. After making a turn it continued on a northeasterly course and was lost to view.

I turned north onto the first gravel road I could find in hopes of driving directly under the object. Unfortunately it wasn't on the road and soon narrowed down to an impassable lane.

At this point I stopped the car, turned off my engine and lights. The kids and I jumped out quickly hoping to see the object pass overhead. But again nothing. The only thing visible was the same halo-type lighting in the distance as before.