The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

Transcribed text from the document:

"How that the objects you observed were moving? Very fast in a horizontal direction from West to East, with a slight upward and downward motion.
What were the weather conditions at the location at the time or immediately afterward? It was, please elaborate.
Estimate the distance of the object(s) from the observer, if possible. Approximately 1/4 mile.
What was the elevation of the object(s) above the horizon? Please make a sketch on the observation sketch.

Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.
Arthur Smith

What do you think you saw?
Unidentified flying object?
Satellite?
Star?
Meteor?
Aircraft?

Please describe your feelings and reactions during the sighting. Were you calm, nervous, frightened, apprehensive, awed, etc.? If you wish your answer to this question to remain confidential, please indicate with a check mark. (Use a separate sheet if necessary.) 
Calm Reaction

Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from your view, the direction of its course over the area, buildings, terrain, and other landmarks within a mile.
[Hand-drawn sketch omitted]

Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research institution in the area? Approximate 10 miles
Have you seen or heard of a similar type of object before? If so, please describe these sightings, including the number, size, speed, color and duration if possible. NO
Have you notified anyone of this sighting, such as a law enforcement officer, your employer, a news reporter, or an official investigator? If so, please state to whom and when. PG
Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate.
NO
We should like your permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This is for verification purposes only, and your name will remain confidential. Please state your choice by checking the appropriate line below.
You may use my name.
Please keep my name confidential."