The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text document from Project Blue Book, describing a UFO sighting on December 30, 1963 in New Carlisle, Indiana.

MEMO FOR RECORD 
SUBJECT: Call from *** - UFO Sightings of 30 Dec 63 and 1 Jan 64
1. On 10 February 1964, Lt. Marano received a telephone call from *** She stated that she had received the letter and the photos and negatives we had sent to her regarding the picture she took of the UFO on 30 Dec 63 and 1 Jan 64. She stated that she was going to send us the pictures if she was sure she would get them back. She has been offered more for the pictures and stories than she can afford to get back.
2. Mrs. *** stated that there were six witnesses to the first sighting - three children, the people who live in her home, and herself. The object was shiny, and when it took off there was a vapor like a jet taking off. It hovered and then took off at a high rate of speed, making a bright light which traveled across the sky lasting about 2 or 3 seconds.
3. The second night the object was sighted by the same people plus a policeman. They stated that the object made a sound and another man went to get a camera, but couldn't get it to work. The object was sighted again the second night, but her camera couldn't take pictures after she used it. The object seemed to turn on a street light which annoyed her.
4. When the object came close, Mrs. *** said it was like a magnet drawing the small objects on the ground. She said it was also hovering low over the trees. The witness who investigated claimed the object gave off a light so bright that it seemed blinding. He also stated that the object made no noise and disappeared at an unbelievable rate of speed.
5. Mrs. *** said the object was very bright - the light which hurt her eyes - when she looked at it. There were two holes in the bottom where a vapor was coming out. She said the object looked like it had windows, but they weren't glass. Mrs. *** stated that in the daytime her vision gets blurred at times and she feels that the object might have affected her in some unknown way.