There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. However, the image shows a page of text from what seems to be an old UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

(2) How did you happen to notice the object(s)?
(23) Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
(24) How did the object(s) disappear from view?
(25) Compass the object(s) with a claim or jet plane or other airborne objects at the time? If so, please elaborate.
(26) Please estimate the distance of the object(s).
(27) What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky?
(28) Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any?
(29) What do you think you saw?
a. Extraterrestrial device? 
b. UFO?
c. Satellite?
d. Hoax?
e. Planet or star?
f. Aircraft?
g. Other? (Please specify)
(30) Please describe your feelings and reactions during the sighting. Were you calm, nervous, frightened, apprehensive, awed, etc.? If you wish your answer to this question to remain confidential, please indicate with a check mark. (Use a separate sheet if necessary.)
(31) Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North; your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared; the direction of its course over the area; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.
(32) Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area?
(33) Have you seen other objects of an unknown nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
(34) Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, if possible), or any other evidence substantial. We will return this material to you if requested.
(35) Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? Or by any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name and details as to where and when the questioning took place.
(36) Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate.