The image provided does not contain any photograph, but rather displays a text document titled "DAILY WEATHER MAPS" with details about weather maps and information related to the Weather Bureau publication. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract all the text found in the document:

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE/Environmental Science Services Administration/Environmental Data Service

DAILY WEATHER MAPS

WEEKLY SERIES AUG. 12-18, 1968

The charts in this publication are a continuation of the charts previously issued as part of the Weather Bureau publication, Daily Weather Maps. They include the Surface Weather Map, the 500-Millibar Chart, the Tropopause Chart, and the Daily Precipitation Chart.

The Surface Weather Map presents station data and the isobars for 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. The tracks of well-defined pressure systems are indicated by chains of arrows. The locations of these pressure systems are indicated for 6, 12, and 18 hours preceding map time by small black squares enclosing the hour figures.

Areas of precipitation are indicated by shading. The weather reports that are printed here are only a fraction of those that are included in the operational weather maps, and on which the analyses are based. Occasionally apparent inconsistencies between the density of shading and the reports received may result from those station reports that cannot be included in this publication because of lack of space.

The 500-Millibar Chart presents the height contours and isotherms of the 500-millibar surface at 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. The height contours are shown as dashed lines, and are labeled in degrees Celsius. The arrows show the wind direction and speed at the 500-millibar level.

The Highest and Lowest Temperatures Chart presents the maximum and minimum values for the 24-hour period ending at 1:00 a.m. e.s.t. The names of the reporting points can be obtained from the Surface Weather Map. The maximum temperature is plotted above the station location, and the minimum temperature is plotted below this point.

The Precipitation Areas and Amounts Chart indicates by means of shading the areas that had precipitation during the 24 hours ending at 1:00 a.m. Amounts in inches are given at the stations for the same period. Isopleths begin at a trace, and indicate a trace of precipitation. Dashed lines show the depth of snow on the ground at 7:00 a.m. of the previous day.