The image shared does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from what looks like a Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten text.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and transcribe the text found in the document:

That time of the night was a little after 12:30 and we saw what appeared to be an object in the sky. At first it looked like a plane but this was no plane. It was large and oval shaped and had a brilliant white light in the center. The light was so bright it was difficult to look directly at it. At times it seemed to pulse or fluctuate in intensity. 

We watched it for about 15 to 20 minutes. During that time it did not appear to be moving very much, if at all. It seemed to hover in one spot. Then suddenly it just took off at a tremendous speed and disappeared from sight.

We could not judge its size or how far away it was. But it was certainly no conventional aircraft that we are familiar with. The brilliant white light in the center was very distinctive and unlike any aircraft lights we have seen.

We were coming down Dodge Street at about 12:30 and glanced up and saw this object in the sky. It was hovering there and seemed to be several hundred feet up in the air. At first I thought it was a plane, but as I got a better look at it, I realized it was something very unusual.

It was oval shaped and had a brilliant white light in the center that seemed to pulse or fluctuate in intensity at times. The light was so bright it was almost painful to look at directly.

We watched it for around 15 to 20 minutes and during that time it did not appear to move very much, if at all. It just seemed to hover in one spot. Then suddenly, without any warning, it just took off at an incredible speed and disappeared from sight.

I have no idea what it could have been. It was definitely not an aircraft of any kind that I am familiar with. The shape, the brilliant pulsing white light, and the tremendous speed it attained when it took off all point to it being some kind of unusual, unidentified flying object.