The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C. 
14 July 1968

SUBJECT: Donald A. Sproul ATSG(T) Eielson REPORT

Statement of Possible Correlation of Visually Observed Light Phenomenon observed at Eielson APB on 13 July 1968

Intelligence Officer ATSG(T)  
APO Seattle 98737

1. On 13 July 1968 at approximately 4:05 AM ADT, Eielson Tower Personnel called the RAPCON and asked if it could see something sighting south on their radar. The RAPCON operators observed a possible target which was moving southeasterly, described as about four to five degrees in size, having an irregular shaped illuminated center, and fluctuating in intensity. This target was tracked on radar from 4:05 to 4:14 AM ADT.

2. The radar target was initially observed at approximately two miles range from the radar site. The target's speed appeared to be about 25 knots. After processing, the radar returns indicated the target was moving slowly, approximately 30 knots. The target made a sudden turn and its speed increased to approximately 60 knots. The target was observed in this position for about thirty five minutes. Two radar targets were observed and both targets were slowly moving to the northeast.

3. Approximately ten minutes prior to the fading of the original radar target, a second target appeared. This second target seemed to pulse on and off erratically. The second target was tracked moving in a southwesterly direction toward the first target, and the two appeared to merge. The merged targets then continued southwesterly at a point about fifteen miles southwest of the landing light at the end of the radar antenna. The southwest bound target faded at a point about twenty miles from the site.

4. About 45 minutes had elapsed from the initial observation until the radar contact disappeared. During this period, the radar operators stated there were numerous targets to appear and disappear at various points of the scope. These unexplained targets were very difficult to track due to their erratic movement. At one point, one of the targets appeared to split into three separate targets that then recombined into one target.