This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a transcript of a UFO sighting report.

Transcript for UFO
Pilot - 
Co-Pilot - 
Garland, Texas - Telephone

First sighting was between Tyndall AFB and Cross City, Fla. 
Mr. _____ - A pale green light with intermittent flashes, a large light, much larger, or more like an airship because, only it wasn't nearly that green. It looked like something flickered in front of the light once every 3 seconds. Just a flicker. But we still thought it was a jet. It was doing something like that and then would go out of sight, and then you would see it coming back in from, occasionally veering off to one side and then to the other. We followed him until we were almost to Ocala, and he disappeared off into the sky on a heading of something like 220 degrees. When we got to Ocala, both of us were so apprehended over this that I would say he missed us about 3 mile. He came straight at us at an angle. We were about 15 miles out of Ocala, still on a heading of 120. This object came straight at us in a climb, and then went about 15 miles west of Ocala and just hung there at an altitude of, well we were at an altitude of 9000, I would guess that he was at probably 6000 or 7000 ft. 
We saw him move several times but when we last sighted him, it looked like he was sitting on the ground.
Capt Heinbach - We had a height finder on you and were tracking you and there was an object behind you for quite a while northwest of Palm Beach. I don't know exactly how far. We had numerous height finder checks on you; also an object much closer than I mile behind you.
Mr. _____ - We turned and saw what appeared to be the same white light as we saw previously. In a step burn, it seemed to jump like it disappeared rapidly. I would definitely not try to identify it.
Capt Heinbach - What do you think it was?
Mr. _____- I don't know. It was not a jet. Jet aircraft can't make the sharp turns these things were making.
Capt Heinbach - Everytime you saw it, it was making steep turns?
Mr. _____ - No, it would hover and then it would proceed on course exactly the same way we were going, ahead of us; then it would go straight up, over the top, or straight down.