There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document on daily weather maps for the week of December 9-15, 1968, produced by the U.S. Department of Commerce/Environmental Science Services Administration/Environmental Data Service.

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE/Environmental Science Services Administration/Environmental Data Service
DAILY WEATHER MAPS
WEEKLY SERIES DEC. 9-15, 1968

The charts in this publication are a reproduction of the principal charts of the Weather Bureau publication, Daily Weather Maps. They include the Synoptic Weather Map, the Upper Air Chart, the Highest and Lowest Temperature Chart, and the Daily Precipitation Chart. All of the charts for one day are arranged on a single page of this publication.

The Surface Weather Map presents the station data and the analyses for 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. The tracks of well-defined low pressure areas are indicated by heavy solid lines. The positions of the high and low pressure centers at times 0, 6, 12, and 18 hours preceding the map time are indicated by small black squares enclosing white circles. Areas of precipitation are indicated by precipitation symbols that are printed here are only a fraction of those that are included in the original maps. The analyses on which these maps are based, especially the interpretation of the isobars, are done at the National Meteorological Center, and the analyses are based on all available data.

The 500 Millibar Chart presents the height contours and isotherms at the 500 mb. pressure level, which is approximately 18,000 feet above sea level. The chart indicates the wind direction and speed at the 500 millibar level.

The Temperature and Precipitation Chart presents the maximum and minimum temperatures for the 24-hour period ending at 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. The rainfall amounts in inches to the nearest hundredth of an inch are for the same period. Incomplete totals are indicated by a trace (T). Dashed lines show the depth of snow on the ground in inches as of 7:00 a.m. of the previous day.