There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document describing daily weather maps and providing explanations of the various charts and information presented on them.

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE/Environmental Science Services Administration/Environmental Data Service
DAILY WEATHER MAPS
WEEKLY SERIES MAY 27-JUNE 2, 1968
The charts in this publication are a continuation of the principal charts of the Weather Bureau's Daily Weather Map. They include the Surface Weather Map, the 850-Millibar Chart, and the Highest and Lowest Temperatures Chart. All of the charts for one day are arranged on a single page for this publication. They are copied from operational weather maps prepared by the National Meteorological Center, Weather Bureau, ESSA. The Surface Weather Map and the 500-Millibar Chart are the same as used previously in Daily Weather Map. An explanatory sheet is available by writing to: Environmental Science Services Administration, Publications Section, AD 143, Rockville, Maryland 20852.
The Surface Weather Map presents station data and 4-panel analysis for 7:00 a.m./e.s.t. Areas of precipitation are indicated by shading. The weather patterns that are depicted have a fraction of those that are included in the operational analysis, upon which the analyses are based. Occasional disparent between the printed station data and the analyses reflect conditions that cannot be included in the published space.
The 500-Millibar Chart presents the height contours and temperature at the 500-millibar surface, which is located approximately 18,000 feet above sea level. The height contours are labeled in feet above sea level. The temperature contours, drawn in thin solid lines, are labeled in degrees Celsius. The arrows show the wind direction and speed at the 500-millibar level.
The Highest and Lowest Temperatures Chart presents the maximum and minimum values for the 24-hour period ending at 1:00 a.m. e.s.t. The names of the reporting points can be obtained from the Surface Weather Map. The maximum temperature is plotted above the station location, and the minimum temperature is plotted below this point.
The Precipitation Areas and Amounts Chart indicates by means of shading the areas that had precipitation during the 24 hours ending at 1:00 a.m. Amounts in inches to the nearest hundredth of an inch are for the same period. Incomplete totals are under-lined "T" indicates a trace of precipitation. Dashes lines show the areas of snow on the ground in inches as of 7:00 a.m. of the previous day.