There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TRANSCRIPTION:

LOCATION: Boone, North Carolina

REPORT NO: 10-7170481

OBSERVATION: On October 7, 1968, at approx. 19:00, the witness observed a flying object.

WEATHER: Clear sky, no wind.

LOCATION: Carrroll Electric, 15 miles south of Boone, North Carolina.

REPORT OF: Ranger, Carroll Electric, two cars of employees observed object.

OCCUPATION: R/23N, Air Force, Retired.

NARRATIVE:
On October 7, 1968, at approximately 19:00, I was working my home on a picture tube for a television set. Suddenly, the lights in my home fluctuated and the television picture became distorted. Upon looking outdoors, I observed a bright light in the sky about the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length. The object was round and silvery in color and seemed to be slowly moving in a straight line towards the west. It was completely silent and did not seem to have any appendages or projections. As I continued to watch, the object began to move faster, but still in a straight line. It then began to accelerate rapidly and within a few seconds had moved out of my sight. I immediately called the Carroll Electric where I work and reported the incident to the dispatcher on duty. He informed me that two cars of Carroll Electric employees had also observed the object. They stated the object appeared to be approximately 200-300 feet in diameter and was a brilliant silver color. It was traveling at a very high rate of speed and seemed to be under intelligent control. The object was observed for several minutes before it accelerated and disappeared from sight. I was at the time at the closest point to the object, and it was in my sight for approximately 2 minutes. It was less than a half mile straight above, and it was in a seemingly stationary position for a short period before it accelerated rapidly and disappeared. This object had a definite saucer or disc-shaped appearance, and was of a very bright silver color. It did not seem to have any appendages or lights of any kind on its surface. The size was estimated as 200-300 feet in diameter, and it maintained this size throughout the observation. It was definitely not an aircraft or any object I have ever seen before, either in military service or as a civilian. I feel certain that this was an unidentified flying object under intelligent control.