The image contains a photograph of multiple circular objects described as "discs". The text accompanying the image provides a detailed description of the objects, their relative sizes, positions, and movements. However, the image does not contain any human faces, so I will not attempt to identify or name any individuals.

Introduction.
(1) Large disc, about six inches in diameter.
(2) Two smaller discs, about the size of a quarter.
(3) Seven smaller discs, below mother disc, and on different angles.

There were three performances, at these discs. The first being a flood pattern, a wave motion across the top of the mother disc, building up and diminishing again. They were there, and then they were no more, all in the twinkling of an eye.

PAUSE.
There was three phases of these discs - the first ones being in a smaller diameter, the larger one about six inches in diameter. On the right side of the mother disc, you could see very plainly three of the smaller discs, and on the left one of the smaller discs. This smaller disc was directly below the mother disc, and the others six inches away from her. This smaller disc was slowly going down the mother disc, and the others six inches away from her were going in a circle, the first they were there and then they were gone.

As of yet I am not certain as to this manifestation, was by their position.

Then I turned my eyes toward the mother disc. The two larger discs were emerging from the mother disc, and going - the relative same position as in the first phase, and turned the other way, and then they were gone.

FINALLY.
(This is my only possible conclusion.) Is it possible that these discs could be a jet pilot's technique or is it possible they could be some unkown scientific phenomena. If the former is the case, then the faster they appear, the faster they disappear, and they might have added the speed of the jet to the speed of the disc, to where it would be extremely fast disappearance. If the latter, I believe we have something hitherto unknown to science, and the people we should tell this too, are welcome to them, without further claim or proofs or money.

Yours very truly,
[Handwritten signature]
San Antonio, Texas