Seattle Post-Intelligencer Mon., July 8, 1968 — F 11

Eerie Red Lights Elude Chase By Plane Here

(From Page 1)

the Evening Field approach marker which is on the tip of Pier 51.

"I could hardly receive the center," he told the F.I.

"Then the center handed me to Boeing Tower by radio transfer and I no-ced right directly in front of me nine vertical lights on a collision course.

"WE WERE closing fast. 'I directly in front of Id. 'This is a military alien!'" and I turned unt. These nine lights made a right oblique turn instantly. You're not supposed to turn without directions from the tower, but I turned.

"Just two seconds later, I looked over my shoulder in see where this formation was going and I saw it right over the southern tip of Green Lake. It was a bright moonlit night and that lake was a perfect reflector.

"Well, four rockets were fired from these objects, and they were not flares, they were rockets. Three of them hit southeast of Green Lake. I cut on the phone and told the (Boeing Field) tower:

"'THERE'S a military formation dropping rockets!' They said they had no knowledge of any military formation in the area whatsoever.

"These lights were just plain red and oscillating from dim to red and back to dim."

[illegible section]

a 6,000 feet. He heard another private pilot report from 3,000 feet that the object appeared to be from 5,000 to 10,000 feet above West Seattle.

"THEN I sighted them over West Seattle and they came back toward me. When I put my lights back on, there came away from me.

"They were definitely aircraft. I wouldn't believe it myself but I saw it and figure this. My magnetic compass was reading 300

flew back across Elliott degrees when I made my landing at Boeing and it should have read 180 degrees.

"And my clock in the plane stopped at 10:35 p.m."

The Auburn center confirmed it had picked up Malaspina's plane by radar and monitored his radared reports as he pursued the objects with thousands saw. However, no official explanation was forthcoming.