The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

(6) Thunderstorms in area: No official report but I was told there were none at that time.
(7) Vertical temperature gradient: Not available.
1. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, that might account for the sighting: None known.
2. Clearance moon and fog in area.
3. Intersection or identification action taken: None.
4. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon referenced in the area that might possibly account for the sighting: None.
5. Preparing Officer: Captain David J.C. Reynold 1st LT, AF, Illinois 81956, Project Supervisor, Department of the Air Force, Project Blue Book Training, Chanute AFB, Illinois 61956.
COMMENTS: I received notification of this report on 23 April 1968. She reported practically every detail exactly as we have it here. The only major addition was that she said that on the advice of the local pastor she waited for several days before making the report. The minister advised her to wait until Monday (2 April) to see if more was to appear. She said she had planned to report it immediately, but heeded the minister's caution. A Buffalo County traffic officer was informed. As was the sheriff, 3 April 68, at approximately 0115 hrs. 
I telephoned the witness on 15 May and she essentially confirmed the details. She said the chief witness was an airplane and then a helicopter because it was stationary. At first she thought it was the sheriff coming, but chose to call the sheriff because it was so strange. Her story was still the same.
It appears that there had been a heavy rain prior to the report, and that the moon was also quite bright. In addition, the report indicates that between 15-20 minutes elapsed from the sighting position, a mile across the river, there was a swampy area near the sighting position.
I have two possible explanations: 1) That Mrs. Liedin saw a reflection of the moon on the layer of fog from either the Mississippi River or a swampy area near the sighting position. This possibly is the cause of the sighting.