The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document.

FROM: Leroy C. Jones, LTJG, Officer in Charge, Site H-2
TO: CINCORLANT, Norfolk, Va. U.S. Naval Station, Keflavik, Iceland

INFO: (1) CDR R. W. SIMS, Executive Officer, U.S. Naval Station, Keflavik, Iceland
     (2) CAPT R. W. HART, Commanding Officer, U.S. Naval Station, Keflavik, Iceland

SUBJ: U. F. O.; Sighting of

1. On the evening of December 11, 1968, at approximately 1800Z the local citizenry of Thornhofn, Iceland reported sighting an unidentified object over the village located north eastern Iceland, approximately 220 miles northeast of Keflavik, Iceland. The sighting was generally seen by residents of the village.

2. What was generally seen was an oblong object that seemed to be emitting in its position a white halo with a reddish tint. It seemed to be traveling in a westerly direction. The sighting was reported to have lasted from approximately 1700 to 1730. The object disappeared behind Hellgadalsjell Mountain.

3. The local Reykjavik Police were able to take a picture of the object. Due to the fact it was completely dark out at the time and a Kodak Instamatic camera was the only one available, the resulting photograph is questionable in quality. The next day the locals obtained a picture of the terrain for reference. (See picture three).

4. While an investigation was conducted several persons who saw the object, as said before, the object was generally seen in Thornhofn. It was said they had seen the object. I had a picture of the object with me. The following is a summary of those interviews.

A. Thorsteinn Inkonsson the local Icelandic Policeman, who was notified about the object by some citizens. He saw it at 30 kilometers away. He said it seemed to be white in shape, about 40 meters in diameter. It traveled about 100 kilometers per hour and seen for about 30 minutes. There was no noise. It left in the direction it came from, as if some kind of sunshine or moon light at the time. There was no flame or glow, nor did it seem to be emitting anything.

ENCLOSURE (1)