There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a typed text describing an observation of strange lights in the sky in Thorntown County.

TRANSLATIONS OF SIGNIFICANT ARTICLES FROM THE ICELANDIC NEWSPAPERS.
REYKJAVIK, 12 December 1953.
(UNDECIPHERABLE PARTY INSIGNIA)
Proposed by J.S. fff.
15 December 1953.

STRANGE LIGHTS SEEN IN THE SKY IN THORNTOWN COUNTY.

Suspicious lights were seen in the sky to the south of Thorntown yesterday around six-thirty. This is related by several witnesses, including agricultural scientists. Observer Addibjørn Agurlsson, an airport manager of Thorntown, informed him of this observation. Agurlsson accompanied them to the area where the lights were seen. According to his statement, the lights were first seen moving from east to west and then hovering still, only to start moving again in different directions. The lights disappeared for a brief moment and then reappeared again. The color of the lights was described as being fluorescent-like.

I was with Addibjørn, late for us to watch this object for about 15 minutes. From what I could see, the object appeared to be divided into two separate and well-defined parts. I cannot say anything about the results yet, but I understand that the camera was not a good one. I also heard roaring and hissing noises, which seemed to come from the object, but there was no smell. The object moved to the south and then to the west and the size, from where we were, seemed to be about six feet. This thing moved to south-west and the size from where we were seemed to be about two feet. The object disappeared completely.

Jon Jonsoon said that he saw this thing first at five and observed it until nearly seven o'clock. According to him, the object at times appeared to be several feet long and at other times it look only a few inches long. The object seemed to be about 100 yards away and it appeared to hovered [sic] approximately twenty to thirty feet above the ground. It gave off strange colourings at times. I cannot properly describe the shape of this thing, but they appeared to be mostly circular. The lights may have been just an illusion. The lights seemed to radiate a fluorescent-like glow which at times intensified and then diminished.

Last last night, (Cumberland) heard about other strange lights seen by two men who were driving in the area called Sandycroft. They saw lights hovering above the ground. The lights then began traveling erratically in various directions. The witnesses appeared to be baffled by what they saw. The brightness was enough to light up the area around them, although they were quite a distance from where the lights appeared to be.

* * *
ENCLOSURE (3)