There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO project Blue Book report.

Text from the document:

April 5, 1968
Thunderbolt, Ga. 31404

Major Hector Quintinilla, USAF
UFO Project
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Dear Sir:

This is to report the sighting of an unusual aerial object on April 4, 1968 near Thunderbolt, Ga. At 6:40 p.m. two boys were playing behind the house. The boys suddenly exclaimed to their mother that they had seen the object.

The boys not observing through the telescope suddenly exclaimed to the other to the effect that the object was moving in the sky. Both boys then observed the object until it disappeared from view.

When the boys related this to me I separated them and asked each one to draw the object he had seen. While they were making the drawings I called Hunter Army Air Field and reported the sighting to the officer in charge. When I asked them I noted the sightings were connected.

The boys finished the drawings within ten minutes after seeing the object.

According to the boys' accounts, the object was moving almost due north at about 5000 feet altitude. It descended to the western horizon and passed overhead shortly before. It left no trail and no sound was heard.

According to both boys, the object presented a clearly visible disc and had extended from both sides small lights at their ends. The attitude of the object was constant and the motion was at a constant rate. It was described by one boy as a mist.

One of the evenings of the sighting there was intermittent broken cloud cover over the Savannah area but at the time of the sighting the sky was clear. Sighting was only because the movement was too fast to permit aiming the telescope. Several witnesses other than the two boys maintain that the object could not have been a helicopter.

Enclosed herewith are the drawings made by the boys. That labeled "A" was made by the 16-year-old and the other by the 14-year-old. The other boy, incidentally, has a story that might be worth investigating. About three years ago, he was one of a group of about ten Boy Scouts camping on Big Wylie Island near Savannah who were badly frightened by a huge, orange-glowing object that apparently rose from the island near their camp.

Sincerely yours,