The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a round or circular object. The sketch is labeled "Circular outline" and appears to be in response to question 19 on the UFO reporting form, which asks the witness to "Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects."

Transcription of the text in the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form 

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object didn't appear to disappear.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes. It moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Don't know.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Circular - light silvery

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the match head. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
(No response)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Circular sketch)

20. Do you think you can estimate the size of the object? If you answered YES, then -
If you answered YES, then -

21. Do you think you can estimate the distance to the object? If you answered YES, then tell what.
If you answered YES, then be

22. Where were you located when you observed the object? 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

24.1 What direction were you facing? 
Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?
(No response)

24.3 Did you stop at any time? 
(No response)

25. Did you observe the object through:
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

26. In order that you can give as punch which, when placed in the blanks, will clearly show the details of your sighting, what was the weather like? 
(No response)