Seattle Post-Intelligencer
Mon., July 8, 1968

[stamp: Seattle, Oct]

Balloons...or Not?
UFO Views Vary

To official eyes, the nine fiery spheres which mystified thousands of Seattleites Sunday night were weather balloons attached — apparently without intent by pranksters.

That explanation has been accepted by Seattle police, NORAD-APB officials, the Federal Aeronautics Administration, and observers at Boeing Field control tower, who saw the lighted objects.

It is not accepted by the United Airlines pilot who said he chased the Unidentified Flying Objects for 40 minutes, and the leader of a local UFO-observing organization.

THE BALLOON theory is based on charred evidence picked up by two officers patrolling near the intersection of N. 125th Street and Corliss Avenue N.

They reported seeing the debris reported seeing the strange experiments fly into the intersection in an arc pattern, Officer G. [illegible] reported.

[DIAGRAM showing "FIRST FORMATION" and "SECOND FORMATION" with circles representing UFOs]

UFO'S FLIGHT

PILOT RUDY MALASPINA described formations of the UFOs he'd be saw Sunday night. At first sighting, he said they were in a triple-vertical formation; later, over Green Lake, in a double-diamond.

[SKETCH showing flight paths and locations including "PACO HERE" and various geographic references]

[TEXT CONTINUES:]

ters, a wise man gathered the remains as "fine a pile of cigar ashes."

ONE MAN who doesn't agree is Pilot Rudy Malaspina, who chased the UFOs in his private plane. He said:

"Whatever couldn't fly in formation like that, and they certainly couldn't change directions and accelerate so quickly."

By using stars as reference points, the Des Moines pilot estimated the red objects traveled faster than 1,000 miles an hour.

He said the objects at first appeared (from his perspective) to be about an eighteen-inch diameter. By shutting off the lights on his plane, Malaspina said he was able to get close enough to the objects recorded to be nearly three-foot diameter.

"WHEN I had to turn the lights on again, they apparently flew away — because they got taller away."

Malaspina, who encountered the objects near Pier 91 on a flight from Friday Harbor, described them as "bright crimson in color. It'd float and it look like a UFO from a distance. The only difference was the road very near Green Lake, and appeared to look exactly like the manner, on the bottom, on the light side..."

Officials at McDord A/C Aerial Phenomena. Check through its official "legitimate" source.

[illegible section]

THIS SKETCH shows the path of Sunday flight over Green Lake area where Malaspina said he saw formations of unidentified craft, according to some reports here.