The image does not contain any photographs, only typed text. 

Form report of sightings:
July 12, 1968

Objects were sighted for several minutes. They moved away from one another and then back towards each other. The objects appeared to be elongated or elliptical in shape. When you first see them, they looked like two cigar-shaped objects and they were also moving very fast. I did say approximately two, when we first got this, because they did come up closer to it, or up to it, and then they went back and started moving away from each other again. Well, when we first got there, we just got out in time to see them. I know they were there, because we were driving along, and we pulled off to the side of the road to get a better look. At first, it looked like they were coming straight toward us. But they started moving away from each other, and then they moved back together, and then they would move apart again. The moving apart, I'd say roughly, was about a mile. At least a mile apart from each other. And when they came back together, I'd say approximately two city blocks. It was just an extremely fast movement. They didn't appear to just be stationary. They were definitely moving. And it was up above the treetops, I'd say maybe 1,000 to 1,500 feet in the air. But they stayed together as a group, you know. They didn't go off in separate directions or anything. They just kind of moved around each other for those several minutes. Then, all of a sudden, they just took off straight up and disappeared. I don't know where they went. I don't know what they were. I can't explain them. Let's just say they were unidentified. I pretend you are an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

July 12, 1968

Objects were sighted for several minutes. They moved away from one another and then back towards each other. The objects appeared to be elongated or elliptical in shape. When you first see them, they looked like two cigar-shaped objects and they were also moving very fast. I did say approximately two, when we first got this, because they did come up closer to it, or up to it, and then they went back and started moving away from each other again. Well, when we first got there, we just got out in time to see them. I know they were there, because we were driving along, and we pulled off to the side of the road to get a better look. At first, it looked like they were coming straight toward us. But they started moving away from each other, and then they moved back together, and then they would move apart again. The moving apart, I'd say roughly, was about a mile. At least a mile apart from each other. And when they came back together, I'd say approximately two city blocks. It was just an extremely fast movement. They didn't appear to just be stationary. They were definitely moving. And it was up above the treetops, I'd say maybe 1,000 to 1,500 feet in the air. But they stayed together as a group, you know. They didn't go off in separate directions or anything. They just kind of moved around each other for those several minutes. Then, all of a sudden, they just took off straight up and disappeared. I don't know where they went. I don't know what they were. I can't explain them. Let's just say they were unidentified.