There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? N/C

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? No

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - NO SOUND b. Color - REDDISH BROWN

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? - (no response)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. - (no image)

OCR Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
N/C
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
IT MOVED BEHIND. TREES
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of. -
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - NO SOUND
b. Color - REDDISH BROWN
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.