The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, discussing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

Well, what happened - I was upstairs reading a book and then I heard the car come down the lane and I heard my wife come in and say something to everybody and everyone was talking and I guess they went outside. I stayed up there and was reading a while longer and I noticed that no one had come back in, so I went out and saw everybody had gone. Everyone told me what happened.

I was looking at that particular direction and then later on - I'd say maybe 8 or 10 minutes after it started - it started to come back. And then it sort of grew - I like to see that closer in intensity. Before it was sort of an odd shape and it sort of took the shape of an oval or sphere. It just sort of seemed to grow for a while, with a little pulsation.

Hynek: Compared to a very bright star, how would you compare it?

I wouldn't compare it to a star. It was much bigger than a star. It would look to me, after it had grown to its size, a pale full moon on a very misty, foggy night. Sort of a halo effect around it.

Hynek: Sort of like a coronal discharge?

The whole object seemed to have what I thought - I guess everyone else got a much closer look that I did. It couldn't say it was like looking at the sun, but there was no fog this time. It was hazy. The night wasn't hazy, the object was hazy.

Hynek: I'm still puzzled by the fact that since the American Nautical Almanac doesn't list it, and I'm an astronomer and I'd know how to figure out the time of the moon and everything, and it doesn't seem to be the moon. What I'm puzzled about is that nobody saw it. It would have been low in the east and only a quarter moon and it's a little surprising that no one saw it. Of course, there may have been so often there are, low clouds toward the eastern horizon which might have obscured it.

I debated about it being the moon, but it didn't seem to have, from where I was looking - there were a few scattered clouds. It wasn't like a heavy overcast or anything. Just a few narrow, band type clouds. But I didn't notice very many. Now I just think that if it was the moon, you would expect to see a lot more cloud cover. It didn't seem to have any particular cloud type over motion when the car was going by.

The motion - were they quite uniform? Did it accelerate or decelerate or what - or what motions did it discontinuous motions?

It seemed to me to be a uniform motion. I started to see a slow motion and then it seemed to get bigger and more intense and then it started to take a shape rather than just sort of a corner of some sphere, out to a round shape, a circular shape. Now using a fence post and another sort of - on the ground, it seemed to move, just very slightly, very slowly to one side, and back again to the original position.