This document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Department of Commerce publication that includes daily weather maps for the weekly series from April 22-28, 1968.

Transcribed text:

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE/Environmental Science Services Administration/Environmental Data Service

DAILY WEATHER MAPS
WEEKLY SERIES APRIL 22-28, 1968

The charts in this publication are a 
continuation of the principal charts 
in the Weather Bureau's publication, 
the Daily Weather Map. They include 
the Surface Weather Map, the 500-milli-
bar Chart, the Highest and Lowest Temper-
ature Chart, and the Daily Precipitation 
Chart. All of the charts on this page are 
arranged on a single page of this publi-
cation. The operational weather maps prepared by 
the United States Weather Bureau at 
Washington, D.C. are the source.

The High-Low Temperature Chart presents 
the highest and lowest temperatures at the 
principal weather stations, which are the same 
as those used regularly in the Daily Weather Map. 
An explanatory sheet is available, and 
may be obtained by writing to: 
Environmental Science Services Administration, 
C&GS 12143, Rockville, Maryland 20852

The Surface Weather Map presents 
station data and the analysis for 7:00 
a.m. e.s.t.

The areas of precipitation are
indicated by shading. The weather
symbols are used in the legend for
a fraction of those that are included
in the operational weather maps on
which the analyses are based. Only 
the principal lines of the 500-millibar
contours are shown, and the contours
are labeled in decagrams per square
centimeter. The arrows show the wind
direction and speed at the 500-millibar
level.

The Highest and Lowest Temper-
atures Chart presents the maximum
and minimum values for the 24-hour 
period ending at 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. The 
names of the reporting points can be 
obtained from the Surface Weather 
Map. The maximum temperature is 
plotted above the station location, and 
the minimum temperature is plotted
below this point.

The Precipitation Ares and Amount
Chart indicates by means of shading
the areas that had precipitation on 
the 24 hours ending at 7:00 a.m. 
e.s.t. Amounts of precipitation in 
hundredths of an inch are for the same 
period. Incomplete totals are indi-
cated by the symbol "T".

Departures from normal are shown 
in the upper right hand corner. Amounts of 
snow on the ground in inches as of 
7:00 a.m. of the previous day.