The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Department of the Air Force letterhead, addressed to Colonel Robert C. Kintz, discussing the sighting of an unidentified flying object in Buffalo County, Wisconsin.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT RESERVE
AREA REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE

Major Roger L. Hartman
Unidentified Flying Objects

Colonel Robert C. Kintz
Asst. Director, plans/Operations
Chanute Technical Ing. Center
Chanute Air Force Base, Illinois

Dear Mr. Kintz:

This is in reply to your request in your letter of 17 April 1968 concerning the sighting of the unidentified flying object in Buffalo County, Wisconsin.

The report was made by a Mrs. Cochrane, Cochrane, Wisconsin, 54622, to a Buffalo County Traffic Officer, H. A. Ziegebein, who also lives in Cochrane, Wisconsin. Mr. Ziegebein received the report at about 8:20 or 8:25 P.M. on April 3, 1960. His station is near where they sighted the object. Mrs. Cochrane and Cochrane, Wisconsin at a point in the road known as then
"passed my home and made the report to me, knowing that I was a Major in the USAF (Res.) and active as District Attorney for Buffalo
County."

I then phoned Mrs. Cochrane and knowing that she was a school teacher, I questioned her in detail as to what she had observed. She estimated that she and her son observed the object for 15 to 20 minutes. She stated that it seemed to be about the size of a car and was bright or luminous but not sharply defined. She said the object hovered about 40-50 feet above the power lines and at times seemed to pulsate. They observed no sound, and there was no trail of any kind.

I have retained a photostatic copy of this and you may, therefore, keep this report.  I am sorry it is not in better penmanship but believe you will be able to read it.

The telephone number of Mrs. Cochrane, in Cochrane, Wisconsin is also given. The witness, her son T. lives with her at the same address. The Buffalo County Traffic Officer, H. A. Ziegebein, may be contacted at telephone number at Cochrane, Wisconsin 16 608-248-2235.

If my office may be of any further help, please call on me.

Very truly yours,
Roger L. Hartman
Box 337
Alma, Wisconsin