This document does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

Lt. Colonel, Hector Quintanilla -2-   December 4, 1968

Very faulty. Frankly, if this office is to be continued in the Air Force, I think they should re-examine my recommendations, which were not made lightly, and completely revise again the questionnaire. And I would be glad to work along with you, sharpening up some of my questions, and answering objections that may very well be legitimate to my earlier suggestions. And it wouldn't cost the Air Force a cent. 

Besides, perhaps it is necessary. I would like to pay another visit to Wright-Patterson and spend a couple of days working with you and talking about the problems. Perhaps the Air Force has a direct flight from Random Field to Wright Field. 

One other thing concerning my philosophy. I think the Air Force has been much too conservative in their evaluations of reports. They keep on the list of unknowns until it is solved beyond all shadow of doubt. The well-known Hynek case is an excellent example. He keeps on the list of unsolved, with his combined conservatism and lack of imagination, refuses to accept the explanation I advanced in "The World of Flying Saucers." I think there is absolutely no question of this particular case. And I feel frustrated that the Air Force still apparently identifies it either as an "inexplicable balloon" or "unknown."

By the way, what is the exact status? I think that the balloon was perhaps an initial stimuli, but the plasma familiar with undoubtedly the force of the "dog fight."

I feel that, just as soon as one can suggest a reasonable natural solution, all is to be classified and taken off the books. Otherwise, the cranks and the believers will still keep it on as a probable UFO from outer space. Moreover, they will say that the Air Force believes that these phenomena are from outer space. 

Yes, I noted with some satisfaction the defeat of Congressman---. 

I don't know that you have seen my Martians, clearly inhabitants of the UFOs. I am sending a few of them to you. I hope you and your wife enjoy them. With the Seasons Greetings, I am

Cordially yours,
Donald H. Menzel

DHM:md 
Enclosure