The image does not contain any photographs. It is a newspaper article from the Dayton Journal Herald dated July 15, 1968, with the headline "No UFO, But There's A Message!".

The text of the article is as follows:

NO UFO, BUT THERE'S A MESSAGE!
By Henry Scarupa
Journal Herald Staff Writer

What Kurt Miller, a bartender in Dayton, saw in the skies over Dayton in his Cessna 172 "pipers" began to see "flying saucers".

This phone rings repeatedly at the Wright-Patterson Air Force base (WPAFB) command post with reports of strange blinking lights.

The next day, Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla Jr., head of Project Bluebook at WPAFB which looks into UFO sightings (unidentified flying objects), calls Montegomery county airport where a single-engine plane was up the night before.

Miller, 25, a tall, lanky commercial pilot from Lebanon, Pa., was an NBC news dealer as Bar Barnes aerial advertising. Attached to the underside of his Piper Cub were 300 shaving messages he plopped out at random.

At 9:39 p.m. as dusk was falling, Miller guided the small red and white plane into the air, and leveled off at 1,400 feet. Below were 3 thousand of Dayton's lights blinking as if in response to the plane's underside. The advertising that attached to his plane is barely visible.

Miller pointed ahead to a heavy cluster of lights stretching along like a string of pearls - it was the Main Street, The below cloud was over Main Street, and the darkened mass of the Green Hills Mall area was eerily lighted. Suddenly the flashing lights moving mysteriously across the sky stopped as a Dayton Herald reporter accompanied Miller on a flight over Dayton, serving as a crew member handling the advertising console.

At 9:39 p.m. as dusk was falling, Miller guided the small red and white plane into the air, and leveled off at 1,400 feet. Below were 3 thousand of Dayton's lights blinking as if in response to the plane's underside. The advertising that attached to his plane is barely visible.

The UFO alarm is usually sounded by individuals too far away to read the message, looking enough to discern the flashing lights moving mysteriously across the sky.
Recently a Dayton Herald reporter accompanied Miller on a flight over Dayton, serving as a crew member handling the advertising console.

Making a radio contact with Cox Municipal airport, Miller told the tower he would be in the southeast quadrant for the next 15 minutes. This information, in turn, was relayed by the side of the steel-frame structure of the tower, to planes leaving and landing for safety.

Being a "UFO" pilot has other hazards, Miller said. Several years ago a farmer blasted a shotgun at an advertising plane flown by Miller, rows, while mistaking the lights for a UFO. The plane ends up away from a gasoline tank, but failed to hit a vital part.

From time to time Miller gets on irate phone calls from a middle-down woman who identifies herself as a member of a society that believes in UFOs. She calls Miller a "fly" for the Air Force, arguing that the military wants to behead the fact there are UFO's visiting earth.
Miller, who flies two or three hours an evening, likes fast flying and working the console. "I guess it's the lights," he remarked. "It's like Christmas every day. When you look down at night, everything seems brighter."