There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

June 11, 1969

Headquarters U.S. Air Force
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Attention: D.R. Ettenson
Colonel, USAF

Dear Colonel Ettenson:

On April 2, 1969 I wrote to the White House on a UFO I had seen and was unable to give an explanation. I filled out the questionnaire and sent it in the envelope you instructed which was addressed to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio. I have not received an evaluation as of this date though I know it takes some time.

On May 13, 1969, I wrote to Ramey Air Force Base in Arundel, Puerto Rico to see if they could give me an explanation because I had not received an answer from Wright-Patterson. I started seeing the object again on May 15, so I immediately wrote another letter to the Commandant asking them to please hurry the evaluation. I didn't receive anything back from them, so I told them that we could not have a telephone or one nearby us that we could use. Besides we have a car in service of an emergency. So could, because this object takes ten minutes to travel across the sky and by the time I get a telephone and they launch an aircraft to investigate, it will have disappeared.

It seems that the letter I wrote on May 13, 1969 to Ramey Air Force Base was forwarded to New York and I received an answer from Lt Col Retund: the one who answered this letter was Capt Sgt GC (RC) AFO New York 09845. The ones who answered this letter was the one that commanded in Puerto Rico that I had written to first, and indicated in my sightings and that if I should see it again to get a call through to the Puerto Rico Air Force here in Puerto Rico so that they could launch an aircraft to investigate. As I told them in my first letter, I have no way of contacting them quickly. Now I wrote them this second letter on May 19 the morning. It was cloudy and I was unable to observe the object but I did see an airplane travel in the exact direction I had indicated to them. I am almost sure it was an Air Force plane because it made a tremendous noise like a super-sonic airplane.