The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

TRANSLATIONS OF SIGNIFICANT ARTICLES FROM THE ICELANDIC NEWSPAPERS 
Prepared by S.T.
15 December 1962

NO EXPLANATION OF THE STRANGE LIGHTS SEEN FROM THORSHAVN
The strange lights seen by many residents of Thorshavn recently remain unexplained. The lights were seen in the southern sky, and they were of different colors - red, green and blue. The film was developed by the police and the persons at whose home it was taken, but it is impossible to make an adequate interpretation of it. It appears to show a balloon, but various people have opinions on what it was. This is not certain.
At least 25 persons watched this in the sky and some of them even felt that the phenomena were present. This strange and bright display of lights and red color did not last very long.

We talked with Thorstein Indridason yesterday and he told us that the intensity of the light increased and then it gradually decreased and vanished. He said that all those who saw the phenomenon were able to describe it in the same way. There was no cloud or fog around the area where the lights were seen. Several people tried to photograph the lights but according to the information given, the pictures did not come out very well. There was an attempt to observe the lights through binoculars, but this did not help to identify them.

Thorstein also told us that one Thorlakson resident, who is considered a reliable witness, said that he saw three objects in the sky, one of them much brighter than the others. This object seemed to move faster than the others and changed color several times. However, the witness could not make out the exact shape of the objects.
As this report indicated yesterday, many who were in Vestmannaeyjar at the time said that they saw the same kind of lights in the evening. The lights were strong and lit up the area where they were. The light seemed to move very slowly and changed direction several times. It lasted about 10-15 minutes.