There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a written transcript of a conversation.

The text in the document is as follows:

Hynek: That must mean that either it had clouded up or that this occurred earlier than you thought. If it occurred before midnight then you probably wouldn't have seen the moon because it takes a little time to rise. If you had to put something up in the sky by magic, so to speak, what thing would you choose to put up there that would most closely resemble it?

: I don't know.

Hynek: Something like a Christmas tree ornament or a flashlight bulb - just something common - what would you put up there that would most closely resemble the shape and all that?

: Well, the shape just looked like a flat light, just like the moon would look, but it was sort of a reddish orange. 

Hynek: Well, if it's anything like a familiar object, how many degrees did it move from the time that you first saw it 'till the time that it disappeared?

: Let's see, I would say it would swing pretty close to 20°.

Hynek: What are the possibilities that the thing could have been a helicopter or something like that with a bright light on it?

: No, because if you could see anything like that, you could have heard some engine noise.

Hynek: Well, there were noises, but it sounded like - in the report it was described as sort of a groaning sound.

: Well, that was one that we had seen back about 11 years ago.

Hynek: Describe the noise, the sound, of this one.

: I didn't hear too much of a noise.

Ardene heard the noise when it was over her and close to her.

: I didn't hear too much of a noise on this one.

: We smelled a funny odor.

Hynek: For about how long?

: I would say about 20 minutes after the thing disappeared.

: It got lighter as it would disappear and come back.

Hynek: When it disappeared and came back, how did you judge that - did it simply get brighter and change or simply move across the sky?