The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

NICAP MASS SIGHTING UFO REPORT # 6-26 - Maiden, Mass. - 20 APRIL 1968 - 2:00AM
SIGHTING BACKGROUND By - Raymond E. Fowler
I received a telephone call from the Maiden Police Department on Saturday morning, April 20, 1968, informing me that at 2:35 AM a resident of Maiden, Massachusetts had reported that her mother had seen a UFO earlier that morning.
The young lady who called me stated that her mother, who wished to remain anonymous, had observed a lighted object in the sky from her home between 2:00 and 2:15 AM that morning. It was described as a domed-shaped object with a pointed top and surrounded by a reddish glow. Its estimated size was 40-50 feet in diameter and it was about 500 feet in altitude. It hovered for several minutes, made a loud "swishing" sound, and then descended in a fluttering motion as if it would seemingly catch itself and rise up again. After descending, it disappeared from sight.
I immediately contacted Investigators Hynek and Salvatore and dispatched them to the scene. They were able to interview the witness at her home at 4:00 PM and the following is a consolidation of their investigation.
THE WITNESS
Mrs. Power is a 60 year old widow who lives with her unmarried son and daughter. She was awakened from her sleep around 2:00 AM by the presence of a bright light in her bedroom. Looking out the window, she observed the large, domed-shaped object at an angle of approximately 45 degrees. Initially, she appeared tense and a bit overwhelmed at the instance created by her encounter with the phenomenon in question.
FIRST PERSON NARRATIVE By Robert Salvatore
I was awakened at approximately 2:00 AM on the morning of April 20, 1968 by a loud noise which sounded like a electric motor. Looking out the window, I observed a large, hovered object, approximately 40-50 feet in diameter, about 500 feet off the ground. It had a bright, glowing dome on top and a reddish glow surrounding the object. I got out of bed and walked about 3 feet to a window looking east at an angle of about 50 degrees (using the house as a particular) and observed the object hovering and moving slowly from right to left. It appeared to float as it moved slowly. As the object moved, the reddish glow appeared to fluctuate, with a pulsating motion. After about a minute, the object appeared to float to my left (NW) out of my vision. It appeared at this point to float out of my house. I shortly thereafter heard a loud "whooshing" sound and a vibration which I felt through the floor. The sound was like the sound of a large engine being throttled up and then throttled down. It lasted approximately 2-3 seconds. The object did not stop or behave in any manner which might indicate the arrival or departure of occupants. During the time interval of the sighting, 2 to 3 cars went directly behind the house, but did not stop or behave in any manner which might indicate the arrival or departure of occupants.