There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document, produced using OCR:

between the two poles, but left the high tension wire a disintegrated instead of visible by the shape of the wire to the moon object passed. 

If you would like to question me, the next time I am in New York, let me know if I will be glad to answer any questions whatever.

Very sincerely,
(Signed)

Experienced UFO investigators usually become suspicious of "repeaters" -- persons who say they have frequently seen UFOs, but since they cannot produce any physical evidence to back up their claims and since their reports have many inconsistencies, they are considered unreliable informants.

Mr. says he spends much of his time out-of-doors with his "eyes peeled." Cuming County, Nebraska, where he allegedly observed the UFO, is a sparsely populated rural area, and it is doubtful whether their records showed any disturbance or outage on the lines through the ground from a supposed voltage breakdown.

The report states that the object seen was about 50 feet in diameter and 30 feet thick. The light was an estimated 6,500 volts and the lines are approximately 25 feet apart. Since the grounds are low resistance, it is assumed that the lines ran due east through the Cuming farm.

Shortly in response, Mr. sends a map with cast the report in a new light. It stated that the object had been sighted on July 28 at approximately 12:10 a.m., about 5 miles north-west of Albion, Boone County, IOWA.

There were numerous eyewitness reports on the matter, including one from the crew of a United Airlines plane approximately 180 miles east of the Atlantic headed west toward Omaha. Several ground observers at Atlantic, east of the object's reported location, also reported a "flaming object" moving at high speeds in a west to east direction. It is said if it could still see the object trail at an altitude estimated at 60,000 ft.

The investigators concluded that the matter was a "daytime astronomical phenomenon" called the "Omaha Firewall," whereby a large meteor or similar object, visible for miles, plunges earthward and sometimes explodes into fragments, giving the appearance of a "flying saucer." It was really the meteor firewall, and the possibilities are that a larger meteor or meteroite was burning out of the atmosphere, but not near the ground as had been reported.

Immediately asked how certain he was of the time of his sighting. Had he estimated the time or was it based on consultation with someone who noted the time? He said he had estimated the time, so his estimate was only approximate. He said he had returned to work "after a long noon hour which did not begin until well after 12 noon."