There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information form related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FO

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. 
Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement you make unless you give us permission to do so. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Hour: 8:00
Day: 10
Month: May 
Year: 6 9

2. Time of day: 8:00 Minutes

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central 
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
West Carrollton, Montgomery County, Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: 15 Minutes: 00 Seconds: 00

6. What was the condition of the sky?
Day: CLEAR
NIGHT: CLEAR

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

8. If you saw the object:
(Circle One) a. Rising
b. Descending 
c. Moving horizontally
d. Stationary

9. What were the weather conditions when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. CLOUDS
b. HAZE
c. CLEAR
d. OTHER

10. The object:
(Circle One) a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared colored, what color was it?
NOT APPLICABLE

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Sharply defined
b. Fuzzy

13. Did the object:
(Circle One) a. Appear to stand still at any time
b. Suddenly speed up
c. Break up
d. Give off smoke 
e. Change color
f. Flash on and off
g. Disappear and reappear

The text provided appears to be a standard UFO sighting report form used by the U.S. Air Force as part of Project Blue Book, a historic program to investigate unidentified flying objects.