The image contains a newspaper article with the headline "UFOs Just Debri, Bl". The article includes a photograph that appears to be a set of drawings depicting what are described as "so-called UFOs". The article mentions that the "COMPLETED file" regarding these reports is being examined by officials.

DAYTON DAILY NEWS, TUESDAY, JULY 16, 1968
UFOs JUST DEBRI, BL
By DALE HUFFMAN
Daily News Staff Writer
At about 3:15 p.m. EDT on July 3rd, a
group of four persons reported seeing two
objects flying north on I-75 between Cincinnati and Dayton, Ohio. The objects later maneuvered and appeared to be coming down
"in perfect formation" about 3 miles apart, according to the eye-witness account of three
they observed in the sky.
They were in perfect formation, the
witness's later reported to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, and they appeared to
be five minutes, trying to keep an eye on
the flight and going into a cloud.
BUT IN HOUSE no one would
think they were highly imaginative or insane,
the main theme at the objects seemed to be
the military would have to come up as the
mine if they were flying horizontally or
descending.
On the same night, Master Sgt.
Ricky Story, a home in Springfield for the
past
three years, was driving on U.S. Route 68
near Dayton. He observed the sky glow as if
from the flame of a jet engine and several odd,
unidentified lights in the sky.
Back in 1961, a case was called "out for
a better case" at Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base.
WHAT THEY SAW, Mike reported
yesterday that the object which appeared to
be an Buick was observed with a small object
trailing it like a satellite orbit.
Reports poured into Lt. Col. Hector
Quintanilla, chief of Blue Book. One housewife said her dog had barked between two
objects as they approached and "seemed
petrified to death"
when they left
an area.
Another man said he had to
the U2 object which flew over his
light.

QUINTANILLA LOOKS AT PHOTOS OF SO-CALLED UFOS
The COMPLETED file when finally ever saw and Eastern United States on Mar. 4,
compiled by Quintanilla shows that were taken from the Bond 4 Research space launching.
drawings some persons sent him of the objects they observed. He reported to eye"WE NEVER HAVE SEEN, nor will we
witnesses:
again, any air paorte or other phenomenon resembleing those photographs which were reported
And to date it is the most thoroughly by misguided and unwise human beings."
documented case "falling into the blueThe completed report and file in the
book," for all purposes, the case is closed.
matter was sent that night to Air Force of
Earlier this month the Air Force of- ficials. Quintanilla said the report by his staff
ficially confirmed it's earlier assessment totally supported his earlier belief that the
that the fiery objects seen over Michigan flying objects seen over Michigan and recorded
by observers were caused by weather by observers were nothing more than the booster
phenomenon and not by UFO's and unscheduled air
launches of new types of space vehicles.