There is no photograph or image visible in this scanned document. The document appears to be a newspaper article from the New York Times, dated July 2, 1968, with the headline "Flying Saucer Is Traced to Space Shot by Soviet".

OCR (Optical Character Recognition) text output:

FLYING SAUCER IS TRACED TO SPACE SHOT BY SOVIET
Continued From Page 1, Col. 3
in the air. Another said that 72 perons on the ground told the Air Force that they saw the object.
In 1968 the U.S. Air Force launched a Thor-Agena satellite into the skies with the U.F.O. visit. A science magazine, which told of this incident, said, "The official conclusion is that this 'flying saucer' was identical to the U.F.O. with a Satellite-tracking antenna on its nose."
The U.F.O. reports are channeled through the United Air Lines office in Denver, which channels them to the Federal Aviation Agency in Washington, which in turn channels them to the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, known as NICAP, in Washington. NICAP is a private organization that collects pilot and other U.F.O. reports.
Despite the March flurry of reports, Air Force officials said yesterday that the over-all rate of sightings has remained about normal for the last four years. In Washington, a spokesman for the Air Force said the office had received only 19 reports by the end of March, compared to 77 during the same period last year.
The Air Force, however, says it keeps no statistics on sightings, although the Air Defense Command's monitoring stations do receive some calls. The Air Force says it investigates only those reports that come through proper Defense Department channels.
There was also a slight drop in reported U.F.O. episodes in Michigan and other states during 1967 compared to the previous three years, according to NICAP. The agency has received 196 reports since Jan. 1, 1968, of which 176 have been identified as aircraft,
satellites, planets, stars or other known objects. The remaining 20, covering the period from 1964 to the present, are still under study.