This page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document does not contain any photographs. The text describes a situation where a man inadvertently took a photograph of a UFO while taking pictures of a sunset. The report discusses the man's claim that the photographs are valuable and he does not want to send them to the Air Force, as he has received numerous money offers for them. The report also mentions that the Air Force cannot perform an analysis without the original negatives, and that the man is being told to provide the negatives for verification.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
27 Aug 63
Subj: Photographs, [redacted]
Lt Conaway from the Information Office at Suffolk County AFB called Col Quintanilla on 27 August 1963 at 1445 hours. Lt Conaway said he had a UFO report that seemed rather important. He said the problem was that a man inadvertently took a photograph of a UFO while taking pictures of the sunset. The man claims they are valuable photographs and will not send them into the Air Force because they are so valuable and he has had numerous money offers from magazines. He does not want somebody from the Air Force to come out and look at them though. Lt Conaway said they did not have anyone there who could go out and look at the photographs. Col Quintanilla informed Lt Conaway that the original negatives would have to be looked at by photogrammetry personnel. Therefore, if the gentlemen wishes to have the Air Force look at the photographs he will have to send the original negatives in and also provide the data required in AFR 80-17. Col Quintanilla told Conaway that this man is probably trying to get the Air Force to say that his photographs are authentic. Well all photographs are authentic, but the UFOs aren't. The man who took the photographs is Mr. [redacted] of a New York Advertising Agency and is a professional photographer. Col Quintanilla told Lt Conaway that if he speaks with Mr. [redacted] on the telephone to insure that his secretary is on the telephone to verify the conversation. Lt Conaway will inform the man that the Air Force cannot perform an analysis without the original negatives and that he will be happy to forward the original negatives to the proper personnel for analysis.