This document page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter addressed to "Major Hector Quintanilla, Director, Project Blue Book, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio". The letter describes an incident that occurred on the night of January 23, 1963 when the writer was dispatched to investigate an unidentified flying object near Columbus, Ohio. The letter states that the writer was not fully satisfied with the manner in which the incident was handled, and requests that any detailed graphs or drawings of the objects be forwarded to the writer. The letter also lists several organizations that may have conducted detailed and accurate observations of the incident.

Major Hector Quintanilla, Director
Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

I wish to submit, officially, the following report which is a record of my observations the night of 23 Jan 63. My persons observed UFO activity in the Ohio & Indiana areas on 23 Jan 63 at approximately 2000 hours. I have been instructed to forward this report to you. 

The nature of my call was to investigate two bright lights seen by many persons, hovering approximately 2 miles south of the City of Hillsboro in Highland County. At this time I was dispatched our switchboard had already received five calls from public citizens making inquiries into the activity. I proceeded to the area as quickly as possible but these objects were standing quite still. After several minutes the objects made some very unusual maneuvers. They appeared to raise and lower, rotating and darting from side to side for extended periods of time and then, as if under intelligent control, they would remain motionless. The extreme brightness of the objects in question was very impressive to me.

I must say that I am not at all satisfied with the manner in which I was handied this case. I feel however, that it may have been handled this may for security or for some other reason that would not be readily apparent to me.

At this time I will not burden you with a detailed description of my observations, but I do wish to bring to your attention that I am sending eleven detailed graphs showing movements of these objects. One overlay map of the area involved and a copy of the report to Dr. J.J. Snyder of Northwestern University.

To qualify myself at least as a fairly intelligent and accurate observer, offer the following experience where accurate and detailed observations were of utmost importance:

1) Federal Bureau of Investigation, Identification Division 
2) (Top Secret Classification)
3) United States Army, Military Police
4) Recently with Franklin County Sheriff's Department, Columbus, Ohio (current position)

I await your reply and look forward to hearing from you in the near future.

Sincerely,
(Signature)