The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed transcript or document related to a UFO sighting.

Hynek: When you say it was spinning, what movement? Do you mean it was spinning?
Witness: Have you seen these little toys that gyrate - this was the type of spinning. Also once it seemed to have banked and it looked like a quarter turning with the center being on top. It looked like a top, in a way, but I couldn't say it was able to stay in one spot or shoot up directly, quickly, or back and forth.
Hynek: Did it ever pass between you and something?
Witness: No.
Hynek: Did it ever pass in back of something?
Witness: Yes - no, not really. I was the one that was moving at the time. I moved on the way past the tree and that was the only time.
Hynek: I'd like to ask you to do this, with your hand point as though you are pointing your finger at somebody with your arm outstretched, when you first say it, how high would you have to have pointed to it?
Witness: All the way up because it was straight up.
Hynek: You mean when you first saw it, it was straight up?
Witness: When I first saw it, it was straight up and then after that - I don't know, it was written out because first of all I didn't know how serious you people took your lighting, and I might say 2 or 200 angels maybe. It was directly overhead and then later on it was sort of like you.
Hynek: How did it disappear?
Witness: To me it just seemed to have gotten smaller.
Hynek: This whole thing lasted about how long?
Witness: I would say half hour, off and on.
Hynek: I can understand why you wouldn't be looking for the moon at this time, being frightened by this. But do you recall what direction you were coming back from Xenia - trees or hills?
Witness: It was very dark that night because you just couldn't miss it.
Hynek: But I mean in the daytime how does the east look? Does it look ----
Witness: I would say lighter and the sky above, of course, is like everywhere else.
Hynek: What I'm trying to get at is how much of a horizon - can you see clear.