There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Sunday, March 3, 1968, - - - -,Nashville and Davidson County). It was me, my wife and the Baileys. George and I had enjoyed dinner at the Baileys' home in Nashville. About 8:45 PM Central Standard Time and I left the house and walked to the parking lot where the three of us stood talking. I saw a light traveling in the sky a little above the southwest horizon. This light seemed only a bit larger and brighter than a star, and it seemed to be the same color as a star. As I yelled to the others to look, the light became brighter and larger. While I was observing this "traveling light" from a great distance away, it did not look to me that it was traveling in a flat trajectory. Rather, it seemed to travel in a slight arc, and at this point of flight, I began to note the "orangish-colored" trail of light behind the "star-colored" light. You know what I mean. This "orangish" tail or trail was an annoying distraction to me while I was trying to listen for some sound, so I bossed loudly, "Hush with your mouth!" The three of us stood silent, almost motionless, and very much in awe as we realized that the "thing" was headed our way and was coming surprisingly near us! There were some leafless trees in the distance that partially silhouetted our vision, but the "thing" remaining a moment. Then - - VANISH!!! For me, the "thing" is recalling to be the impact on my emotions, for with breath-taking suddenness, the "thing" was merely overhead and seemed to be quite large and close. To be more explicit, the "thing" looked like it was headed directly over the far corner of the house. It was shaped like a fat cigar, in my estimation. I was impressed that it seemed of considerable size - the size of one of our largest airliners, or larger (there goes my minute estimations!). It appeared to have rather square shaped windows along the side that was facing us. I remember the urge to count windows, but other details flashed by too rapidly for me to be positive of the accuracy of my observation.