There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this scanned document. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

34. Did you completed this questionnarie:

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnarie or a narrative explanation of your sighting. As the object, at times passed over trees and building, I estimated 30 minutes of observation. At one point it seemed to hover about tree top height and appeared to be oscillating back and forth. It seemed to be at times round, and other times cylindrical or trumpet shaped. There were times it appeared to change shape and appear elongated or pointed at one end. During this time I observed it to make several apparent maneuvers, such as stopping and starting, changing direction, and also accelerating or increasing its speed. Although at times the object seemed to be only a point of light, at other times it displayed illumination throughout its outline. The object appeared to have no protrusions or appendages, however, certain periods observation led me to believe it was oscillating through some type of motion or pattern that created an illusion of such. Approximate size of the object ranged from a baseball to a basketball held at arm's length. I am not certain as to its actual size, however, as I am not familiar with judging distance and size of object in the heavens. The object was being observed against a clear, blue sky, except for the occasional cloud. It was observed throughout the observation period to gradually gain altitude. Initially it was observed at approximately 45-50 degrees above the horizon, and by the end of the observation period it had gained considerable altitude, perhaps 60-65 degrees. There were no noticeable sounds associated with the object. I did observe two aircraft in the area during the sighting, however, they appeared to be commercial jets and did not seem to have any association with the object. I feel certain that the object I observed was not a conventional aircraft, satellite, or celestial body. Its appearance, motion and lack of sound leads me to conclude it was an unidentified flying object. I would be willing to cooperate fully with any further investigation of this matter.