The image contains a daily weather map from the U.S. Department of Commerce/Environmental Science Services Administration/Environmental Data Service, covering the weekly period of August 26 to September 1, 1968. There is no photograph present in this image.

Transcribing the text from the document:

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE/Environmental Science Services Administration/Environmental Data Service

DAILY WEATHER MAPS

WEEKLY SERIES AUG. 26-SEPT. 1, 1968

The charts in this publication are a continuation of the regular National Weather Bureau publication, the Daily Weather Map. They include, in addition to the Surface Weather Map, the 500-Millibar Chart, the Historical Weather Forecast Chart, and the Daily Precipitation Chart. All of the charts are arranged on a single page of this publication. They are derived from data secured from the National Weather Center Weather Station, the synoptic data of the Surface Weather Map, and the 500-Millibar Chart as well as from other sources.

The Surface Weather Map presents station data and the isobars or lines of equal pressure at the 500-millibar surface at 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. The tracks of well-defined high and low pressure areas are indicated by symbols as shown as dashed lines, and are labeled in degrees Celsius. The arrows show the wind direction and speed at the 500-millibar level.

The temperature pattern is indicated by isotherms, which are lines connecting points of equal temperature, and are labeled in degrees Celsius. The highest and Lowest Temperatures Chart presents the maximum and minimum values of temperature for the 24-hour period ending at 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. The winds of the preceding map are indicated by wind barbs, half and full barbs, showing speed in knots. Areas of precipitation are indicated by shading. The weather records that control the areas of precipitation as shown are quite selective, and are limited in purpose to the operational use of the maps; and on large scale maps, local details cannot be included in the published maps because of lack of space.

Copies of Daily Weather Maps for 48 contiguous States may be obtained from the Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Back copies may also be obtained at a cost of $2.30 per 50 copies. Checks should be made payable to the Superintendent of Documents.