The image contains a newspaper clipping with the headline "VIEWERS DISAPPOINTED: It Looked Like a Saucer, Only It Didn't Woosh". The article describes a sighting of what appeared to be a flying saucer over Dayton, Ohio, but the object did not move in the manner expected of a typical flying saucer. The article mentions that the object was "found and spinning" and that there were lights around the edges. However, the object "didn't look like a plane" according to the witnesses.

Transcribed text from the document:

VIEWERS DISAPPOINTED
It Looked Like a Saucer, Only It Didn't Woosh
"Now I'm not crazy and I don't believe in UFOs, but I just can't explain this," the excited man said as he called the police from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base Friday night.
A policeman from Wright-Patterson calls reported flying saucers came through several times and again nothing was found.
"It didn't look like a plane. It was round and spinning. And there were lights around the edges," Mrs. Esther Dixon Pike Ave. said.
"I WAS WAITING for it to 'woosh,'" so I could say it was one (a flying saucer), but it was just disappearing and that was disappointing.
"I don't know if we were seeing something new or just something that many people all saw at the same time that was probably an airplane, but I still believe it wasn't." The woman who reported this said she has no scientific background but firmly believes in what she saw. "It just might be something that hasn't been explained yet," she said.
The WPAFB spokesman explained the lights by saying that an automobile dealer in the area was using a revolving lighted sign for advertisement.
"BUT WE CAN'T SAY for sure. If this is something unexplained, we will have to investigate the reports, so we just can't say what it was."
Still Auferman, sales manager of Saunders Ford in Mt. Washington, said the same thing was in the air Friday night and should be in use this weekend.
"We've been using it for four or five years and nobody has ever called before," Auferman said.