The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report detailing a UFO sighting near Amarillo, Texas on March 6, 1968.

Text from the document:

DATE: 6 MARCH 1968
PLACE: Highway 287 from Eastern St. to Spur 298
DURATION: 10 minutes (approximate)
NO. VISUAL OBSERVERS: 2
SIZE: 50 - 60 Feet in diameter
DISTANCE: Near overhead
OTHER FEATURES: Red flashing light, and white lights on outer edge
WEATHER: See last page of attachment - Weather Conditions
OBSERVER - NAME: USAF Nurse
ADDRESS: [redacted]
PHONE: [redacted]
REPORTER - NAME: Amarillo AFB, Texas 79111
ADDRESS: [redacted]
PHONE: [redacted]
OCCUPATION: Air Policeman
RECEIVER: Air Police desk, AAFB, Ext 200
DESCRIPTION: Major Hottinger stated that she left her residence at 2:00 a.m. Spring Street in Amarillo AFB where she is a nurse at the base hospital. She was driving north on Eastern St. when she observed an object in the sky which she first took to be a helicopter, but soon realized it was not. She watched the object as it hovered over Highway 287 when she first observed it. She slowed her car and stopped, and the object seemed to come closer to her car, at which time she could see it was a circular object about 50-60 feet in diameter with a red flashing light and white lights around the outer edge. She said she was absolutely amazed at what she was seeing. The object proceeded at a faster rate in a position where she could judge the size, and then it appeared to go straight up into the sky and disappear. She estimated the sighting lasted for about 10 minutes. Major Hottinger then drove to the service station on Highway 287, went into the service station and asked the manager, "Did you see that?" The manager said that he had not seen anything unusual. Major Hottinger then drove to the South Gate Guard House and asked the Air Policeman on duty, Alo Joseph P. Infantini, if he had seen anything unusual, and he said he had not. Major Hottinger then informed him of her experience and then proceeded to her quarters on the hospital.