There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS AERONAUTICAL SYSTEMS DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ASGS/S-5552                    11 April 1968

SUBJECT:  Reported Sighting - UFO

TO:        FTD (Dr. A. J. Cacioppo - TDGS)

1. The attached letter from Charles W. Inglet of the National
Cash Register Company is self-explanatory. Also attached is a
clipping from the Dayton Journal Herald of Thursday, March 7, 1968.

2. I am submitting this material to you since the reported sighting
has a broader implication than a normal UFO. It is apparent that the
objects were space objects with high behavioral characteristic being of
particular interest.

3. I know Mr. Inglet very well through many close community
associations with him over the past eight to ten years. He is the 
Director of Community Relations for NCR, and highly professional in
the areas of government (national, state and local), political science,
organizational and business administration. I consider him as one of
the most capable individuals that I know - outstandingly articulate,
intellectual and exceptionally well versed in national and interna-
tional and complex administrative problems. He has degrees of BA
and MA in Government from Oklahoma University, and has done addi-
tional graduate work at Northwestern. He is of unquestioned integrity
and a very staunch friend, close associate and supporter of the Air
Force.

4. I have discussed this sighting with him. His principal
interest in reporting this sighting is to provide his observations as to
the maneuvering character of the objects and that it was not just another UFO
sighting. Recognizing that the characteristics of the sighting correspond
to a large degree with the probability that some type of space objects
were observed, it was his desire to bring the particular maneuvering
aspects of such objects to the attention of the Air Force.

5. The following particular points were brought out in the discussion
with Mr. *****. [This name has been redacted].