There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a transcript of a conversation or interview related to the Project Blue Book investigation of a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

Hynek: The reason I asked I just wanted to see how it compared in size. Now, as far as brightness is concerned, if you took an automobile headlight, let's say, how far away would you have to put it to have an object about that size and brightness? 
Hynek: Well, it wasn't bright enough to blind you or anything like that. It was just lit up.
Hynek: Was it dim enough so that you could make out anything that the light was attached to?
Hynek: Well, if there were lights on the outside, and the middle was sort of glowing.
Hynek: About how many lights were there altogether? As I really couldn't tell how many.
Hynek: Okay, well, did it ever really stand still at any time? Well, it not more than just a couple of seconds.
Hynek: How close do you think it was to the ground when it was the closest?
Well, there was a telephone pole out there and it seemed to be just about right over that.
Hynek: What impressed you most about the whole thing? Well, I guess the fact that it wasn't an airplane. It was some other object.
Hynek: Now, when you did tell other people, did they believe you, or did they think you were making it up to get some attention?
Well, the fellows that come out checked around for radiation, you know, and they were pretty sure it was just something we were just making up to get some publicity.
Hynek: How did it get to the attention of the Air Force? I told them about it. They were coming and asked her if she heard anything about it, you know, to sort of back me up about it, and she called up there and told them about it.
Who came out to see you?  Somebody from the Air Force base came out.
Hynek: And is he the one who took the pictures? Yes, he took the pictures and asked the questions.
Hynek: I'm glad he did and I'm glad he treated you nicely. Well, I guess there's nothing too much more I can ask you. I'll think it over a little more and try to draw what I saw. I wish you would, and send it to me, and you might have some other things you did would like to add -- after all, it was several months ago.