There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing an incident involving a bright, orange-hued object hovering at about 3,000 ft or so, with a sound similar to a jet engine. The text describes the object accelerating and appearing to stop at about 6-8 miles away, and the observer losing sight of it shortly afterward.

The text also mentions that 14 other people in separate locations reported sighting a similar object, and that an alarm was activated. It discusses the physical characteristics of the object and the weather conditions at the time. The text also notes that the control tower personnel did not see anything, and the report discusses the difficulties in determining whether the object was a physical object or something else.

At about this time a missile maintenance man called in and reported sighting a bright orangish-red object. The object was hovering at about 3000 ft or so, and had a sound similar to a jet engine.  The observer had stopped his car, but he then started it up again. As he started to move the object followed him then accelerated and appeared to stop at about 6-8 miles away. The observer shortly afterward lost sight of it.

In response to the maintenance man's call the B-52, which had continued its penetration run, was vectored toward the visual which was about 10 miles northwest of the base. The B-52 confirmed having sighted a bright light of some type that appeared to be hovering just over or on the ground.

Fourteen other people in separate locations also reported sighting a similar object. Also, at this approximate time, security alarm for one of the sites was activated. This was an alarm for both the outer and inner ring. When guards arrived at the scene they found that the outer door was open and the combination lock on the inner door had been moved. The weather was generally misty, the temperature was 39-43 deg F and the wind 5-10 knots.

He did not have all the information such as: whether it had been painted by the radars at the control tower? If control tower personnel had sighted anything unusual? If he had compared the sighting with the design and elevation from the newspaper clippings, to determine if they were looking at the same object or if they could have been possibly looking at stellar bodies? He also, got Merrick did not have an exact time sequence for the events.

Col Merrick agreed and said that he would gather the information.