There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a New York Times article dated July 2, 1968 with the headline "Flying Saucer Is Traced to Space Shot by Soviet".

OCR Text Output:
FLYING SAUCER IS TRACED TO SPACE SHOT BY SOVIET
Continued From Page 1, Col. 3
WASHINGTON, July 1, — The U.S. Air Force said today that a reported flying saucer sighting in Ohio and several other areas was traced to a space shot launched by the Soviet Union.
The Air Force said a Satellite-tracking team had actually identified the bright lights seen in the sky over Lexington, Ky., and Pittsburg, Pa., as the rocket stages of a Soviet satellite launched on May 1, 1968. This satellite is designated Cosmos 216.
The office has been piecing together the details of the incident, which came in the wake of a nationwide sighting on June 15. The office said the June 15 sighting, which received wide TV and newspaper coverage, also has been identified as a natural phenomenon - probably the re-entry of a Soviet satellite.
The Air Force said there have been several other recent incidents in which U.F.O. reports have been traced to space shots or natural phenomena.
It said the latest Ohio "sighting" was the result of a March 6 Soviet space shot that released a rocket stage on re-entry. A number of the reports received in that case, it said, could be attributed to seeing the re-entry of that missile stage.
In the Ohio case, the office said, the Air Force received several reports, some of them from police departments, that a bright object had been sighted in the sky, apparently descending. It said these reports were received over a wide area, including Dayton and Portsmouth, Ohio.
After investigation, the office said, it was able to identify the object as the rocket casing of a Soviet satellite launched on March 6, 1968, which had re-entered the atmosphere on that date over the Ohio area.
The office said it reached this conclusion after a study of satellite-tracking reports and information developed by the U.S. Air Force Satellite Control Facility and the North American Air Defense Command.
The Air Force said the Ohio sighting, like the June 15 nationwide incident, had stimulated a large number of enquiries and reports to the U.F.O. office. It said that in both cases, its investigators were able to trace the sightings to natural causes.