The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a photograph of what seems to be a slab of ice taken from a pond where strange lights were observed. The text below the image describes the incident, including that the lights were "unidentified bright lights" that caused confusion among the residents of the ice pond. The text also mentions that the lights were observed for several hours over the weekend, and that the incident was "strangely unusual" according to the witness.

Now, acting as an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

A Slab of Ice taken from the pond where strange lights were seen last weekend is held by C. Smith. This photo was taken after they had melted away after approximately an hour's observation. The pond is in the background, noted since ice on the pond after the lights were seen.

Unidentified Bright Lights, Ice Pond Confuse Residents

by Nancy Nelson

"You've seen the strangest thing I've ever seen in my life," commented the U.S. Weatherman Monday as he met me on the street. This was in reference to the unidentified bright light and an undetermined kind of display which occurred over the weekend.

The U.S. Weatherman said it was "strangely unusual" that bright lights were seen over the pond last Sunday after 2 two-hours of durnation. The lights were so bright they practically eliminated the darkness of the evening.

Mrs. C. Smith, who lives at the pond, said it began about 7:15 when she and her family noticed some bright lights out over the pond. "We called the others to come and see," she said. "At first we thought maybe someone was out there with a flashlight, but the lights were so bright they lit up the whole area."

Mrs. Smith said the lights would go out, then come back again, sometimes hovering just above the surface of the ice, other times shooting up into the sky. The display continued for several hours.

One neighbor said she "could not believe her eyes" when she saw the lights. "I've never seen anything like that before in my life," she commented.

Another resident of the area joined Mrs. Smith in her yard to watch the unusual phenomenon. "I've lived here for years and I've never seen anything like that," he said. "It was really strange."

Bill McGinnis, who owns property adjoining the pond, also watched the display. "It was a strange thing. I've never seen anything like it before," he stated.

The lights, described as unidentified and bright, remained in the area for a couple of hours. Reportedly they were seen by several persons in the immediate vicinity of the ice pond.

"After they disappeared, there was a slab of ice about 12 inches thick in spots, Boone said. The residents hurried over and the ground around the pond seemed firmer and more solid after the lights had gone."

Weatherman Don Burke, who was called to investigate, said on the spot he could not explain the phenomenon. He confirmed that there was no water on the ice, but he could not account for the strange lights.