There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a scanned UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

Transcribed text:

It was heading out that way when I came out and they just saw, glancing at it, they'd say, that could have been the moon, but it definitely kept on its movement.

How low to the horizon did it get when Mr. [redacted].....

I think it was still pretty high up. It was not down, it was over that it was...[say we're looking at the tree--it was at least 12 feet above the trees all the time. But then it was moving to the left and to the right.

When that sort of motion went on--if you had a ruler in front of you held out at arm's length, can you describe the number of inches it would have moved right or left or up and down. 

It would move almost a foot. And then it went up and then it seemed to disappear for a while, but it came back again, and it came back again, and then it started going--it was definitely only one object, not two. Movement such as this, and changing shapes and colors that rapidly definitely was not the moon.

Let me get the shape of it. You said it looked like a cut of a pie?

Yes, a quarter piece of pie at one instance. It looked like a round saucer, maybe the bottom part of it, and then it seemed to take a dip or turn and all of a sudden it looked like a quarter piece of pie.

I don't remember whether in your report you drew a picture of it.

Now that you know, as you put it, that someone is taking it seriously, I'm wondering whether you would be kind enough to redraw that from memory and give us a few more notations of directions, and shapes?

Now just with paper and pencil, toward the middle, toward the top you put a dot. Now just make it round from one point to the other, except this is a large hunt which is going with that. What as it looked like this it was a yellow-gold.

How long did it take you to get home from the time you first saw it?

I wouldn't say any more than a few minutes.

How long altogether did the other people see it?

All of them saw it the same amount of time. I saw it just a few minutes more traveling time.