The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the University of California Press addressed to Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Director of the Dearborn Observatory, regarding a UFO sighting incident.

Text extracted from the document:

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA PRESS
BERKELEY • LOS ANGELES • NEW YORK
2223 Fulton Street
Berkeley, California • 94720
April 15, 1968
Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Director
Dearborn Observatory
Evanston
Illinois 60201
RE: UFO's

Dear Dr. Hynek:

Saturday evening, April 13, 1968, eight of us had a rather unusual experience with some reports of UFO's.

This letter is not a hoax, as the men who witnessed this phenomenon are quite reputable and would certainly not do so. If you need a list of names I shall be happy to supply you with them.

We were just departing from a friend's home high on a dark hill in XXXX (about 15 miles from our home). As we drove, we had been drinking a little while standing in the street saying goodby, when one of the kids noticed something on the horizon, standing out quite clearly. At first we thought it was a star or planet, but it soon became evident that it was no star or planet. It was a bright light, very brilliant, changing colors from deep red to white. It appeared to be quite large, perhaps 20 to 30 feet in diameter, but there was no shiny or metallic reflection such as we would not determine the size or shape - except to say it was very eerie and unlike anything we had ever seen before. As the object came closer, moving rapidly, we could see it had a definite oval shape - almost like a huge football - but there were no protruding parts that we could make out. It was quite high, perhaps 2,000 to 3,000 feet up as near as we could judge by the stars. The object passed directly overhead, emitting no sound whatsoever. It then banked sharply and continued on out toward the bay, where it seemed to disappear in a haze over the horizon.

My friend said it could have been anywhere from 1,000 feet to 5,000 feet high as there was no way to judge the elevation.

The objects seemed to dart about, moving rapidly to the west, then suddenly it would turn and head back the other way. In order to observe it better, we started our car and followed it for a few minutes, but it soon left us far behind and we lost sight of it.

I would appreciate it if you would let me know if there have been any other reports of similar sightings in this area. Please let me know if I can be of any further assistance. Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

RECEIVED
APR 17 1968
ASTRONOMY DEPARTMENT
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY