There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a scanned document containing text. I will now proceed to extract the text from the document:

10. 1930, the city's electric-light system 12a up and vent due during the discharge of the capacitor condenser and verch growth. A 24-inch witness of the Nygeman firewall stated that "the firewall caused the electric system to shut off on 2 or our main street" houses in urn, 
This report was not corroborated by other observers. (14) Ware (15) gives another account of a farm two miles south of Cueing and Watch witnessed by a man who saw "apparently bright" football near Charleston. Such glows have appeared frequently during electrical storms in this region. 
On the signal reacted at the ageor weather parson from a Radiasund, the radiasund was located at an altitude of 10,000 ft. and the signal wand located in a high powered radio. A high-powered mount was located at a distance of 10,000 ft, and the signal was picked up intermittently as the object of observation.
Borne observations indicated that the electromagnetic wave associated with the electrical-line currents of 1,000 V reached a maximum amplitude when 12 mr of the 2340 mc wave received a strong signal from the direct at the antenna of which they were in contact.
Because the line was disconnected at the time the shock was fair, it is concluded that a strong burst of the initial radiation followed with a slow charge because the line capacitor charged to a high volt-age and then grounded due to arc breakdown. This type of analysis suggested that the above example, the general disturbances, and the power voltage current changes can be correlated with the electrical manifestations in series. The causes, however, must be different, for corporal disturbances are magnetically produced. 
Requests 22 incidents during firewall passage are difficult to maneuver, and the following parameters which are available are inadequate because of many complexities which are indefinite and inconsistent. Because of new reports observed, inconsistencies of some representations are suggested.
The most recent was in 1959, when two members of the Hunnton Museum noted that the object was silvered and 40 ft. in diameter and that it was followed by the flight of a red fireball.