There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a report or document, likely from Project Blue Book, discussing various UFO-related matters.

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
60 GARDEN STREET
CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS 02138

CABLE ADDRESS "OBSERVATORY"

AREA CODE 617 863 7600

October 28, 1968

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla, Jr., USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Headquarters of the Air Force
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Dear Hector:

Thank you for all of the interesting data you sent. I had seen the brilliant article. I simply cannot understand Hynek. I could support the idea of an international UFO project only on the idea that it might take our project off the more serious worries of the world. Scientifically, the idea is of course nonsense. I have not seen the notice in the Electronic Laboratories for September 30. I agree with you. If I, too, am completely disgusted off the record, I would say that if I were in your shoes, I would terminate the contract. That contract is of no consequence to us.

While at the AIAA meetings in New York while the American Astronautical Society was holding its meetings, I was approached through a special panel, endeavoring to pass judgment on the Condon Report. This would be completely unacceptable and embarrassing. One knows in advance from the personnel involved what the answer will be. Incidentally, I was in New York while the American Astronautical Society was holding its meetings, and was surprised to hear of the UFO Travel Committee. I have no information, though, as to what transpired, because I was busy otherwise. I think your censure of 15 October is certainly deserved, but far too restrained.

I apologize for not having replied earlier to your letter of 10 October and its interesting enclosures. But I was busy myself on a project of the Interplanetary Astronomical Union, naming craters on the far side of the moon. Following that, I spent the week in Colorado.

I was very much interested in the Czechoslovakian report. It is almost certainly St. Elmo's fire as you surmised.