The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to a UFO report made to the Harding County Sheriff's Department on May 29, 1968.

REPORT ON Unidentified flying object reported by John Stevenson, Route Road, Harding,
TO Donald A. Westmoreland
AS of 10:15 P.M. on 5/29/68, an object was observed to me a Mr. XXXXX, who resided on Range Road, Harding, Wisconsin. This is across the Harding Ranger Station, in reference to his report on a UFO.
No witnesses were interviewed. The following report is as to the extent data has X xxxxx, who was just going about his regular duties when he heard this sound (like the flying saucers on TV) he came out of his kitchen and was staring through the kitchen when his daughter walked out about 25 yards out of the building.
He stated to her the following: "Do you see that thing out there in the sky?" She stated "Yes, I see it." Accordingly, he and his daughter watched this object for about 15 minutes as it appeared to be just hovering and maneuvering in the sky. He stated that this strange object was in a downward-slght position to him. As he stared drawing) it appeared very bright(like the light of and slowly reduced in size and finally disappeared in a southwesterly direction. According to his time length and observation, this object was in existence for about 20 minutes. He has no idea as to the size of the object, but it appeared to be very large and round in shape. The color he stated was a bright white light, much brighter than any of the planets or stars he has observed. He stated it did not waver or move back and forth, but just appeared to hover in one spot and then slowly disappeared in a southwesterly direction.
Walter Martiner had just left the Phillips Truck and moved was walking away when this was reported to him. Walter Martiner stated he did not observe the object as he left and was working on a truck at the time.
Based on this report, it is the opinion of the underwritten that this matter is unsolved and a further check should be made with other persons who may have observed the same object.
Deputy Recorder, Harding County Sheriff's Dept.
at 12:01 AM 5-30-68.