There is a photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document related to Project Blue Book. The photograph shows a UFO sighting in Licking County, Ohio area on March 14, 1968.

OCR text output:

UFO SIGHTING IN LICKING COUNTY, OHIO AREA

March 14, 1968, between 7:04 and 7:05 p.m., I observed a UFO. I had just finished supper and had gotten up from the table and was strolling the kitchen window. I looked out this window to the north, and first I thought it might be Echo reflecting the rays of the sun through the twilight atmosphere, but as I watched the object, it seemed to move with varying speed from east to west. At first, it just hung there, as my parents, and my high schooled sister looked on to see the strange object in the sky, then suddenly it began to move in a manner that could have been caused by the weather. Meanwhile, the object or glow had been growing bright white and might be larger, as the time when I looked the picture, it was about six its maximum size and appeared four to five times the size that a bright star appears to be a minute. Yet, as the object was at the highest point of its eastward passage, it suddenly became somewhat dull and dulled again, until 10 or 11 times as bright, it seemed to flash and rush back inside, and as my parents and I were intently watching this object as our dining kitchen window, the object or glow, which was now brilliant white, began moving westward with a greater velocity. A grove of trees between me and it, but I was able to follow it. It went extremely high and faded into a reddish-white glow. I saw it's pass between the WALT Radio Station towers, and it seemed the object was approximately two miles distant, soaring above the valley through which the Licking River flows. Then it seemed to have lifted up beyond the hills. It was the same moon that I had seen in the beginning, and the light seems to change color appeared to flash irregularly until, even through the binoculars.

I have since concluded, after retracing its path in daylight, that the flashing was caused by telephone and electric wires passing between our house, for at the time the flashings occurred, the glow was so small it could have readily been blocked from view by the wires. Since the wires are not equally spaced, due to leads to and from the neighboring houses, this accounts for the irregular flashings.

I could find more information about possible types of aircraft this event have been so prevent reporting some objects as a UFO if it were reconnaissance or weather reporting aircraft. However, I concluded that it could be no conventional aircraft for the following reasons:
(1) Its sudden start and stop, unlike propeller-driven airplanes can be heard for three or more miles;
(2) There was no green light. Most aircraft have a green light on one wing, these none was visible so far as we war seeing;
(3) The bright light could not have been a plane's landing lights because the object was moving east to west instead of down, and landing lights shine forward of the plane, not backward;
(4) And also, the object showed no lights for external controls and instruments, and had no determined shape or form, just a brilliant whiteness.

Also, this could not have been a meteor, or a disintegrating aircraft, or falling debris, meteorites, or falling debris because its catch greater size than any of those, and also due to the glow maintained a considerable duration.