There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. The image shows the text of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

I was impressed with what looked to me like low altitude of the craft at this point of my sighting -- I thought, around 1,000 feet or less. Also, when the craft was flying near us, it did seem to travel in a flat trajectory.

I toyed with the idea that it even slowed down somewhat -- for how else could we observe so much detail in a mere flash across the sky? (It didn't think it slowed down.)

The craft was headed away from us now. I concentrated on the "trail" of fiery particles that seemed to come from out of the end of the fuselage. I was expecting to see a bright ball of fire close to the fuselage end, but I saw no bright ball of fire. However, I noticed that the trail's light intensity did increase somewhat (the observer noticed this increase in trail brightness too) but, this was undoubtedly since we were looking at a longer stretch of trail as it passed by.

In other words, length of trail view instead of the previous width of trail view. Because the flight pattern of the craft was at a slight angle from where we were standing, it was possible, for a brief moment, to see near the "fiery trail's end" and one or a few lit up "windows", simultaneously. Upon this observation, I concluded that there must be an outline bulges in the fuselage, especially after I had lost account that there were no windows in the near end. Also, this simultaneous view of nearly full "trail light" and "one or a few lit-window lights" gave me the opportunity to compare light intensities again. The light from the window or windows seemed brighter than the trail light.

All too soon, the "thing" was flying away, low and over the treetops towards the northeast. I could see only the "rectangular light of the trail" now. Certainly, SOUND would come from this craft!!! The three of us remained quiet while looking and listening. I was still expecting to hear noise, but, instead, there remained that unbelievable silence!!! The three of us remained quiet for awhile, even after the craft was well out of sight. We all were baffled by that SILENCE!!!