The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

Text from the document:

David J. Signalco, Lt, USAF
Intelligence Officer
Deputy Commander for Operations
Attn: OS; DOIN

Dear Sir,

SUBJECT: Find reports on UFO's. I honestly thought that the NICAP might be a front for the government, so on my recent trip down, I stopped and gave them an oral report which I wondered to publish. I found that conditions in them were as I felt they told me an untruth.

As you already know, I received quite a run-around in Fayetteville and am grateful to Mr. Vinsell, the "old man" for finally breaking down.

At the time, these incidents seemed startlingly interesting and it was't till we had returned home and discussed them that we began to bother me to the point where I had to be sure that the right people who ever they were, knew about them.

I did make an attempt to reconcile some of the rumors that I had heard by responding at a State Dept. press conference and found the doors slammed in my face.

The questions that plague me today are these:

Why were we approached, personally, twice and maybe a third time at such a distance and amidst a number of these things around and then the odds would be against us? It indicates not only a curiosity on their part but a deliberate plan of some degree, on our part. Is it going to be the case that they are able to out-maneuver everything that we can put up against them?

The other matter is the relationship between us and the majority of other cars on the road that time. We were pacing people where I would like to know, contained older people (Florida tourists), we didn't paint, wore shorts, car was a cream colored Ford, ran to the police, etc. In other words, we just kept going, but if I had any idea that he would have again added up to an encounter with these things, we would have stopped. He, I mean the occupant of the Ford next to us, appeared as a dull, lethargic lump. This also gets me.

I would like, if possible, to discuss this further with someone who has knowledge of the subject. Is any of these objects hostile? Can we tell by the actions? Some of the time is my own and I would be willing to go any reasonable distance to talk to someone.

In reference to the 1927 and Jan. 1968 incidents, I don't know of any-one around here who might be interested in those except to mean something to you. You can throw them away as far as I'm concerned.

Sincerely,