There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a report dated June 6, 1968 regarding an incident that occurred near Ticaboo, Utah.

The text in the document is as follows:

U.F.O.

Since the sky was hazy, it was difficult to determine the exact object. This object was located west of Richfield City, Utah, and was viewed by us for about ten minutes. I was able to obtain a good look at it through field glasses. It was white in color and stationary during the time I viewed it.

Attached:
Project Blue Book
Patrick Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

After some deliberation, I feel I must write to you concerning an object that was sighted in this vicinity on June 6, 1968.

This object was located west of Richfield City, Utah, and was viewed by us for about ten minutes. I was able to obtain a good look at it through field glasses. It was white in color and stationary during the time I viewed it. 

Intending to get a closer view, I drove about a mile and one-half to two and one-half minutes to town. This move did not bring me any closer to the object, so I parked the car and continued to observe it. The day was especially clear and bright, and we saw the object very distinctly. It was approximately 25 miles away and appeared to be round, somewhat flattened on top, and about the size of a regular automobile tire from my vantage point. It gave off a steady glow which seemed to be illuminating parts of the ground near it. No sound was heard, and it made no apparent movement during the time we observed it.

After about the 10 minute observation period, the object suddenly disappeared from sight. We have been unable to figure out what it could have been. I have no idea as to its identity, but I am reasonably certain that it was not any known aircraft or other man-made object. There appear to be no airports or airfields in this immediate area, and no aircraft were observed in the vicinity at the time.

Sincerely,