The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text and no visual images besides the background.

Flaming Objects Seen by Many Traced to a Soviet Space Shot
By WALTER SULLIVAN
At about 9:45 P.M. Eastern Standard Time on March 8 a woman in Indiana looked out of her window and saw a strange sight - a series of fiery objects fly past in the sky.
She reported to the United States Air Force that she had seen, along with her cousin, a number of fiery objects moving rapidly through the sky, she said. The woman, who asked not to be identified, tying to tell me about the U.F.O.'s (unidentified flying objects) they had watched.
It was at about treetop level, she said, and was seen very clearly and was moving away, she continued. "All of a sudden they just flew out of sight. We could not make out any wings. It was on fire and seemed to be burning. All in a formation as they flew down in the U.F.O.'s."
A woman in Ohio told how the objects she had seen, which had passed over, had lain between 6 and 17 minutes in her driveway and had frightened to death.
The woman, although she had all along been skeptical about U.F.O.'s, said she had had "an overpowering desire to stop" and was "feeling a U.F.O. is 1968."
In Tennessee, a woman reported to the United States Air Force that she had seen, along with her cousin, a number of fiery objects moving rapidly through the sky, she said. The woman, who asked not to be identified, was apparently telling the truth. For Air Force experts have now concluded that the objects she saw were not U.F.O.'s but were part of the firing of a Soviet satellite into space.
The Air Force said that on March 8 the Soviet Union had launched a satellite and during the firing of the upper stage of the rocket, fiery pieces of the rocket were apparently seen from the ground by observers in several states as the rocket stage reentered the atmosphere in a spectacular display.
The Aerial Photographic Interpretation Center of the Air Force has determined that the objects seen in Indiana, Ohio and Tennessee on March 8 were not U.F.O.'s but were in fact parts of the Soviet satellite launching.
Meanwhile, the Aerial Photographic Interpretation Center of the Air Force has determined that the objects seen in Indiana, Ohio and Tennessee on March 8 were not U.F.O.'s but were in fact parts of the Soviet satellite launching.