There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60301
LINDHEIMER ASTRONOMICAL RESEARCH CENTER
DEPARTMENT OF ASTRONOMY
1 April 1968

THE (UDDER) RESEARCH AND AERIAL PHENOMENA DIVISION  
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE BASE 
ATTN: AFOSR (UFO) 
SUBJECT: TTNIR (UFO)  
GROVETOR, MO., 6 FEBRUARY 1968

1. In accordance with your letter of 25 March 1968 requesting that I contact Mr. and Mrs.  (redacted) from Grovetor, Missouri with reference to (redacted) UFO report. 

2. I visited in the location with a lengthy telephone conversation with (redacted) who stated so I first asked with XXXXX (redacted)  investigation into the 6 February 1968 incident reported on that date at about xxxx hrs near Grovetor, Missouri. The essential facts as I understand them from (redacted) statements are as follows:

3. (redacted) was in his pickup truck on the country road at about xxxx hrs on the evening of 6 February 1968 when he noticed an unusual light in the sky which he first thought was an aircraft but soon realized was a hovering object. This object slowly descended until it was at an altitude of about 100 feet or less above the ground. (redacted) stopped his truck and observed the object for some time, estimating that he watched it for about 10 minutes. 

4. The object was described by (redacted) as being approximately 30 feet in diameter and having a domed top. It appeared to be metallic in color, possibly aluminum, and had a series of multicolored lights around its circumference. These lights blinked on and off in a definite sequence. (redacted) stated that the object made no sound whatsoever and there was no exhaust or other indication of propulsion. 

5. After the 10-minute observation period, the object suddenly accelerated at a very high rate of speed and disappeared into the distance. (redacted) was convinced that what he saw was not a conventional aircraft or any other known object. He was somewhat shaken by the experience but otherwise unharmed.

6. I have tried to obtain from (redacted) as much detailed information as possible regarding this incident. He appears to be a credible witness, and his description of the object and its behavior is generally consistent with other similar reports. I would be pleased to discuss this case further with you or to provide any other information that may be of assistance.