The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing observations of a UFO incident. 

The text in the document is as follows:

"27-

Material sources and static from lightening that could be considered. It is difficult to determine if this disturbance was real or imagined. A hand of radio noise was heard. According to Autapouch, there is a differential between the static which is received by reflection of a broadcast wave from the fireball. The former noises are certain, exciting sounds noticed on a "widen" background. These are based on radio noises and crack - sounds which are observed against normal broadcasting background and could be a manifestation of the fireball. On the other hand, the noises of the fireball were incoherent and electromagnetic signal, perhaps caused by ionization in the vicinity. The sound that should accompany the visual fireball motion has not been noted in the signals received from orbiting observations.

Radio patrol described it as a succession of short static which were heard in July 1964. On this date the patrol sighted a fireball. These noises were sporadic and were received best in the long-range short-wave reception, but some faint meteors were "unnoticeable" which some brighter meteors mentioned were occasionally observed during this lack of correlation to an inhomogeneities of the atmosphere. (Fig.) killing and instiniting made a pronounced fluctuation of signal independent of the fact that this radiation, which may be related to the success, is not known at the present time.

Apparenta very shortly mutual obscuring occurred simultaneously with the passage of a fireball could be attributed to a peculiar effect. So it is unlikely that various noises could be separated from the comments. I have some notes on the radio like, "Such a characteristic signals which, until at the time of the Pennsylvania fireball of January 1950, (24)" Crackling sounds were heard on radio during the fall of the Pennsylvania fireball of December 9, 1950, and during the intensive meteors observers of October 29, 1952. (15) On March 24, 1952, a piece of iron was detected by radar as an atmospheric near at the time the fireball passed; a review of the many reports of this type..."