The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document discussing a "Flying Saucer I Traced to Space Shot by Soviet" incident. The document provides details about reports and observations related to the incident, as well as discussions around sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the area. 

Text in the document:

FLYING SAUCER I TRACED TO SPACE SHOT BY SOVIET
Continued From Page 1, Col. 3 
REPORTS ON
1967-S TO
U.S. AIR FORCE
(Satellite-Tracking) teams had tried in vain to watch for the matera, feil, near the edge of the overhead at 4:58 A.M. The jected objects. At the time, they lights would have been considered highly slight since the predicted objects to plunge were considered were a good sight, as some 10.000 feet or were only a few thousand feet above them. A 93-cent Bargain
A study of this file also illustrates the excitement that seems to come observe both when confronted with unidentified flying objects. It also shows that others, such as airline pilots, can have similar encounters with such objects, some of which they report as definitely "unidentified," particularly when their reports seem sufficiently amazing to warrant such characterization.
Included in the file are reports from a Eastern Airlines pilot over Pennsylvania, a United Air Lines pilot over Iowa, and an American Airlines plane over Tennessee, among others. Each pilot reported spotting formations of bright objects which gave the impression of being intelligently controlled, even though in most cases the objects were spotted so briefly and at such long distance they could not be identified positively as anything more than unidentified.
Such reports continue to come in from various sources, and while the majority are undoubtedly due to astronomical phenomena or various man-made objects, a significant percentage still defy explanation, even after the fullest possible investigation. This is certainly one of the reasons the U.F.O. remains a problem that the Air Force and other interested agencies must continue to study.
In the "summary" section of the file, the observation is made that "many of the pilots' reports indicate the existence of a previously unidentified aerial phenomenon that appears to be of considerable scientific interest and importance." The report continues, saying that while the majority of sightings undoubtedly have natural explanations, "a significant percentage" defy explanation, and that is why the U.F.O. remains a problem to be studied.