There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten text describing a UFO sighting.

Transcribed text:

sight of the "airplane," and we listened for the sound of its motor, which we would have heard if there was one. We knew then that neither of the lights had been a helicopter, but were convinced that the first light might have been a reflector of the light, something that could not have been seen during the day and not had the safety risk that it had without "BLIP-BLIP-BLIP" of its usual signal lights.

My brother and I have seen from our bedroom window a "STAR" which would come to a high-speed "ZOOM" or "STAIR-CASE" pattern, go back to the higher sky region, and continue the sideways, zig-zag pattern of movement for an extended period of time.

Last Friday night, the 6th, my 13-year-old sister came running from her bedroom about 11:30 p.m. to tell me that she had watched a light come out of the back door (she and I, the others had already gone to bed), and we saw one of the "stars" that, unless you have seen them before, you would not know are any more than ordinary stars. They started to move, and we watched in awe as they picked out the "busiest" stars for observation. The light was bright enough though it could hardly be seen in the same region of the sky that our porch light is in. The light maneuvered back and forth until it vanished out.

Saturday night, my sister again saw one of those lights in the sky. This time it did not move, but we had seen them before and recognized its characteristic behavior. We did not keep a very close watch on the object, and after about an hour and a half, it was gone. The light that she had found the night before did not check out (very often?) when I looked again after the hour and a half.

I am beginning to be concerned about this matter, since there are a number of things that may be very interesting to someone: the Indiana Army Ammunition Plant at Charlestown (the Holston Munitions Company of Indiana electric generating plant and looks at Louisville (the Jefferson proving ground) the McAlpine Dam and locks at Louisville, and the electric lines generating plant at Madison, and the electric lines pass in the distance several miles). 

I am of the opinion that a discreet investigation is in order. I and some of the members of our two families would like to know something about what this can and does mean, and what the government is prepared to do about it.

Signed,