The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to a UFO incident.

Could it have been rescue team?
Now...what about that UFO?
was the sound a north Redlands man speculated was produced by a lighted object seen in the sky about 7:30 p.m. Sunday actually produced by a lighted object he saw later by Teitz.
Or was it merely the strange-sounding alarm of a search and rescue team that came to an auto accident in the mountainous area which allegedly was taken by some into the UFO rumor.
The siren theory was advanced, although he [Teitz] initially became convinced the object apparently "turned" over an area where a house broke up with the apparent reason for red lights partially outlining something that was specifically to be moved, turned west and came up the mountain again, Teitz said he continued to hear the sound as the lights moved to an area where they suddenly disappeared.
He said the lights definitely went right over his house. "I don't think it was an airplane," he said.
A number of other residents were also reported to have heard and saw the same persons apparently "turn" off their lights and disappear into the night.
At approximately the same time, the Sheriffs Department rescue team was attempting a rescue at the home of a family whose three occupants that plunged down an embankment. Deputy Sheriff's Sgt. Phil Pownders, a member of the rescue team, said that unconfirmed reports indicated they had received a high-pitched electronic squeal from the vehicle occupied by the family, raising the possibility an encounter with UFO phenomenon could have occurred.
The carryall turned north on Church St. near headquarters at 7:11 p.m. Sunday, according to Teitz, who said the sound seemed to come from a UFO that then hovered low over his home on Washington street, near the accident scene.
Investigators indicated the sound heard by Teitz and by other residents in the vicinity was considerably farther than the location of the rescue team, though the vehicle was coming right through the church, a matter fact, explained in that.
The sound heard by Teitz and by other residents in the area, there is still the matter of the moving red lights in the sky.
Although the rescue team car apparently equipped with a red light is sometimes required at scenes, according to Pownders, it would appear the red lights seen were considerably brighter than a normal tail light or rescue vehicle strobe. It has been reported that some UFO researchers believe red and green lights are sometimes seen associated with UFO incidents.