The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO report from Vashon Island.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

APPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPTR-h / Lt Col Smith / 70069

SUBJECT: Vashon Island - UFO Report

TO: TDPTR / UFO

1. In response to your request, I have reviewed the Vashon Island, Washington "Ice" incident of February 16, 1968. In my opinion the following items cast doubt on the veracity of the report:

a. The observers were themselves quite sure, and the observers' interview -- possibly indicating they weren't reporting an actual event.

b. Nothing (with the exception of the ice) more tangible than an unidentified light, which could not be verified by additional witnesses, was observed at the scene.

c. The sighting occurred after midnight at an isolated location. The reason for the observers visiting a gravel pit after midnight is not explained in the report -- and frankly difficult to justify.

2. Two facts included in the report should be commented upon: First is the statement by Tony Grogan that the pond or gravel pit is located in a cold spot on the island. It is well-known that large temperature differentials can be encountered as a result of local terrain. And it is quite possible that an unusual condition of local freezing could have resulted in the formation of the gravel pit. It seems unlikely that this condition was unusual enough to attract special attention.

3. The second point worthy of comment is the texture of the ice. It is obvious that the ice contains air pockets and particles of gravel or soil. When muddy water, such as one would expect to find in a gravel pit, crystallizes, the ice often contains foreign particles. The suspension of rocks or soil particles in the water during the freezing process will result in the layer effect observed in one of the photographs indicates water in the pond froze on.