There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document.

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
October 28, 1968

I would also concur with the identification of the Eielson sighting of 11 July 1968 as a meteor.

I had some interesting discussions with M. Minnart, the Dutch astronomer who was the chief individual working with me in analyzing the far side of the moon. He is the author of a delightful book "The Nature of Light and Color in the Open Air." Are you familiar with it? He has some very interesting views on the nature of many phenomena of meteorological optics. There is an intensive discussion of phenomena in his book.

He told me that he had discovered a number of extremely reliable observations of unusual optical effects of the moon, which in terms of reflection go up to 3 1/2 degrees! There is no simple explanation for these phenomena, but he was quite sure that something peculiar in the way of meteorological optics is responsible.

Somewhat concerned about this situation, I have worked pretty hard, as you know, to get some sense into this area. I know of no other individual who has into the matter, with the possible exception of Hynek. But something definitely has happened to him and I don't know what it is. He now seems to regress the cases, not to progress them. Apparently he feels that "you must solve the entire problem." In a letter to Condon he states:
"I want to be of help to insiders like yourself, but I do prefer to keep files and dealing with cases solely on an individual basis if these facts can lead to social or political implications which could lead to a potentially dangerous Marsellian approach."

I don't think I could interpret it better.
But it shows his bias. I think each case has to be approached separately. For there are usually of different kinds of stimuli, we usually completely unrelated. Unless we understand completely what you can solve individually, we should not assume that the individual solutions he wrong, simply because they may not fit into a single picture, independent thinking. Frankly, I feel much of this represent ignorance.

But the remarkable approach to the subject, he, alone, must bear the blame. He, alone, must be held responsible.

With thanks and best wishes, I am

Sincerely yours,
Donald H. Menzel