The image does not contain a photograph. It is a newspaper article with text and illustrations.

DAYTON JOURNAL HERALD 13 JULY 1960

No UFO, But There's A Message!

By Henry Scarupa
Journal Herald Staff Writer

When Kurt Miller glanced up at the sky evenings over Dayton in his downtown office, the people below in the street saw nothing but flying saucers. 

The phone rings repeatedly at the Wright-Patterson Air Force base (WPAFB) command post with reports of strange blinking lights. 

The next day, Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla Jr., head of Project Bluebook, which checks on UFO (Unidentified Flying Objects), calls Montgomery county airport to ask if the single-engine plane was in the air that night.

Miller, as a tall, lanky commercial pilot from Lebanon, Illinois for Barnes serial advertising, based at this airport.

Attached to the underside of the advertising monopolyhone bits is an 88-foot frame, supporting 200 six-foot lights. Activated by a perforated tape, which operates them a second at a time, the aerial "billboard" spells out a continuous advertising message in bright lights.

something like news reports in New York City's Times Square. With good visibility, the flashing message can be seen from the ground within a half-mile radius of the plane, according to Miller. It takes from 15 to 20 seconds for a typical 60-letter business ad to run.

Against the blackness of a night sky, the words appear to be punched out of the sky itself. 

Miller generally holds the plane's speed to about 55 MPH as he flies about 1,000 to 1,200 feet overhead. To people below, surrounded by street lights, the plane's 45 horsepower engine is barely audible.

The UFO alarm is usually sounded by individuals too far away to read the message, but close enough to discern the flashing lights moving mysteriously across the sky.

Recently a Journal Herald re­porter accompanied Miller on a test flight over Dayton, serving as a crew member handling the advertising message controls.

At 9:20 p.m. as dusk was fall­ing, Miller guided the small red and white plane into the air, and leveled off at 1,400 feet. Below them the lights blinked as if in response to the plane's lights flashing on the plane's underside. The advertising night was about to satu­rate Dayton with a commercial.

While pointed about to a heavy cluster of lights streaming from below, Miller guided a string of 4-13 and Main street. The plane circled low over Third and Main streets, past the darkened mass of the Great Miami river, on up to another brighly lighted Ken­tucky side with Dixie districts and Cincinnati, Ohio near.

"I try to cover all the main streets by 10:30," Miller said. "After the people are in bed and in their backyards, I can give them a little residential area and they can view the lights."

To most observers who would "piously" saturate Dayton would take down four to five hours, Miller estimated.

Making a radio contact with Cec. Municipal airport, Miller told the tower he would be in the airspace alongside of Dayton for the next 15 minutes. This information, in turn, was relayed by the tower to planes leaving and entering at Cox.

Miller's job frequently takes him to Indianapolis, northern Kentucky and Cincinnati, where he advertises the Dayton Covley field for an hour during a night baseball game.

"I had three messages that night," Miller said. "Between flying and working the console I was busier than a one-armed paper hanger."

He says there was no time to watch the same.

Miller has also flown longer contract jobs over Chicago, Baltimore and Washington, D.C. There are only 20 aircraft of this type in the country, he said.

Before venturing into a new area, Miller tries to make at least one daylight flight to orient himself and to observe dangerous obstructions to avoid, such as tall obstacles and T-towers.

Scanning downward after Day­ton, Miller perceived the 1,400 feet antenna of WHO-TV, Red lights blinked steadily on the side of the steel-frame structure. Miller veered sharply away to safety.

Being a "UFO" pilot has other hazards, Miller said. Several years ago a farmer pulled a shotgun on an advertising plane down by Dale Barnes. The guy lost a wing. Through the chaos, the pilot continued on, but failed to hit a vital part.

From time to time Miller gets an irate phone call from a little­downtown woman who identifies herself as a member of a so­ciety that believes in UFO's. She calls Miller a "freak" and the Air Force, stating that the military wants to believe the fact there are true UFO's visiting earth.

Miller, who flies two or three hours an evening, likes seeing the lights "as I guess it's the lights," he remarked. "It's like Christmas every day. When you look up, it's beautiful."