The image contains an engineering photograph document from the Department of Transportation Federal Aviation Administration. The document mentions that the photographs were taken by Mr. Paul H. Freund, a civil engineer with the FAA, Southwest Region, in Fort Worth, Texas. The photographs depict a facility approximately 15 airline miles southeast of Acton, Texas. The document explains that the photographs were taken between 2:30 PM and 3:30 PM, which means the shots were taken between thirty to forty-five minutes.

The document mentions that the first shot, number 12-1, may be of interest and was taken using a Kodak Ektrite II camera with a bearing of 119°W, latitude 32°26'10", longitude 97°39'49", using a Verichrome pan film. The person taking the pictures was unaware of the object shown in the photograph, and the photographers processing the film were unable to explain the object. They therefore made two blown-up prints of this picture, and the person who took the shots is available if further information is desired.

DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
DATE: December 5, 1968
REPLY REFER TO: SW-90
SUBJECT: Engineering photographs
TO: Air Force Representative
FAA, Southwest Region (SW-900)

The engineering photographs were taken by Mr. Paul H. Freund, civil engineer with the FAA, Southwest Region, Fort Worth, Texas. The photographs were taken on November 19, 1968, in connection with a facility approximately 15 airline miles southeast of Acton, Texas.

The pictures were taken between 2:30 PM and 3:30 PM, which means the shots were taken between thirty to forty-five minutes, which means the shots were taken between approximately 2:30 PM and 3:30 PM.

The first shot, Number 12-1, we feel, may be of interest to you and was taken using a Kodak Ektrite II camera with a bearing of 119°W, latitude 32°26'10", longitude 97°39'49", using a Verichrome pan film. The person taking the pictures was unaware of the object shown in the photograph, and the photographers processing the film were unable to explain the object. They therefore made the two blown-up prints of this picture. Individual field notes, the photographic negatives, and the person who took the shots are available in the event further information is desired.

As we discussed, it is requested that you forward these items to the proper authorities for action deemed appropriate. We would appreciate being apprised of any action and the results thereof.

JOHN C. ADAMS
Chief, Compliance and Security Division, SW-90

Enclosures