The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

The text of the document is as follows:

STATEMENT

RE: UFO SIGHTING REPORTS DURING 1600 - 2300 SHIFT 28 JULY 1968.

On - Clear dry cool, visibility and unlimited vertically. Wind west to northwest 6 kts surface and 90 kts at 40,000 feet.

First UFO call from man in Trenton who saw a light between Trenton and Philadelphia, said it was moving slowly and erratically. ND change, radio sounds - satellite Echo Satellite because he had helped build it. Told him I had no idea what it was but would call around and thanks for the call. Time 2145L

NOTE: No report made as a light doesn't constitute a UFO - AFR 80-17.

ACTION: We're to WX and asked if north Philadelphia or Willow Grove put up WX balloons. Answer - didn't think so, called Philadelphia FSS and asked him to call Willow Grove to WX balloon. Answer: negative.

Second UFO call from man in Asbury Park - beach with friends, flew B-29 during war - thought it would never happen.

Q. What did you see?
A. Lights - one going north and one going south.
Q. What did you see behind the light?
A. Nothing.

Said I didn't know what it was but would report it and thanks for the call. Time 2215L

Third UFO call from man in Trenton who made first call. Light is now circling near the moon. Have you found out what it is yet? My answer negative but think I will go out and look myself.

ACTION: Told dispatcher I was going to roof, took binoculars, went to roof and looked skyward, scanned sky, saw about 30 planes, stars were twinkling brilliantly, various colors, climbed down. Time: 2300L

Every time I would look up, the light would disappear. The dispatcher said my concern was that Air Force Colonel next door had said she should complete a written UFO report of her light sighting. I assured her that her report was duly noted. Time: 2320L

Fifteen call - Noticed that the dispatcher completely cut off words on the telephone, I look over call, do not have name of caller. Caller said his boss wanted an answer for the light reported over Pottstown. I said I didn't have an answer - he told me he had many calls from New Jersey.