The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document. There is no photograph visible in this particular page.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

Dear Sir:
I would like to report the sighting of a UFO. It happened on November 13, 1968. Myself, my husband, and our two daughters were driving North on Jacksonburg-Gratis Road toward state Route 27. I was riding in the front seat with my husband, and the girls were in the backseat. We believe in any type or science fiction or other wild type things.
We noticed a flight of lights and called our attention to it. We were driving up a hill, and the lights seemed to be coasting up over the hill ahead of us. The lights were moving, and they were moving in a strange way. I slowed down the car, and we began to look at the lights as they came up in the sky. Suddenly the lights seemed to line up in a straight line, and they all turned off simultaneously. The lights went off at the same time, and there was no reflection of the lights on my dashboard.
By this time I had driven perhaps one-half mile, and the lights were beginning to appear again. The lights then seemed to follow our car, first on one side and then on the other. There was a huge gray object. The lights would come on and off. It reminded me of a huge gray object. The lights would come on and off, to-remind me of a huge strange object.
I looked at it for quite a while, but I never got the nerve to stop the car, and get out. I was afraid there was some danger, that we could not command.
Presently I came to the end of Jacksonburg-Gratis Road and stopped. The lights with both seemed to be remaining went directly in front of the car and stopped. The waiting it seemed to me to observe which way I would go. It hovered over the car at this time.
I turned to the right, and looked over my left shoulder. The next thing I saw was the lights dissolving, and I think disappearing. The lights seemed to just fold into "itself" and disappeared from sight. This was the strangest thing I have ever witnessed in my life. I tried to outdrove it, but it kept perfect pace with me.
Gratis is only about a short distance from where I turned right. At the first street in Gratis, I turned right again. We drove on for a little, parked the car, and got out to look at the field where the lights had come from. There was nothing to be seen.
We went home, and sat up until nearly daylight, but there was never any more sightings.
There are two identically the same thing. I can't explain it. I don't know what it was, only know it happened. I never saw it again. This has convinced me that there is something out there I am not familiar with, and I am not sure I want to be.

Mrs. [redacted]
Somerville, Ohio