The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
-3-
October 28, 1968

I would also concur with the identification of the Eiselson sighting of 11 July 1968 as the moon.

I had some interesting discussions with M. Minnort, the Dutch astronomer, who was the chief individual working with me in analyzing astronomical aspects of the case, based upon his book, "The Nature of Light and Color in the Open Air." Are you familiar with it? If not, you certainly should be, because it discusses many phenomena of meteorological optics. There is an inexpensive 1984 edition, if you desire to get one.

He told me that he had discovered a number of extremely reliable observations of multiple images of the sun or moon, which in terms of reflection go up to 3/4 degrees! There is no simple explanation for these phenomena, but he was quite sure that something peculiar in the way of meteorological optics is responsible.

Sometimes I get discouraged at the situation. I have worked pretty hard, as you know, to get some sense into this area. I know of no other scientists that have into the matter, with the possible exception of Hynek. But something definitely has happened, not as individuals, but as part of a broad pattern. Apparently he feels you must solve the entire problem. In a letter to Gordon he states, "Hynek and staff, in keeping his and dealing with cases solely on an individual basis, as were the clear that each case, taken singly, like a lone duck in a shooting gallery can nearly always be shot down by an ad hoc, frequently Manichaean approach."

I don't mind his reference to me in this fashion. In fact I consider it something of a compliment. But it shows his bias. I think each case has its own difficulties of different kinds of stimuli, usually completely unrelated. To some isounds complex nonsense to say that you can solve individual cases, but you cannot solve them if you take them in a group. But why should my individual solutions be wrong, simply because they may not correspond to data in another, independent sighting. Frankly, I feel much of our present ignorance, of UFO's must be laid that to Hynek's own step, with his imaginative approach to the subject. He, also, must bear the blame for the fact that Air Force questionnaire is so bad.

With thanks and best wishes, I am

Cordially yours,

Donald H. Menzel