The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document with handwritten notes and instructions.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

Was the object - ?
Self-luminous?
Reflectino?
Transparent?
Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Yes - it appeared like the object(s) were ascending
What were the dimensions of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
Pinhead - 
Dime -
Nickel -
Orange Half dollar - 
Grapefruit -  
If easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.
Did you happen to notice the object(s)? Yes - for 2 or 3 minutes it moved across the sky
Where were you and what were you doing at the time? At the park on lawn while on field trip
How did the object(s) disappear from view? Moved further away into the distance
Please describe the speed of the object(s) with a precise estimate its probable altitude. Moved away at a speed that appeared ordinary
Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? No
Please estimate the diameter or length of the object(s) if possible. - 
What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch.
Please give direction of other witnesses, if any. Moved Southeast over the trees, behind the sky
Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view, the direction of its course across the sky, nearby trees, buildings, roads, villages, hills, etc.
Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? Yes
Please make and attach photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and frequency), any other evidence. We will return the material to you.
Please state the full name and address of the person or agency, his office, and details as to where and when the questioning took place.