There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

Was the object -- 
a. Self luminous? Yes
b. Dull flash? 
c. Pulsating?
d. Transparent?

Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Yes, should at the top of like a gull or a paper
Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Half dollar
e. Silver dollar
f. Grapefruit
g. Lemon

How did you happen to notice the object(s)? Attention attracted suddenly
Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Cleaning and setting posts-holes in sudden observation
How did the object(s) disappear from view? Flew off rapidly in sudden disappearance
Compare the speed of the object(s) with a piston or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. Much slower
Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterward? No
Please estimate the distance of the object(s). Too far away to estimate 
What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch:
Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. None
Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared, and the direction in which it(or they) disappeared from view. The area, roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks shown - (sketch).
Is there a special, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? No 
Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper. No
Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date), if any, regarding this or other observations. We will return the material, if possible.
Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name and address of the person, the office, and indicate the disposition of the case. No
Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any restrictions or official orders mentioned? Please explain carefully.
We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. If permission is not granted, the report will continue to be held strictly confidential. Please indicate your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in the information requested.
(X) You may use my name.
( ) Please keep my name confidential.

Date of filling out this report: 4-7-68

Signature: Merle Allread  