The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Department of Commerce/Environmental Science Services Administration/Environmental Data Service document titled "DAILY WEATHER MAPS" for the weekly series from April 15-21, 1968.

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE/Environmental Science Services Administration/Environmental Data Service

DAILY WEATHER MAPS
WEEKLY SERIES APRIL 15-21, 1968

The charts in this publication are a continuation of the principal charts of the Weather Bureau Daily Publication, Daily Weather Map. They include the Surface Weather Map, the 500-Millibar Chart, and the Highest and Lowest Temperature Chart.

The Surface Weather Map presents station data and the analysis for 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. Areas of precipitation are indicated by shading. The weather reports on this map are arranged in a regular pattern and apply to a fraction of those are excluded for the operations analyses and on which the analysis are based. Occasional apparent discrepancies between the printed station data and the analyses result from the station reports that cannot be included in the published analysis because of lack of space.

The 500-Millibar Chart presents the height contours and temperature isotherms of the 500-millibar surface at 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. The height contours are shown as continuous lines, and are labeled in feet above mean sea level. The temperatures are shown as dashed lines.

The Highest and Lowest Temperature Chart presents the maximum and minimum values for the 24-hour period ending at 1:00 a.m. e.s.t. The names of the reporting points can be obtained from the Surface Weather Map. The maximum temperature is plotted above the station location, and the minimum temperature is plotted below this point.

The Precipitation Areas and Amounts Chart indicates by means of shading the areas that had precipitation during the 24 hours ending at 1:00 a.m. Amounts in inches to the nearest tenth are given for the same period under each station location. "T" indicates a trace of precipitation. Dashed lines show a depth of snow on the ground measured at 7:00 a.m. of the previous day.