The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

This report is as follows: I left St. Alexis Hospital in Elk Grove Village, Ill. at approximately 20:02 on Feb. 23, 1959, and was driving to my home. As I looked into the clear blue sky ahead of me, I suddenly beheld a bright light appear to travel at a high rate of speed across the sky. As I watched, the light seemed to disappear, reappear, and then disappear again. I was taken aback by what I was seeing and after the light disappeared, I continued on my way home. When I arrived home, I looked at my watch and noted that the entire incident had lasted approximately 30 to 45 seconds. There was no sound and the light seemed to disappear rather than just vanish. It was hard to estimate the exact distance and altitude of the light, but I would say it was probably 10 to 20 miles or more brighter than Venus is when it is at its brightest. The light appeared to be round or oval in shape. The first of which occurred about half way down the meteor's path and the last of which occurred near the end of the path. The flashes were of about the intensity of clear flash bulbs going off rapidly, giving a pulsing effect about a block away. One last observation that I made was that the light gave off no trail as some meteors do. This is all that I can corroborate so quickly in duration, and was accompanied by no discernible con trails at the time either. Following my observation, I contacted United Air Lines, who contacted Chicago A.A.F. C. With corroborating observations, the latter announced that an unidentified object had crossed its path and had immediately gone out of radio contact just south of the Polo intersection on airway charts, and that the object appeared to be "maneuvering".

This is the extent of my research into this interesting phenomenon, and I would be very happy to repeat to you for clearly anything further in the above that you may find of interest.

Yours very truly,
[Signature]