The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document with text only.

Transcribed text from the document:

"- 1 - (continued)
why feet from the bed to the floor and again noticed the soft ray, or light
just coming up above the bed. Suddenly objects which I had already
passed them off as moon-beams. Then I went into the lavatory and saw an
object which looked like an explosion. I was not entirely awake then,
that something was wrong and that it could not be the moon because the
moon just did not rise in that part of the sky (too far North anyway) and
secondly I noted that the heavy overhead light had set in during the night and there
were no stars visible anywhere. At the time I began to realize something
was wrong. I tried to move my head to see the object through another direction
but could not as if I had been in a glass case. Nothing changed at all and as I realized with a start what
was going on (NOT the moon) it just went out or vanished just like
was as if someone had pulled the plug. There was no after-image. It just
went out. There was no sound. I had bathroom window open. The
bathroom window was closed. There was no sound and nothing out of the
ordinary there, I could speak about - Afterwards, it was the same as before.
Now the size of the object, at the closest possible point, depending upon
the distance of course, I would estimate to be from 6 feet at the
closest possible point. Roughly 30 feet at the furthest point. The shape of the
object I am vague on. Perhaps longer that it was wide...more like two deep
saucers or vegetable dishes placed together, a domed construction
on edge with a side toward you. The color was orange-red or yellow-orange.
Could not make a focus on it. It continued without the dazed in
bedroom. Looking back, there appeared to be two separate light beams -
something like two separate flashing beams but these beams were not
round but oval,shaped more like a pencil. I would say that they were
seven or eight inches long and an inch or so across. It is odd that they
should be separated since the window was open and there was nothing to
break the beam unless, of course, there were two separate beams. The
light reflections were horizontal and the beams were about four or five
inches apart. The bottom half of the window was completely open and shades
was pulled down to the open spot. There were no window panes, sashes,
curtains of anything to interfere with the light(s).
Monday morning I looked around and of course could find absolutely nothing.
I went over everything a dozen times so that I knew what I could say I saw
and what I didn't know. Up to say I did not find anything that I could
positively identify as anything other than an illusion caused by what I was
to term of my experience. You gave me the name of a party in Wenham, Mass.
(Raymond Fowler) but I have utterly NEGAP MANS' SUGGESTION.
I have always believed in extra-terrestrial objects in our atmosphere. I
have subscribed to your paper since it was early printed and I have bought
everything I could get on the matter. I used to look for a little more
many to you than I have been.
At it was handwritten now. I have not had a 38' reflection ours, you see,
in the summer when the weather is right. strictly an amateur. I never
misidentified anything in the sky."