The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical UFO research project conducted by the United States Air Force.

THE NATIONAL CASH REGISTER COMPANY
DAYTON, OHIO 45409

March 4, 1968

Dr. John E. Keto
Chief Scientist
Aeronautical Systems Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Dear Dr. Keto:

I have the impression that Project Blue Book often has some difficulty in ascertaining whether a UFO sighting has come from a credible witness. Hoping not to add to your many problems, I must submit the narrative below to you, in the hope that you will pass it along to the responsible authorities; and I shall depend on you as the first witness as to whether I am insane, or highly imaginative, or otherwise unreliable.

At approximately 9:30 p.m. Sunday, March 3, 1968, I was driving alone northward from Cincinnati, Ohio, to Dayton, Ohio, on Interstate Route 75, at a speed of approximately 65-70 miles per hour. Due north and directly ahead of me I sighted three objects which, so far as I can ascertain, were unidentified flying objects.

These three objects were flying in a more or less perfect formation, with one substantially in the lead and the other two close together, side by side, at the rear. Where first sighted, they were approximately 45 degrees from the horizontal surface on which I was traveling. The objects appeared to me to be flying at a very high speed and at a very high altitude. I could not ascertain, with absolute certainty, whether they were flying horizontally or whether they were ascending or descending, but the angle at which I saw them was essentially high, the objects displaying no perceptible change in their relationship to the horizontal surface of the earth while I was observing them. Therefore, considering that I was behind them and considering their speed, they could have been flying horizontally or they could have been descending, toward the horizon.

The sky was quite dark. I could not ascertain the shape or size of the objects themselves. (The reason for my being able to see them was the fact that they were silhouetted against the sky, moving in a direction toward the front. The foremost point of each tall protrusion was the object itself, which I could not see at all.