The image contains several photographs, but none of them appear to depict any human faces. The first photograph shows the Vice President of Broadcast Music Incorporated and Executive Vice President of Chamber of Commerce of U.S. The second photograph shows various performers and events taking place at the Nashville Municipal Auditorium. The third photograph shows a popular singer named Kate Smith. The fourth photograph shows two performers named Peter, Paul and Mary. There is also some text describing various events and performances occurring at the Nashville Municipal Auditorium.

EVENTS AT NASHVILLE MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM
19th District Basketball Tournament, starting Feb. 27 through March 2. 
Region 5 Basketball Tournament, March 4 through the 8th.
Dog Show, March 10. This is the 22nd A.K.C. licensed All Bred Dog Show. This dog show is being sponsored by the Tennessee Poultry Association of Nashville and also Canada. Nashville will feature some beautiful dogs. President D. Eleyner of the Nashville Kennel Club. Dog is an Afghan Hound, named White Mountain's Sugar Magnolia, owned by Nashville Kennel Club's Sept. 24, 1967.
Kate Smith, March 15. This universally beloved lady with the big heart and big voice, who has been before the public for about 35 years, has been acclaimed in the annals of show business. She is a sensation to audiences and a great favorite over the television networks. She has delighted millions with her magnificent voice for 37 years since she first became a star, no one has ever been more faithfully recognized by the public is in evidence by the scores of millions of fans. She is truly a legend in American entertainment and the record she holds to her popularity will probably never be equaled.
Peter, Paul and Mary will be at the Auditorium on Feb. 24 and 25, March 2 and 3.

BULLETIN: This means you! Don't you think that Metropolitan Nashville can support and entertain enough people that Conventions Bureaus, Convention Bureaus and Associations can bring real money to our community? We should organize an all-out campaign to attract more conventions and shows to Nashville. with your help and support. Metropolitan Nashville can become lively and prosperous!