The image does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

"himself then described it as similar to a "pale full moon on a very misty foggy night." Hynek put the words into his mouth, like a "corona" discharge.

In brief, I am quite convinced that the object was probably the moon. That strong autokinesis was involved. That many of the motions reported were imagined.

As for interview, I think it was faulty procedure to interview all of the witnesses at the same time.

Hynek seems to make something of the fact that Mrs. Hynek says, it means absolutely nothing. He quotes what the other people said, He talks about "a light started to come back," and then describes what he certainly be very much like the moon coming through the clouds. He even mentions the "oval" character which would fit in with the phase of the moon at the time.

As you read through, you get the impression that people are answering for each other.

I am certainly not impressed about either the noise or the odor.

What Mrs. Hynek heard the noise when it was over her and close to her, didn't Hynek ask how excitable she is? And of course she replies 'I definitely am not any cool.' There is a definite point that seems to be there of always somewhat believed in, although until you actually see it there is always something saying 'I have always believed in,' although until you actually see it there is always something saying 'I have always believed in it, although until you see there' are such things.' To me it is clear that she is believing in flying saucers. This is always there in Hynek's statements. And this sort of a belief could have readily conditioned her when she saw and misidentified the condition.

Hynek gets briefly out of the time discrepancy, but I don't think he clarifies it at all. We get only the reply from somebody else. Hynek's assessment of the time, however, seems realistic from anybody else."