This image does not contain a photograph, but rather it appears to be a page from an old weather report document. The page displays various weather maps and charts with explanatory text.

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE/Environmental Science Services Administration/Environmental Data Service 
DAILY WEATHER MAPS
WEEKLY SERIES MAY 13-19, 1968

The charts in this publication are a continuation of the principal charts of the National Weather Service publication, Daily Weather Map. They include the analysis weather charts, the GO-millibar chart, the height and lowest Temperature chart, and the Mean Lower Air Temperature chart. All of the charts for any day are presented on a single page of this publication. They are coded from operationally required analytical weather analyses prepared by the National Meteorological Center, Weather Bureau, ESSA, for the Surface Weather Map and the 500-Millibar Chart which are the same as those shown in Daily Weather Map.

The Surface Weather Map presents analyzed synoptic weather conditions at 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. The 500-Millibar Chart presents the analyses of the 500-millibar surface, which is about 18,000 feet above sea level, at 7:00 a.m. e.s.t.

The analysis areas of precipitation are indicated by shading. The weather reports that are plotted here are only a fraction of those that are included in the operational weather maps, and upon which the analyses are based. Occasional disagreement between the printed station data and the analyses result from the changes which are introduced into the published maps because of lack of space.

The 500-Millibar Chart presents the height contours and temperature patterns of the 500-millibar surface at 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. The height contours are shown in solid lines, and are labeled in feet above sea level. The temperature patterns, shown by dashed lines, are labeled in degrees Celsius.

The Highest and Lowest Temperature Chart presents the maximum and minimum values for the 24-hour period ending at 1:00 a.m. e.s.t. The names of the reporting points are obtained from the Surface Weather Map. The maximum temperature is plotted above the station location, and the minimum temperature is plotted below this point.

The Precipitation Areas and Amounts Chart indicates by means of symbols the areas that had precipitation during the 24 hours ending at 7:30 a.m. of the previous day. Amounts in inches to the nearest hundredth of an inch are shown within these precipitation areas.