This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text of the document is as follows:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla                 -2-                 October 28, 1968

With reference to the 25 February 1967 sighting at Fargo, N.D., I know what that was that the boy's saw. But the "object" seen on that date, as described by the witness, certainly the Planet Venus, as seen from "Sky and Telescope" for March, 1967. This concludes my statement in the eventsAs I said in the previous letter, for it was well after 11:00 pm when the sighting occurred, and therefore, the planet Venus would not have been a factor. 
I am not very much impressed with Hynek's investigation of the phenomenon. The major defects that I believe is a serious defect of many such investigations, that the two separate groups saw the same "object." Well, if it was the same object, then it was the Planet Venus, beyond question. The boys might have seen something different.
There are lots of questions that I could ask, which apparently were not touched on. I'd like to know what the model of the Polaroid camera they were using - Polaroid's have automatic controls for evaluating the exposure. But when one is taking the picture of a small object at night, control does not function properly and I would suspect that the pictures taken by the boys were not clear, because they are not, because of their irregularity. I think pictures should have been taken under similar circumstances, to check the significance of the scratches seen at the edge of the film. How can one minimize the effect of camera exposure? There was nothing in the record to indicate that the object photographed by the boys was under a plane. In such cases is interesting, but the investigation leaves much to be desired.
So, in regard to the present case of 14 August 1968. After reading the report, I am convinced they were seeing the moon. It has been my experience that when a person says, in effect, "the sighting resembled a UFO, but it could not have been a UFO, because..." then it almost always is not a UFO. This would not be the first time that people have called the moon a UFO. I think that many of the UFO investigations have failed because the investigators take the statements of the witnesses at their face value. Under such circumstances, I subscribe to the motto that "People are Dumb!"