There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

NICAP MASSACHUSETTS INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE
SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING: 23 September 1968/Whitefield, Maine/2:30 AM EDT 
DATE: 5 October 1968
FROM: Raymond E. Fowler, Chairman
TO: NICAP, Washington, D.C.
CC: PTD (TDFTR) USAF
BACKGROUND:
I received a telephone call from Rev. --- on Wednesday evening, September 25, 1968 who had phoned NICAP and he was assigned Herbert Eismann to the case and his report to me was September 24th. He assigned Herbert Eismann to the case and his report of the interview is as follows:
INVESTIGATORS REPORT: (Herbert Eismann)
I met with Rev. --- on Wednesday evening, September 25, 1968 at his sighting and turned over a piece of material to me which he felt should be analyzed. This material was found at his sighting during the work of August 1968. I told him I would have it analyzed. This was not there the evening before. He does not know whether there is any connection between the sighting and finding this material but feels we might be interested in having it analyzed. He did show me the place to me which he said he could not identifyily the material.
As far as the sighting is concerned, the following are additional facts not covered in the attached narrative and report form:
Although it was clear when the witness sighted and when he got an inter-mittent line of lights crossing the sky at a great speed, there was a power line obscuring part of his view from the area where the lights were seen. There is a power line crossing his field of vision but the sighting was not in this direction. One thing was mentioned which Rev. --- verified this sighting and also there was no known aircraft or helicopters in the area at the time and it passed through an open window and could not hear any noise. It seemed to be at a high speed and lacked identifiable characteristics.
CHAIRMAN'S COMMENTS:
Although it was clear when the witness sighted and when he got an inter-mittent line of lights crossing the sky at a great speed, there was a power line obscuring part of his view from the area where the lights were seen. There is a power line crossing his field of vision but the sighting was not in this direction. One thing was mentioned which Rev. --- verified this sighting and also there was no known aircraft or helicopters in the area at the time and it passed through an open window and could not hear any noise. It seemed to be at a high speed and lacked identifiable characteristics.