The image appears to contain a sketch or drawing of a large circular object hovering above a rural landscape with trees and other vegetation. The text indicates that the observer believed the object to be approximately 100 feet in diameter and hovering 50 to 75 feet above the ground, though they could not determine whether it came from conventional sources or not.

Text from the document:

The Honorable Robert F. McNamara
The Secretary of Defense
Department of Defense
The Pentagon
Washington, D. C. 20301

Re: U. F. O.

Dear Sir:

I reside on a farm approximately 30 miles north of Kansas City, Missouri. The residence is approximately 1/2 mile back from the highway with a pasture in front of the dwelling. I an employed in the office of a large utility company and returned to my cabin, I noticed my cattle looking up in the air and low to the ground as would a mother to her crying child.

Last night I looked around several times but saw nothing frightened or scared. I immediately jumped from my bed and ran to the picture window in my living room. It was a dark night but there was a distinct glow - giving off considerable light. It seemed to be hovering and turning slightly. It made sufficient light for me to maneuver around a card table less in the middle of the room and to see certain objects in the pasture in a rough outline. 

As my vision adjusted from darkness to this moderate light, I was able to see that it was a tremendous circular object, reproduced as best as can on the attached sketch.

I could not determine from the convex sides of the craft whether it came from some classified sources under government or whether it was reflected light from some foreign source of manufacture and then brought to this ground. In any event, there was sufficient light to see the major limbs on some small cedar trees, a stump, the cows fence in the foreground and other detail.

The object appeared to be at least 100 feet in diameter, and to be hovering 50 to 75 feet above the ground, although I could not say that it was not on the ground. I could feel the warmth from it at the distance involved.

(Continued on page 2)