The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It shows a newspaper article with the headline "Flaming Objects Seen by Many Traced to a Soviet Space Shot" and the article text written by Walter Sullivan.

Flaming Objects Seen by Many
Traced to a Soviet Space Shot

BY WALTER SULLIVAN
At about 6:45 P.M., Eastern Standard Time on March 8, a woman in Indiana looked out a window and saw a procession of seven or eight flaming objects in the sky.
Two or three minutes later, she reported the sight to the United States Air Force the next day. Many others had reported similar phenomena.
"It was at about treetop level," she said, "and was just a few yards away." The continued. "All of the observers saw the objects at varying angles, and from vehicles with both in front and behind. All the observers also say many with them.
The woman in Ohio told how she had put her children to bed and then returned outside to sweep trash cans in her driveway and whispered. "She was startled."
The woman, although she had slept 10 hours the night before, said the flaming object did not scare her or power her drive to sleep." She had the same experience after seeing it two times the previous evening.
In Tennesse, a woman reported that she saw one of the objects, and it seemed to be a lighted craft with radiating metal fins glowing and what seemed to be a pointed metal nose. The oblong of some kind was estimated to be about 1,000 feet overhead. The observers saw the Air Force "fly over the scene" later, and the security officer said the vehicle could have been only a Soviet space shot that the United States knew about. It was subsequently determined that the object was a part of the Zond 4 Soviet space probe that had been launched that day after a daylight launch the day before. A Soviet Union announced on March 9 that Zond 4 had been placed in the proper position for launching into returning to the Earth's atmosphere.
Some thought it may have been photographed the moon and return to the Soviet union, but apparently the mission was unsuccessful. An Air Defense Command confirmed its assessment that the objects observed in the eastern United States were debris from the Zond 4 launch.