The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEFENSE SUPPLY AGENCY 
DEFENSE CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION SERVICES REGION, SOUTH BEND
2518 WEST WESTERN AVENUE
SOUTH BEND, INDIANA 46623

IN REPLY REFER TO: DCRI-DIOSS

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: Project Bluebook
     Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

I was contacted about an UFO sighting in my office by a woman on 30 December 1968. She made the following report on the UFO sighting on New Carlisle, Indiana. The following is a synopsis of what she told me:

"On Monday evening the woman and her young son were driving home from New Carlisle, Indiana. The following is a synopsis of what she told me:

"On Monday evening the woman and her young son were driving home from New Carlisle, Indiana. They were very bright and she could hardly look at them. On Monday evening she saw two glowing objects which were not high, but low in the sky. They did not turn out to be, however, the second shows a bright object which rapidly changed its inverted saucer. She reports that her camera since then, despite using two rolls of film and trying to photograph, the film shows blackness and the side of the film with the developing material is covered that light is not coming that way, and the film is black when it is developed. The film does not show the lights as normal picture camera that looks like it may have been burned.

A man that lives in town reported pictures a light that had three powerful lights and no other lights around it. He says that when the light came in first and then several smaller objects converged on the light. They stayed awhile and then the light and some of the objects started to move they grew brighter and a tail stretched out behind them. After this motion the light and objects were gone. On Monday at approximately 7:15 p.m. a person reported being awakened by a loud bursting sound. On Wednesday a woman remembered that of this report Carlisle Police Department was investigating an incident that was the same evening as Monday about 7:15 p.m. when the large object moved straight up until it was almost out of sight. After the plane passed, it returned. When one of the lights went off, came on and grew very bright and then went off when the object moved away from her. The same thing happened to a street light near the station where the object was observed."