There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Hynek: When I get to Cincinnati I will look you up because I would like to get a little more information on this. Also, I mean to be utterly blunt about that. I want to see what sort of person you are. I mean just how excitable you are.
Hynek: I definitely keep my cool. You never get the full facts over the phone and something like this is interesting, but it is very truthful. I've always believed it is a deliberate thing will probably see it there is always something of a doubt. It's only logical that there are such things.
Hynek: And how before we get off the line here, the first person you spoke to was Mr. and Mrs. and I'd like to talk now briefly with someone who came out of the car and called them, and I'd like to clear up the discrepancy in the time.
Hynek: I remember looking at the clock and I remember it lasted about a half hour. I saw it longer than the others did because I was on the road.
Hynek: The others all seem to say it was before midnight - you had it after midnight. (To Deputy Folks) They would say enough to just describe what you saw from the time that Ardene came in and called you outside.
Hynek: It just looked to me like an ordinary object in the beginning. Then I looked at it and it was in one spot - then pretty soon it kind of hovered and then it gradually moved on toward the east. That would be backward travel or an ordinary moon to start with.
Hynek: It certainly would be. Now where was it in the sky when you first saw it?
Hynek: I would say it was kind of in a southeast situation.
Hynek: As what angular elevation up - that is, how high would you have to point?
Hynek: I couldn't say how high, because you wouldn't know how big the object was.
Hynek: I don't mean how high it was in feet, but I mean how far did you have to lift up in degrees.
Hynek: About 45° at the most.
Hynek: I'm rather surprised that the moon wasn't seen also, because it rose at 11:36 the night, however, they may have been clouds around the eastern horizon.
Hynek: I didn't see the moon at all, not even after this thing disappeared.