The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document.

OCR Text Output:
The UFO was not in the nature of an explosion. It hung fixed in the nature, and clear. the complete outline from upper tip to lower end was sharp and fixed. The total estimated time of observation was between 20 to 30 seconds. As it departed, it ripped apart. I saw the solid interior. Then the interior condensed into fragments, and the fragments went out.
"Any way, your letter is correct -- the UFO could have been at ANY height and distance, and shown such details from such a distance (say, 1 mile?). Yet vision from the ground may miss some details through comparisons, and VISION "is somehow at fault for not acknowledging this previously, but my illusion was so clear."
"Yes, it is possible the UFO might have been a meteor exploding at any distance, and any altitude, but what the eye saw fixed in space, that the tear drop outline was clear and there NO movement as in a trajectory."
Clearly Mr. ... has recorded a comment that the UFO "as do some observers, for which he is to be complimented."
Quite early in my own examination of the UFO problem, I was confronted by colleagues at the University of Arizona who displayed their concern that UFOs and planetary laboratory proposed that, as since the wave of an entering meteoroid is a plasma which is a metallic state was ionization, perhaps vertical relations on the meteor-wake boundary could spin off masses of incandescent plasma that are reported as a UFO..."
President: I have been able to track down the scientist who advanced this novel idea, he is a former Commander of the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory. Personally, I was not engaged in plasma physics research and since the company's interests in this field are more come to an end.
On Jan. 28, 1959, I wrote him telling him only briefly of a recent UFO case. In his brief reply of Jan. 7, 1959, he outlined his ideas, which he has done, informally, in his reply.
This report has been prepared as an interim status report for a handful of scientists who may be interested in this case in the hope of spurring interest and comment.
Philip J. Klass
900 "H" St. SW
Washington D.C. 20024
January 27, 1969