There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, containing only text.

OCR output:

Did she have them on at the time? What is the nature of her correction?
I think this is extremely important, although I know that the Air Force has sometimes taken the view that such questions "invade the privacy of the individual," which to me is absolute nonsense if you are going to investigate matters of this sort. If you don't ask the important questions, you might as well just shut up and go to bed.

She says this person's report sounds like the moon to me, except for her report of emotions. With this light cloud or fog, I could not focus very well to what she said. She had no idea of the exact distance. She became confused and frightened. Even if it may have been only 30° or so above the horizon, was in itself an indication of an impression of nearness, which I give very little weight.

The concept of the moon following a car is extremely clear. When she stopped the car, she noticed that it was stationary. This again is characteristic of this optical illusion. And her estimation of distance, 300 feet (?), though just a guess, is again characteristic of estimates of distance when one cannot get a real parallel, consistent with the moon. Again, with her insistence on station, I think this could easily have been an optical illusion. I cannot understand why Hynek did not make some inquiries about her eyes. I don't even know whether the was wearing glasses or not. Some of her description of the appearance strongly suggests a defect of some sort.

She comes now, some ten months after that she had seen a "flying saucer" and she says that "you could truly tell that it was not the object and you could truly tell that it was definitely a saucer." There is no question here, as to how she was able to make this distinction? Hynek seems impressed that this object was not the moon and so he is agreeing with the girl. The description of the object seems to be rough some haze. Moreover, she does not indicate, nor does the rest of a set of sketches, any indication of its motion. He seems to be a flat disk rotating around the center. And that was what she said and cannot, something like a plate, Now she changes her impression and says that it looked like a quarter of a pie. Why didn't Hynek question her on this point? When, for example, did it change?