This document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text, possibly a report or document from Project Blue Book, discussing various electromagnetic disturbances and phenomena observed during a fireball event.

Text from the document:

XV. ELECTROMAGNETIC DISTURBANCES DURING FIREBALL EVENTS

Astapovich calls the various electromagnetic phenomena observed during fireball passage "radioelectric" and "electromagnetic." (12) These electromagnetic disturbances, if a net result, accumulated in the wake of the fireball. The charged craft could possibly be the cause of the disturbances in the same way as a thunderstorm. They could disturb radio communications, blackout, and the earth's fire might be seen, and local radio reception could also be upset. It is also probable that motion of the plasma around the fireball through the earth's magnetic field could be the cause of some of the disturbances. Also, electromagnetic radiation could cause some disturbance in the magnetic field. Apparently, the disturbances were not limited to radio static. Astapovich reports a few instances which included disruption of electrical power during the fireball of November 29, 1962 (old calendar), near the village of Noviy Byt.* "Electrical power failed there, the earth was shaken in many places, and on the roads and dwellings there was burning paper, and people were afraid "fire around and near them" during the flight of a large fireball. Many instances of alleged malfunctions of machinery accompanying fireballs have been recorded, and there were cases in which the "size" behaved like ball lightning, becoming first large and then shrinking to radiological night as it disappeared. In the third, a careful recording of Astapovich's original data suggests that at least as many cases involved the temporary failure of power lines to electrical machinery, apparatus and devices as were associated with fireballs. According to eyewitnesses of the event, the electrical equipment cooled during the fireball passage. It is not known if this phenomenon of electromagnetic disturbances is consistent with the passage of a fireball.

Other electrical disturbances have been observed in recent years. According to eyewitnesses of the Mantra studies of February 1962, there were disturbances to radio communications and power failures.