The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

I would say maybe about three miles.
Were there other houses and things like that around?
No.

Now let me ask you to describe your actions as you stated - you said at one time you got out and ran to a farmhouse, and then what happened.
First of all, I remained calm. I knew exactly what was going on, but I could tell it seemed to me, that I was involving the lights. And I really didn't know what to do, so I left the car with the lights on and started heading on up his house (it). And then it seemed to me that the lights were coming on up and heading toward the house again and it seemed to be moving, always being overhead so this is how I got the idea it was moving along. And I just ran into the house to get other people, and all of a sudden it got smaller directly overhead and they quickly shor out to the horizon.

In which direction to the horizon?
East.

Now how long at that time you should have seen the moon there because the moon was there in the east. How long after it first happened was it until you talked to somebody?
Immediately. Because as I was coming into the house - they were seeing it move over that way and it was something that went off again and on again periodically.

Who was the first one to see it after you?
Mr. - . My father-in-law, - .

Who are the relationships there?
Gerald, the husband and - , husband's father.

When you first came in - please try to describe when you got to the house, what did you do? Did you hang on the door, or did you walk in?
I just walked on in. I would come out here for a minute, there's a flying saucer. They can out and didn't seem astonished. They said that's the moon - don't worry - and then I was satisfied. Then we watched it some more and you could truly tell that it was not the moon and you could truly tell it was definitely a saucer.

When you then came out was it still overhead?
No.