There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing an incident that occurred on August 15, 1968 in Yellow Springs, Ohio.

The text reads as follows:

September 22, 1968

For the Record: Summary of the sighting of August 15, 1968, Yellow Springs, Ohio.

Mrs. X have just finished talking with Mr. and Mr. and Mr. and it took nearly an hour to get the details. It is all on tape and has been transcribed, but a synopsis of the case follows:

With the car moving down when she came home from Xenia, Ohio, driving a convertible overhead. I quizzed her on this at length, but couldn't shake her story that it was oval-shaped, seemed to glow, and she didn't know how high it was - so give her a credit point or two for honesty on that. The oval part of the object screamed down the road in front of them, seemed three miles from home but covered the distance in just a few minutes. She was frightened, and her first impression was that it was the moon, escape I considered however that it was a student at Gincinnati, reading a book at the time upstairs and didn't come down at once, until he got interested and the then went out but saw nothing, not even the moon. He stayed outside for ten minutes and the glow came back, and moved around, but not much attituding the housewives against the branches of a tree. The object or glow was not overhead but about 30 or so degrees above the eastern horizon - it said, like a full moon shining through not definitely the moon itself.

There is disagreement on the time, but they should have seen the moon unless there was a bank of clouds in the eastern sky, which happen more frequently than not. But unless they are sure that the moon was down, I would put it into the "Plasma" category if I absolutely had to.

There also was disagreement on the sound, but they agreed on the odor, which was the usual sterile character. One said that he was not conscious of any sound. 

On the basis of the evidence given, particularly as to the angular elevation in the sky, the eastward motion when it did move away, and the misty appearance - it would suggest insufficient information for a definitive evaluation, or "unidentified". To identify it as the moon or some other normal funily of the weighing five it is a fact that not only I but four saw the rising quarter moon at the time but did see stars, causing me to think that the eastern horizon may have been obscured. It seems unlikely to me that all four, particularly the engineering student, would not have recognized the moon.