The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report on daily weather maps, providing information about the Weather Bureau's publication of daily weather charts and maps.

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE/Environmental Science Services Administration/Environmental Data Service
DAILY WEATHER MAPS
WEEKLY SERIES NOV. 25-DEC. 1, 1968

The charts in this publication are a part of the principal charts of the Weather Bureau publication, Daily Weather Map. They include the Surface Weather Map, the Highest and Lowest Temperature Chart, and the Daily Precipitation Chart. All of the charts for one day are arranged on a single page of this publication. The symbols used on the charts are the standard national weather maps prepared by the National Meteorological Center, Weather Bureau. The symbols used previously in Daily Weather Map publications are continued on these charts.

The Surface Weather Map presents the station data and the analysis of the fronts, highs, lows, and other weather features at 7:00 a.m./e.s.t. The tracks of well-defined low pressure areas are indicated by dashed lines, and are labeled in degrees Celsius. The arrows show the wind direction and speed at the 500 millibar level.

The Highest and Lowest Temperature Chart presents the maximum and minimum values for the 24 hour period ending at 1:00 a.m./e.s.t. The amount of precipitation can be determined from the Surface Weather Map. The maximum temperature is plotted above the station location and the minimum temperature is plotted below.

The Daily Precipitation Chart indicates by means of shading the areas that had precipitation during the 24 hour period. Amounts in inches to the nearest hundredth of an inch are for the same period, and complete totals are underlined.

To obtain copies of these maps, write to: Environmental Science Services Administration, Publications Section, AC 43, Rockville, Maryland 20852. Back issues may also be obtained. The price is $4.50 per year, $5.20 additional for airmail within the U.S., $3.75 additional for foreign mail, single copy - 15 cents.