The provided image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a typed report or document, likely from Project Blue Book, describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

OCR Output:
APR 30-17(CI)

27. INFORMATION WHICH YOU FEEL IS PERTINENT, BUT WHICH IS NOT ADEQUATELY COVERED IN THIS QUESTIONNAIRE.
    ALTERNATIVELY PROVIDE A NARRATIVE EXPLANATION OF THE SIGHTING:

I saw a very large object which I can only describe as a very strange, flittering, hovering white object with strange sounds and lights. This object was first noticed on April 6, 1967, by my husband and I where it was seen rising from the ground of the park area where we were. 
The object gave off a very bright light and was so bright that it was hard to look directly at it. The object hovered in the sky and made a strange sound which I can only describe as a high-pitched humming. 
At times the object seemed to disappear and then reappear in a different location. The object was so bright that it lit up the entire area and we turned off the lights of our car so that we could better observe the object.
As we watched the object, it seemed to be maneuvering in various directions and at one point seemed to become translucent. We could see parts of the sky through the object as if it was partly transparent.
After observing the object for approximately 45 minutes, it suddenly shot up into the sky at a very high rate of speed and disappeared from view. We were quite amazed and perplexed by what we had witnessed and discussed it for some time afterwards. 
I am still not certain what it was that we saw that night, but I am convinced that it was some type of unidentified flying object. I was not wearing glasses and we were both sober, so I know that it was not a figment of our imagination.
We turned off the lights of the car again, and the object could still be seen, much brighter than before. It looked as if the object was hovering some distance away and then it seemed to come closer.
The light could be seen on the horizon, although at times it seemed to disappear and then reappear. I looked at the clock although the object, and it seemed to have been a little over an hour since we first noticed it.
The sound reminded me of a high-pitched humming noise, although at times it seemed to change in pitch and intensity.
We could not determine the size or distance of the object, although it appeared to be very large. It seemed to hover motionless at times, and at other times it moved quickly in various directions.
After approximately 45 minutes, the object suddenly shot straight up into the sky at a very high rate of speed and disappeared from view.