[handwritten: on July 7th 1952 Seattle]

19 Lights Soar, Fire Rockets
In Seattle Area, Pilot Claims

Associated Press
SEATTLE -- Nine red lights soared back and forth above Seattle for more than an hour last night, according to residents said, and one pilot who watched them said "they definitely were aircraft."

Thousands of callers swamped police and military offices throughout the Puget Sound region. The glittering objects are confirms the stars.

Observers said they were clearly visible from the Capitol Air Ground, the local Air Force base in suburban Auburn and local military airfield towers.

"I could not spot them on the radar," said pilot Rudy Ingham of suburban Des Moines. "But I could see them below it and it simply accelerated vertically and flew out of sight."

Washington, a real estate salesman, said the lights "doubled back and forth." He was directed by the Auburn Flight Control to descend to 5500 feet when he was about 40 miles from the city. "They immediately cleared him to drop to 2200 feet to pick up a guide marker for Seattle's Boeing Field."

could not spot them on the radar," said pilot Rudy Ingham of suburban Des Moines. "But I could see them below it and it simply accelerated vertically and flew out of sight."

"I could hardly receive the tower's instructions," said another pilot. "I had to fly to Boeing tower and I noticed right directly in front of me nine lights on a collision course," he said. "This is a military formation and I turned right. These nine lights made a right oblique turn instantly. Without any directives from the tower, but I TURNED."

"Just two seconds later, I looked over my shoulder to see where they were. I saw a light that was going and I saw a right over the southern end of Green Lake (just west of the University of Washington in Seattle)."

"Well, four rockets were fired from these objects and they were not flares, they were rockets. Three of them went straight up in the air and one of them hit the southern tip of Green Lake. I got on the radio and told the (Boeing Field) tower."

"There's a military station dropping flares! They have perfect knowledge of any military formation in the area whatsoever."