There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed report from Project Blue Book, the official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects. The text describes a witness's account of a strange light observed in the sky, possibly related to the Indiana Army Ammunition Plant. The report provides details about the witness's observations and the circumstances surrounding the incident.

Text extracted from the image:

September 9, 1968

Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

When you read what is in this letter, please keep in mind that I am highly a scientific type of individual who is normally not inclined to note or place too much emphasis on what is seen in the skies of our nation, and I am interested in finding out what is going on. 

For the past two summers members of my family and my uncle's family have been seeing something which to use seems, compared to the last summer my aunt and her two small children saw a light over the trees shining, a very bright light that got alternately brighter and then dimmer and remained stationary. My aunt did not go to the barn since it was night and she and the children were alone(my uncle had gone to work).

Last summer I was at the other farm feeding the dogs. I finished, got in the car, and proceeded to make a run. In the middle of the turn I saw a peculiar light in the sky towards the direction of the ammunition plant. It was like a star, just hanging there, and suddenly it seemed to go out, just disappear. I stopped the car, just to see if this wouldn't reappear, but nothing happened. This light didn't temporarily disappear from view or twinkle like a star - it just disappeared altogether. Remember that the light would have been just about over the Indiana Army Ammunition Plant. 

Nothing more unusual than that was seen by me last summer, but something strange things happened a couple of weeks ago. My mother and I were sitting outside in the country, a clear night, I saw a star, or so I thought, in the extreme southwestern sky. The light was moving, but not as fast as a satellite. It would veer off in one direction, then come back, then veer off again, making strange maneuvers. I could my mother the first light we saw. About ten minutes later, another light appeared, about the same brightness, and performed the same type of maneuvers. We could not hear any sound. This went on for a while. Then the lights, I think there were two by this time, seemed to come together and just appeared to go out. They didn't twinkle out, they just seemed to disappear. I told my mother the first light we saw could not have been a plane because planes have the continual blinking lights. I thought this was strange and wondered what it could be. I could not explain it, nor could my mother.

(1)