The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically a report of unidentified flying objects in Crawford County, Missouri.

MISSOURI STATE HIGHWAY PATROL
Cuba, Missouri
March 7, 1967

Subject: Report of unidentified flying objects, Crawford County, Missouri
To: Commanding Officer, USAF, Group ROTC, Missouri State Highway Patrol, Rolla, Missouri

1. On March 5, 1967, Troop I Rolla advised reporting officer that they had received a letter from a citizen about two and one-half miles northwest of Bourbon, Missouri. She stated in the letter that she had been awakened during the night by her house lights going on and off, and she looked out and saw the sky. She observed several lighted objects in the woods behind her house, and they were maneuvering and going up and down.

2. Reporting officer contacted Mrs. **** that afternoon of March 5, 1967. She stated that about 1:30 a.m. on March 5th, she and her husband had been awakened and just what they did, she stated the first time she saw the objects. They landed in the field near their house. She stated that there was one about the size of a dinner plate and after the one landed several smaller ones would come down. The smaller ones would circle the old house. The first time they were seen was February 6, 1967, and she stated she had seen them almost every night since. She said that her and her family had been watching them and they seemed to be very interested in their farm and some brush and trees near their home. They have not seen any people in the objects.

3. The night of March 6, 1967, this officer went back to the home of Mr. and Mrs. **** and observed two hours. This officer observed several bright airplanes, all flying from east to west or west to east. They have flashing red and green and white lights. This officer waited to see if any unusual lights or activity would appear, but there were none.

4. It is the opinion of this officer that Mrs. **** believes she has observed something unusual and that there may be some natural phenomenon occurring, which she is not able to explain. This officer feels that her imagination is contributing to some of the things she sees.

D. R. Shelton, Trooper
DESS/p
CC: Sergeant A. F. O'Dell