There is no photograph present in the provided image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text. 

Here is the text from the document, transcribed using OCR:

"Finally, as for the statement about "keeping her cool", I refer to Lucy's statement that "when she came in she seemed to have started to death." And that is the impression I get from her actions.

To summarize my impression, there is absolutely nothing in this entire statement that leads me to suspect that something other than the moon was involved. Certainly no plasma phenomenon was necessary.

In my honest opinion, there is absolutely no reason to keep this sighting on the list of unknowns.

In defense of Hynek's position, however, I concur that the moon does not necessarily account for twenty degrees, nevertheless, what he said, that "it seemed to move slowly" to descend within about a few hundred feet, following her, she would have clearly overheated" so I do not think that Hynek's question to her husband, concerning Anderson's visibility, was responsible. 

I realize, too, that the moon and stars don't just hang around the way they are seen too many cases of both moving fog and astronautics to believe that is what happened at this same place. That was a single example, completely separate from other cases which may have some comparable similarity. On the other hand, I do not think it is not justified to use this point because I gather from some of Hynek's comments that the motion seems some distance from the local scene did arise from cases certainly unrelated phenomena. And that is something I have to consider on this point, because I gather from some of the comments that attention was given to some possible connection in this case that attracts him.

I don't. There are too many-far too many different stimuli that give rise to such phenomena. On a given night, from the same locality, reports of UFO's will arrive from widely scattered points. And this is something I have to consider."