The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribed text from the document:

Early in September of 1960, the Air Force Project Blue Book office sent for the following UFO report which it had received from Washington.

[COPY]
JULY 29, 1968

Chief of Staff
U.S.A.F.
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

This is to report an Unidentified Flying Object as follows:

At about 2 P.M. July 28 on the farm in Cuming County, Nebraska, I became alarmed when my dogs began barking violently. Upon going outside, I observed in the pasture a disc-shaped object hovering above the ground about 30 feet. This object was very bright and appeared to be metallic. It was about 30 feet in diameter and about 12 feet thick. It gave off a brilliant glow but it was not an object - it was a phenomenon of light or electricity. The heavy and of the tee-drop was exposed the object and there was a strange buzzing sound coming from it - the object was emitting blue.

As I watched, it burst with a blinding light & then disintegrated into fragments of light. The fragments of light were so bright that it was impossible to look at them directly. As far as I have told no one except Mrs. Gromer. At the time it was on the ground 20 or more small balls seemed to have risen from the ground for ten or fifteen seconds.

Temperature was approx. 88-90 degrees. Sky was cloudless. Sun was very hot.

The instant reception captured a small but understandable number of seconds. There was no odor. This was not a man-made object nor was any human associated with it.

If you wish to question me, I am available.

Very sincerely,
[REDACTED]

The USAF has sent me one of its standard UFO report forms to fill out. From its responses, the following details emerge:

1. The sighting was approximately 2 p.m. and was emphasized "approximately."

2. The location of the sighting was estimated at "Approx. 30 sec."

3. When asked to describe the object's appearance, the witness denoted "Amorphous" - selfilluminated. No further details.