There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA 
1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20036

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP. The information supplied is treated as confidential and your identity will be protected by NICAP in the regularly issued magazine, or in another publication. Please try to answer all questions as fully as possible. Should you need additional room, please use additional sheets of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is sincerely appreciated.

1. Name ALRS Mary Power 
   Address 156 Broadway
         Malden Mass
Telephone

2. Date of Observation April 20, 1968
3. Locality of Observation Residence, usual limits
4. How long did you see the object(s)? 5 minutes
5. Please describe the weather conditions and the type of sky: clear daylight, cloudy, etc. Clearly bright
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you. Not clear
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? Yo
8. Were there more than one object? if so, please make a sketch or draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.
9. Please give details of the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) make any sound? Was it (were they) brighter than the background sky? See narrative attached of investigator's report
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background sky? No. 
11. If so, compare its brightness to the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. Full moon when near horizon.
12. Did the object(s): 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? No 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush out of sight? Not
c. Give off smoke? No
d. Leave any trail? Not
e. Break up or explode? No
f. Change brightness? Yes, seemed larger than at first, seemed an elongated oval as it moved farther away
g. Change shape? No
13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please give details, size, etc., if possible. No
14. Was there any wind? If so, please give direction and speed, if known. No wind
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, binoculars, telescope, or storm window, screening, etc.? No
16. Did the object(s) have any sound? Yes What kind? Humming or buzzing sound
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) (Choose one):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined, yes