There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned text document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Transcription:

She headed for the apartment at a dead run while I continued viewing the object.

6. The object slowly continued making a sweeping motion in the sky at approximately the same angle (thirty-five to forty degrees) off the horizon above the trees.

7. My wife returned about forty-five seconds to a minute with my telescope, to its lower power, and another four or five seconds to focus the object. Just as I was placing my telescope on full power, the object disappeared as abruptly as the first disappearance.

8. When the object disappeared, it did not fade. I compare the disappearance to a light switch. It was there - then it wasn't.

9. The atmosphere was extremely clear, as we could see the moon and a few stars. The object was about the brightness of the moon, and I could hear no noise from the object, and could see no propulsion system.

10. Upon the object's last disappearance, my wife and I waited a couple of minutes to see if the object would reappear. It did not.

11. My wife and I entered our apartment at approximately 1741 hours. Our sighting lasted about eleven minutes. I immediately started writing down everything I could remember, and so did my wife.

12. At 1745 hours, I made a telephone call to Stewart Air Force Base and spoke to the NCOD. He took my name and telephone number and I gave him a brief synopsis of my wife's and I's observations. At approximately 1800 hours, the NCOD called me and asked if I would call Major Breedlove at Stewart AFB. Extension 3234. I would call Major Breedlove at Stewart AFB.

13. At 1800 hours, I called Major Breedlove and gave him my report. He recorded as much information as possible and asked me to bring my narrative I had written on our observations to the UFO Officer, 4713 DSDS, Stewart AFB, New York, (Building 110). I told Major Breedlove that I would comply with his request.