The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document that describes a UFO sighting event that occurred near Columbus, Ohio.

Text from the document:

JAN. 24,1968 COLUMBUS DISPATCH

Glowing Objects Hover Over City in
Amazing UFO Display

By E. E. ELLIOTT
Of The Dispatch Staff

Franklin County sheriff's deputies, newsmen, and residents "viewed an amazing UFO demonstration over Columbus shortly after midnight Tuesday.

Astonishingly, Lockbourne AFB reportedly said they saw nothing on their radarscopes of the "flying objects - sighted.

SHERIFF'S deputy Thomas Parker and Deputy Edward Barber of the Prairie Township police department gave this account:

About 9 p.m. the two were dispatched to the vicinity of Big Run and Giants Res. to investigate reports of flashing lights in the sky.

"They appeared to hover about as high as most commercial airplanes - around 1500 to 2000 feet. One hovered a little higher than the others, and they stayed in that position for about 20 seconds," Parker told them.

"Then, as we watched, they [the objects] changed position slightly and disappeared in a blinding flash," the deputy said. "It was like looking into a spotlight."

"THEY APPEARED to be round - like looking into a spotlight - that's the one thing I ever saw in the sky."

They appeared to hover about as high as most commercial airplanes - around 1500 to 2000 feet. One hovered a little higher than the others, and they stayed in that position for about 20 seconds. Then, as we watched, they [the objects] changed position slightly and disappeared in a blinding flash. It was like looking into a spotlight.

On arriving, the deputies immediately saw two such lights.

"THEN, as we watched, they [the objects] changed position slightly and then disappeared in a blinding flash," the deputies reported. "It was like looking into a spotlight."

WITHIN another minute or so, the deputies reported, the upper of the two glowing, yellowish-white vehicles "zipped" higher to meet the lower of the two, and the four remaining objects then moved in a parallel formation.

The deputies remained in contact with the sheriff's office by radio, and by this method Lockbourne AFB was telephoned. But Lockbourne apparently said they had seen nothing on their radarscopes.

As the deputies continued to watch, one of the vehicles "quickly said, "and one of them began to pulsate," began to move away. "Then they all moved away from the area," Barker said.

SEVERAL area residents, including the Franklin Township and Grove City police departments, reported seeing the objects. The sheriff's office said Wednesday one of the residents said the objects descended to a point above the treetops of Lockbourne minutes, west of Interstate 71 and slightly south of Rt. 665.

This reporter and Dispatch photographer - Time Barnes arrived in the area about 15 minutes after initial reports and soon sighted one of the objects hovering about three miles east of Grove City. 

It appeared to descend vaguely circular in shape and some all over with a pulsing, yellowish-white light. Two observers reported that the object then shot upward and rapidly disappeared.