The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Output of the text contained in the document:

Across the eastern United States, from Northern Tennessee to north eastern Pennsylvania, Sunday evening, 3 March 1968, was clear and cold. The sighting, as the duty officer of the eastern Pennsylvania district controller's office, Edwards Air Force Base, told me, was reported by three observers, John R. Wilson of Alexandria, Pennsylvania, Dade City, Florida, and his wife who saw the objects from their farm about 15 miles southwest of Dade City, Florida. At approximately 8.15 pm. John R. Wilson, the informant, saw three bright lights in the sky, traveling in a southeasterly direction. They were in a tight line formation. At first, Mr. Wilson thought they were stars, but as they approached, he could see that they were not. They were about 30 degrees above the horizon. As they approached, Mr. Wilson said, "like a single small white light in the sky ahead" of the observer the objects suddenly changed direction and sped away at a tremendous rate of speed. So fast, in fact, that it did not blink! It was so constant. As it approached, it grew larger and looked like the "whole of a plane". Then about the same time, Mr. Wilson thought, the whole object or objects grew dimmer. Then directly behind the first object came a second. Then directly behind the second, there was a third. They weren't planes, they weren't even bright. The first one was a little brighter than the other two. According to the times given, this sighting lasted three to four minutes. At times the length of the objects, it was a beautiful sight to behold and the wonder was that, with all this speed, there was no sound.

About the same time on the outskirts of Daley Springs, Nebraska, two people described that he saw an object, due east about 40 to 50 degrees above the horizon. Mr. Daley described this object as a "small American-type jet' as it passed over going in a northeasterly direction. The object was about the size of a B-29 bomber. The "American Association of Variable Star Observers" were in session three miles, closer together, he wrote. The leading one was about 30 feet in front of the others, which were about 30 feet apart. The three objects were of equal brightness. The American Association of Variable Star Observers were three yards like objects, close together, "The leading one was about 30 feet in front of the others, which were about 30 feet apart. The three objects were of equal brightness, brilliance scale. The first one seemed to get smaller than the others, to slow down then to increase speed, to get larger then to get smaller, then to disappear like a meteor". He lost sight of the objects when they were within five degrees of the horizon.

These accounts and others like them--about a couple of dozen in all--came in a tiny corner of the United States on 3 March 1968--in the three-quarter of an organization known as the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP). 10 accounts of this particular incident on 3 March 1968 are in the Central Phenomena Office of the United States Air Force at Wright Patterson Air Force Base.

It is now apparent that the March phenomena was part of a much larger series of sightings that came later in the year, through the spring and summer, along the entire United States. Union's satellite Zond II--an apparently abortive moon probe, Zond II, was launched on September 30, 1965. The satellite, after a flight of 660,000 miles, entered the earth's atmosphere and it was announced it had been placed in a parking orbit until it would be position for launching further into the earth. The assumption was that the satellite was intended to travel to the environment of the Moon so maneuvering into a parking orbit, waiting for the right launching conditions, and of a rendezvous with the moon on Sunday night at approximately 0245 or 0345 GMT. However, it never reached its parking orbit. It was evidently forced down along the eastern area of the United States. It presumably landed somewhere on the eastern coast of the United States. It is believed that this activity prompted a great many of the sightings of UFOs that came into Project Blue Book during this period.