The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report about daily weather maps, specifically the "Weekly Series Sept. 9-15, 1968" published by the U.S. Department of Commerce's Environmental Science Services Administration / Environmental Data Service.

The text on the page provides detailed descriptions and explanations of the information presented in the weather maps, including the meaning of various symbols, contour lines, and precipitation patterns.

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE/ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE SERVICES ADMINISTRATION/ENVIRONMENTAL DATA SERVICE

DAILY WEATHER MAPS

WEEKLY SERIES SEPT. 9-15, 1968

The charts in this publication are a continuation of the weather maps previously published in the U.S. Weather Bureau publication "Daily Weather Maps". The publication presents a synoptic analysis of the 500 millibar surface and a surface weather map for each day from 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. The tracks of well-defined frontal systems, the locations of these frontal systems, and the associated pressure areas are indicated by symbols at 6, 12, and 18 hours preceding map time as indicated by the small black squares encircling the symbols. Areas of precipitation are indicated by shading. The weather reports that are plotted above the station models are only a fraction of those that are actually used in the operational weather maps, and on which the analyses are based. Occasionally, apparent discrepancies between the plotted reports and the analyses result from these station reports that cannot be included in the published maps because of lack of space.

The 500-millibar surface at 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. The height contours are shown as dashed lines, and are labeled in units of geopotential Celsius. The arrows show the wind direction and speed at the 500-millibar level.

The highest and lowest Temperature values Chart presents the maximum and minimum temperature values for the 24-hour period ending at 7:00 a.m. e.s.t. The names of the reporting stations can be obtained from the Surface Weather Map. The maximum temperature is plotted above the minimum temperature.