The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and transcribe all the text found in the document.

A report of an unusual flying object was received at this base by SSgt J.A. Booth the 6th of Dec 1968 at 2205. The reporter, a telephone and his description of the incident can be found in Appendix A of this report.

On receiving the report, SSgt Booth reported the incident to Lt. Donald E. Waddell, UFO (DETR) of the 4661th ARRT. The 6th of Dec Lt. Waddell contacted Right-Patterson AFB (DETR) and reported the incident to Capt. Joseph who instructed a follow up report.

The same day Indianapolis ARTCC was contacted concerning the incident. The watch supervisor said no unusual air traffic was observed in the area the 5th but that the Ohio State Patrol said no other reports were received concerning the sighting.

The witness indicated that his ability to verify the details of this story as he contradicted himself several times. The object, he said, was observed in Bellefontaine 2000-2030, appearing to move from east then to the south. The object was observed while the individual was driving. He described it as light in color, self-illuminating, solid circle with fuzzy edges. It was about the size of a quarter and no noise was heard. He stated if it was his first sighting of such an object said yes but later told of a similar experience in April of 1968 in which a general alarm was given. He described the object as black cigar shaped and at the same time turned a bluish-white and disappeared. There was another observer to this individual event but did not know who it was.

Originally he indicated that the sky was clear of any objects such as air traffic during the sighting but later said that it was a small aircraft flying north in the area which first drew his attention to the object.

The witness is a male, 19 years of age who is an assembly line worker at Airstream Manufacturing Co. His address is Bellefontaine, Ohio. He scientific or technical background and is a high school graduate.