The image contains a photograph showing a diagram of the path the "light mass" took while Mrs. Harold Siverly and her daughter Nancy observed it from their home in Ipswich. The diagram shows the direction and location of the "light mass" as it moved across the sky.

English teacher sights UFO in Ipswich
"The whole of an object, first seemed to be an airplane, changed shape and then assumed the shape of a dirigible gas bag type, just above the top of the trees," said Mrs. Harold Siverly.
"After it started to move away, it took the shape of a great mass of light, high in the sky and we did our best to follow up till it disappear the - light across the sky in a matter of seconds, leaving no trace."
Mrs. Siverly and her daughter, Nancy, Mill Road, Ipswich, were describing an incident which happened to them last Friday between 7 and 7:15 p.m.
They left their house on the Warburg lane to pick up Mrs. Siverly's aunt, who was preparing for the family engagement party at their home.
"As we got to the end of our driveway, we noticed this great mass of light, high in the sky," said Mrs. Siverly. "They seemed to be sever­light." al hundred feet in diameter, it was definitely not a star­shaped object and was moving in a steady course."
Mrs. Siverly and her daugther rushed into the house to tell other family members about what they had seen. They then returned outside and watched the object for about five minutes.
"It was almost parallel to the ground and like a star, but considerably larger and brighter," they said. Both Mrs. Siverly and her daughter had the distinct impression that it was either a jet or another object of some kind.
"It just disappeared," she said.
Other UFOs
Earlier last week other "light masses" were reported by at least a half dozen people in nearby areas. The writer corresponded with what Mrs. Siverly said, though Mrs. Siverly had not heard about them.
Mrs. Edward M. Green, Sage Gardens, and her daughter's friend of 19 years standing, saw a light in the sky several evenings ago. Mrs. Green said the light was seen in the same direction in which Jeffrey Reed said he had been while walking along Jeffrey Reed road, not far away.
The object followed Mrs. Green's car for some distance, she said.
Volkswagen introduces the