There is a photograph present in this document, which appears to be an image of the Parthenon in Centennial Park, Nashville, Tennessee.

Text from the document:

NASHVILLE MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM
CONVENTIONS • SPORTS EVENTS • TRADE SHOWS • EXPOSITIONS • SPECTACULARS • CONCERTS
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE
VOLUME I NO. 3 JANUARY-FEBRUARY 1958
THE PARTHENON
In Centennial Park 
Nashville, Tennessee

One of the extremely valuable contributions made by Nashville to the cultural life of our nation is the magnificent architectural offering of the Parthenon, known as the "Athens of the South." This building was first erected in 1897 for the gallery of fine arts for the Tennessee Centennial Exposition. After the Exposition closed, the Parthenon was abandoned and fell into a state of decay. But in 1927, the people of Nashville raised funds and restored the beloved building to stand for nearly 30 years. The Board of Parks Commissioners got together and decided that this Parthenon should be a permanent part of Nashville. But Nashville is ever-growing and this parcel of ground upon which the Parthenon stood is now considered to be too small for the present reproduction. 
The present Parthenon, at Athens, was begun in 438 B.C. and was the shrine of Athena, the Goddess of Wisdom. The Parthenon is a great example of Doric architecture with the surrounding sculpture and statuary depicting Greek history, philosophy, and mythology, as well as the statue of the Goddess of Wisdom, in order that the replica here in Nashville may reflect the true Parthenon.
Nashville's Parthenon differs from the original in Athens in several features. There is a difficult light overhead as opposed to the more even light of the sun on the original. This is essential due to our colder winters during which time the great bronze doors must be closed. We have passageways from the interior to the exterior to provide additional light. The Greek laymen were not permitted to view the interiors of this sacred temple, but we have made available much of the interior structure. The reproduction here in Nashville was of marble re-enforced with steel, the last process being unknown in Greece.
The Parthenon, as it stands today, is concrete re-enforced with steel which, in several respects, is more durable than the original, the Baptistery excepted. They possess it, but these are not the originals, the Baptistery was cast from molds of the first. The Greeks used their Parthenon for 900 years as a temple; the Christians used it for 900 years as a church; and the Turks used it for 200 years as a Mosque.
There is a basement for the Parthenon for the enjoyment of visitors. It houses several permanent fine arts exhibits. It is not to be the reproduction and should not be so interpreted as such.
The city of Nashville accepted the restoration of the Parthenon in 1927 and it functions today under the authority of the Board of Parks and Recreation. Around 500,000 visit this great structure each year. The visitors come from far and wide to visit and study its pure classic beauty. They are students of art, history and architecture, as well as people on vacation and school groups.