There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. The image contains only text, which I will proceed to transcribe:

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
Subj: Telephone call, 25 Nov 63 re UFO Sighting 
Captain Major of Base Ops, Moody AFB, called and spoke with 2d Lt Marano on 25 November 1963. A Mr. B. observed a UFO on 22 November 2005 local, 0105Z 10 miles west of Newton. The sighting had not been reported to the Air Force. An interview on the UFO sighting was made by WAHL TV of Albany on 23 November. The vehicle hovered 50 ft off the ground, three off a very bright light, cut electricity in his car, object left straight up with no noise. Captain Major wanted to know what he should do about it. It Marano said that according to SAFOI we do not investigate second hand reports and should not go out and investigate, however, we would appreciate it if Captain Major sent newscliping[sic] on the sighting to Wright-Patterson. Do not stir it up.
Approximately one hour later Captain Major called back. Capt Major it was going to be released by UPI that information on the sighting was going to be sent to the Project Blue Book Office at Wright-Patterson. The information office told the UPI that it was going to Wright-Patterson. Col Quintanilla informed Captain Major that they had no right to tell the UPI that it was going to be sent to Wright-Patterson because it was a second hand report and that they had better get on the line and tell SAFOI what had happened. Col Quintanilla told him that if they told the UPI that they were going to investigate it then they had better not just out and investigate it. Capt Major said it was not him that goofed but Information office. Col Quintanilla told him that he had better get the Information Office people to get together with the Office of Information in Washington and let them know what they are going to do about the Case. Col Quintanilla requested that Capt Major call Col Quintanilla tomorrow (26 Nov 63) and let us know what action they have taken.