The image contains a newspaper article with the title "Elmer Man Sees Strange Flying Object--It Stopped His Truck". The article describes an encounter between a man and a strange flying object that caused his truck to stop. There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image.

Text extracted from the document:

Elmer Man Sees Strange Flying
Object--It Stopped His Truck
(from the Mason Chronicle-
rimes)
Elmer Heinzmann, a 57-year-old Davenport, Iowa man, said he
was driving home from the ALCOA plant about 10:45 p.m. Monday
when he saw a strange object in the sky about 50 feet above the ground. 
He said it was circular in shape, about 30 to 35 feet in diameter, and
had a bright shiny light around the outer edges, like the lens of
car headlights with a bluish-color that was almost blinding to his eyes.
"While I was watching the object approach, it began to slow down
and drop closer to the ground," Heinzmann said. "It then came
to within about six feet of my truck and my motor quit running.
"I watched it for maybe a minute and a half or two minutes as
it hovered just a few feet above the road in front of my truck. Then
it suddenly shot straight up and disappeared from sight instantly."
Heinzmann said he was about two miles west of Walcott, Iowa
when the incident occurred. He estimated the object was about
50 feet above the ground.
"The light from the object was so bright I couldn't make out any
details of the object itself," he said. "I could only see the bright
light. It had no exhaust, no wings, and was completely silent as
it approached and then shot straight up."
Heinzmann said he waited a while after the object disappeared
before trying to restart his truck. It started right up, he said.
"I was really scared at first, but when the thing took off straight
up and disappeared, I was just plain amazed," he said. "I've never
seen anything like it before in my life."
Heinzmann said he was traveling about 55 mph when he first saw
the object. "It was traveling much faster than my truck," he added.
Heinzmann said the object did not come any closer than about 
six feet from his truck. "But that was close enough," he said.
"I can't understand what it was or where it came from. All I know
is that it stopped my truck cold and then shot straight up and was
gone."
Heinzmann said he has no idea what the object was or where it
came from. He said he stopped at a farmhouse near Walcott to
call the Davenport police, but they had no information on similar
reports.
"No one seems to know anything about it," Heinzmann said. "All
I know is that I saw it and it really happened--it was no dream."