There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NICAP MASS SIGHTING REPORT
1969-27/14 October 1969 (Cont'd)

Sighting Account:
On 14 October 1969, 8:40 PM EDT, Mr. and Mrs. [REDACTED] observed an unusual object in the sky over their home at 72 Devon Road, Chicago, Illinois. Their attention was attracted by a line of 5 or 6 "faint-like" sparking lights at an elevation of 45° in the NW which appeared to be moving upward and over a section of newly-installed power lines. He stopped his car at the Route #2 Shirley Road, got out and watched the object more closely. (A few cars passed by but did not seem to notice the strange lights). As he stood next to his car with the headlights on, the object came nearer and seemed to be surrounded by a halo or glow of light. It moved rapidly upward and as they came closer and passed directly over him it changed from the straight-line formation to a half circle moving forward and one light to the rear. (See sketch). This movement packed the 5 or 6 lights into a tight circular formation that resembled a cigarshaped object with the sparks flickering on and off. The object flew at a very high rate of speed and then vanished from sight. The total sighting duration was estimated at 5 minutes.

Sighting Evaluation:
My first thought was that perhaps a hoax cleaning garment hot-air balloon (like have been used for scientific and other type of balloon) ascents might be involved. However, the sparking candles always seem to take on an erratic, drops of a matter trail and usually its duration is shorter. My second thought was that the witness observation was significantly different than normal balloon or aircraft types. However, such (although the description would cover 2 or 3 aircraft I have seen) is aparent that no note from it was made nor conventional running lights as seen. Also, the lights maneuvering were quite large (even if exaggerated slightly) and passed in a different configuration. (Although the change and running lights would indicate an aircraft were involved). It's apparent also was quite large and seemed to be maneuvering in a way that suggests an unconventional aircraft was involved.