This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

IF Force UFO form continued

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 
Unknown

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 
5-8 mi. 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?  
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an aircraft (type) 
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/outside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying in an aircraft?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you going? (Circle One) 
a. North  b. East  c. South  d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving?
 mph per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) 
Yes  No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes - No 
b. Binoculars Yes - No
c. Wind shield Yes - No
d. Telescope Yes - No 
e. Window glass Yes - No
f. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a continuous account of what you observed, when you first noticed the object, where you saw it, its path of flight and size, the time of observation and anything else that will help to give a complete account. Use the reverse side if necessary. 
The object was round in shape and hovered in the sky. It then sped off at a very high rate of speed. This lasted for about 5 minutes. I had the object in view for the complete time. It appeared to be approximately 5-8 miles away. The sighting occurred outdoors. I did not stop or slow down my vehicle during the sighting. I did not observe the object through any instruments.