The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a textual document titled "DAILY WEATHER MAPS" from the U.S. Department of Commerce, Environmental Science Services Administration/Environmental Data Service, discussing the weather maps for the period of September 22-28, 1969.

OCR Text Output:
DAILY WEATHER MAPS
WEEKLY SERIES SEPTEMBER 22-28, 1969

The charts in this publication are a contribution to the meteorological service of the Weather Bureau publication.

The Weather Map. They indicate the surface weather conditions at a specific time of the day, usually at 7:00 AM EST. The three Weather Maps, the 500-millibar map, the 700 millibar map, and the surface weather map provide a synoptic picture of the weather conditions over a large area.

All of the charts for one day are produced on a single sheet for convenience. They are printed in black and white. Contours or isopleths are shown as solid lines. Above sea level, the isotherms are shown as dashed lines, and are labeled in degrees Celsius. The arrows show the wind direction and speed at the 700 millibar level.

The Surface Weather Map presents the actual weather conditions over the country at the time shown. The fronts of well-defined depressions or anticyclones are drawn in the conventional manner. The centers of highs and lows are labeled as to their character and minimum or maximum values as appropriate.

The 500-millibar Chart presents the contour pattern of the constant pressure surface at that level. This chart depicts the upper air flow pattern, and indicates the development and movement of major weather systems.

The 700-millibar Chart presents a similar constant pressure chart, but at a lower level in the atmosphere. It is useful in weather analysis and forecasting.

Checks should be drawn payable to the Superintendent of Documents, Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Single copies may be obtained from the Weather Bureau, 5200 Auth Road, Suitland, Md. 20023. Subscriptions to the Weekly Series of Daily Weather Maps are available at a cost of $8.00 for the season, or $28.00 per year, from the Superintendent of Documents.