There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting the investigation of an unidentified flying object sighting near Twin Falls, Idaho on October 23, 1969.

The text in the document is as follows:

INVESTIGATION OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (UFO) 21 November 1969

The following report contains information accumulated during the investigation of the reported sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO) near Twin Falls, Idaho. The sighting occurred during the early evening of 23 October 1969 and was reported to the Command Post 23 October 1969 by Mr. Richard Parrott, Route #1, Twin Falls, Idaho on 23 October 1969.

The investigation was conducted by Sgt Theodore G. Ackley, RA 00-430-3394, 67th Security Police Squadron, Mountain Home AFB, Idaho on 19 and 20 November 1969.

................. was not the individual who observed the phenomenon. He had been told of the sighting by the person who actually observed the phenomenon, Mr. ................

A character check of the reporters of the incident ....... was deemed appropriate. The below listed personnel of local law enforcement agencies were contacted for this information:
...... Sheriff, Twin Falls County Sheriff's Office, "Negative report".
Mr. Harold Jensen - Sergeant, Twin Falls City Police, "Negative Report".

These personnel were asked to furnish information as to the reported sightings of identical UFO's. Mr. .............. was stated their department had received a report of a sighting on 4 November 1969 and that he had conducted an investigation into this reporting. He stated seeing strange lights in the foothills south of Twin Falls. Mr. ............... claimed these lights were so bright, it hurt his eyes to look at them.

Throughout this investigation the persons interviewed were questioned regarding sightings of additional UFO's. The investigator received numerous vague accounts of unidentified lights seen in the Twin Falls, Idaho area. These sights and names of observers could not be furnished therefore no further investigation could be conducted into these sightings.

While talking to Mr. ............. he stated his mother had observed a bright light in the night sky which she thought might have been a UFO, but she was not certain.