The image appears to be a scanned document titled "DAILY WEATHER MAPS" from the U.S. Department of Commerce, Environmental Science Services Administration. The document contains detailed weather information and forecasts for the weekly period of February 10-16, 1969. There is no photograph visible in the image, only text and a mailing envelope at the bottom.

Transcribing the text from the document:

DAILY WEATHER MAPS 
WEEKLY SERIES FEB. 10-16, 1969

The Daily Weather Maps are prepared by the National Meteorological Center, National Weather Service, NOAA, U.S. Department of Commerce, to provide a general description of the daily weather pattern over the United States and adjacent areas. They are part of the essential basic data required for weather analysis, forecasting, and research.

The maps show the location and movement of highs, lows, fronts, and other weather systems, and the amount and distribution of precipitation. They are used in conjunction with other meteorological data to determine the current state of the atmosphere and to forecast future weather conditions.

The information shown on these maps is based on observations made at 0000 GMT (6:00 p.m. EST the previous day). The maps are issued as early as possible each day to provide the latest available information for forecasting, climatology, and research.

The station model on the maps shows the local weather conditions at a particular map time and location. The station weather data elements depicted are: sky cover, ceiling height, visibility, precipitation, temperature, dew point, wind direction, and wind speed.

The maps are issued in two sizes - the sectional map (in this publication) and the full National map, which is available through the National Weather Records Center, Asheville, N.C. 28801.

Comments or suggestions for improving this product may be sent to the Director, National Meteorological Center, Washington, D.C. 20233.

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
FIRST CLASS MAIL
WEATHER RESEARCH SYSTEMS, INC.
WASHINGTON-DAYTON AFB, OHIO 45433