The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

MEMO FOR RECORD
SUBJECT: 13 Feb 1969 Sighting (DELETED)
1. On 13 Feb 1969, Mr. (DELETED) reported an object he was observing. He stated while he was talking to us, the object rose about 1500 feet then
2. Cpt Jones called Sulpher Grove to see if there were any balloons launched around 1230-1315, and they (Sulpher Grove) said they had none of course since that would mean the object could have been a balloon. As Cpt Jones said if the balloon could have been over the area where the observer was, the winds would probably have been in that area because the winds were from the N-NE direction.
3. Sgt Jones then called Mr (on base) and spoke with him. Sgt Jones relayed the information to Mr (on base) and Mr (on base) said that it sounded to him like it could very well have been some type of aircraft sighting. Mr (on base) told him that there were very definitely could have been an object like the one described based on the information they were getting. He said their position was no more than turning to examine #5.
4. PAA called "DPY" (USO) back to report a Cessna 337 on a photo mission at the same time the object was sighted. They were taking photos, then coming back down. The Cessna was operating within the radius of where the object was seen, but the plane did not have a strong light on which could have been sighted from the ground. The conclusion of the PAA and the Cessna pilot was that the Cessna
aircraft doing work in the area could not have been the object sighted.
5. Lt Marino and Sgt Jones then went out to investigate. Later they returned and said they had interviewed (DELETED) and he indicated that the object was definitely not any known aircraft. It was maneuvering in a way that could not be duplicated by any known aircraft.

There was a short note about a white flashing light used in aircaraft. Could be visible in daylight.