The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force UFO reporting form.

OCR Output:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form c
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
INSTAATT CONSTANTLY
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
YES NO 
(If YES, go to item 16.    If NO, go to item 17.)
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
YES NO
(If YES, go to item 17.   If NO, go to item 17.)
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound BIGHT BLUB, BEDD, ORANGE, BLUE, REO
b. Size LARGE
18. We wish to secure the angular size. Hold a match stick or pen's length in line with the known object and note how much of the stick is covered by the width of the object. If you held  (pen) before the object, how much of the pen's width does the object cover? (Answer in degrees)
25T
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can. Be  as accurate as possible. Please do not make a more rapid sketch. Please make accurate sketch showing details.
[Handwritten signature]
DIFFERENT
COLORS AS 
NOTED
20. Do you think you can estimate: 
If you answered YES, then:
21. Do you think you can estimat the distance? 
If you answered YES, then tell what:
22. Where were you located when you observed the object(s)?
a. In a car, truck or other vehicle 
b. At home
c. At work (office, factory, etc.)
d. In a field, woods or open country
e. Other (specify)
23. Did you observe the object(s):
a. Daylight
b. Dusk
c. Night
d. Twilight
24. If you were MOVING IN A VEHICLE 21. What direction of travel?
24.2 How fast were you moving? (Speed)
24.3 Did you stop car for any reason?
(Circle One)
25. Did you observe the object(s) through:
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass
26. In order that you can give us more details, when possible, tell us:
a. Your location at the time of observation.