The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

19. Was the object -
a. Self-luminous
b. Dull finish
c. Reflecting

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Yes, slowly

20. Tell me the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead
b. Dime
c. Nickel
d. Half dollar
e. Silver dollar
f. Orange
g. Grapefruit

Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? The noise it made as it accelerated up and moved away.
22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time you noticed the object(s)? I was in the yard and went to investigate the unusual noise.
23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? Over the trees and houses still low.
24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a pistol or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. Same speed as a jet.
25. How long did you observe the object(s)? About 1 minute.
26. Please attach any photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, etc. if available that would help substantiate your report. No photographs available.
27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? 500 feet.
28. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing the position of the object(s) in relation to any house, street, roads, etc. within a mile. Map included.
29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing the direction from which the object(s) approached and the direction and distance of travel or disappearance. Map included.
30. Is there an airport, military, government or research installation in the area? Unknown.
31. Was there any other object of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, if possible) or any other background information, or any other data that can substantiate the report. We will return the material to you.
33. Were you interviewed by Air Force Investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the names and details of the agents, his office, and whether or not they mentioned the questioning or investigation.
34. Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please explain.

35. Date of filling out this report: 2/16/69