Based on the image provided, there does not appear to be any photograph or image present. The image shows a page from a document titled "SIGHTING OF UFO AND IT'S SOUND by Roman K. Lupton 1-17-69", which contains text describing the author's experience of witnessing a strange sound and an object moving in the sky.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

I was asleep from approximately 10:30 PM of January 16, 1969 until 3:24 AM January 17, 1969. At that time I was awakened by an unusual sound. This sound was similar to the hum of an electric motor or a transformer that was in the process of going bad. This sound was changing at an even rate very loud to normal or a little lower then back to loud. This noise was changing at a constant rate as far as my ears could tell. I said, "What in the world is that noise?" I asked my wife can you hear that noise? She replied "yes".

I went to the bedroom window, lifted a venetian blind slot and looked in the direction of the sound for a few seconds before it came into sight (at 75° angle). As it came in view it was in view direction in front of the window and at a fairly high angle 30°. I asked my wife to come and look but the noise outside and my back being toward her must have kept her from hearing me since she did not get up to look out of the window.

I watched this object with lights all around the bottom move slowly forward with an up and down motion which was also slow. 25 mph varying not more than 25 feet up and down. It went forward over a yard light in my neighbors yard next door, a little further forward and started in a banking left turn with the same speed and motion as before. At this point the object seemed to tilt and turn instead of changing elevation except for the banking motion it was the same as it had been previously appearing to remain in the same rhythm. At this time as it was turning, the blinking light was the clearest and possibly could have been the first time I saw it. I'm not sure but it remained in a blinking state until the object was out of sight.