There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

had observed strange lights in the sky the week prior to this investigation. As these sightings appeared to have been the most recent reported, a complete investigation was conducted. The INVESTIGATOR CONCERNING THIS WITNESS IN THE TWIN FALLS, IDAHO SIGHTING:

Mrs. [redacted] is a housewife, living on a small farm in a rural farming community approximately twelve (12) miles southwest of Twin Falls, Idaho. She lives with her husband and one (1) daughter. She appears to be a normal, well-adjusted reliable person. She was intelligent and trained as a former school teacher. At no time was it indicated that the family indulged in intoxicants of any kind. She did not appear to be dramatic about what she had seen nor did she appear to be completely disinterested. She stated that the thought it was something the Air Force was doing which she had no need to know about.  She further explained that she realized the Air Force conducted a lot of tests that were not made public and that she accepted this as being necessary. Neither she nor her daughter living with them were interviewed.

[Redacted] lives in the same rural farming community approximately four (4) miles from Mrs. [redacted]. He lives with his wife and two (2) small children. They appear to be normal, well-adjusted, hard working people. There was no indication that the family indulged in intoxicants of any kind.

FINDINGS BY THE INVESTIGATOR:

The area where they live is generally flat land, broken by low ridges and void of heavy vegetation. This land is used as grazing land for some small farms in the area. Recently, farmers in this area have been plagued with the use of hay crops and one-buildings due to mysterious fires. The general feeling in the area is that a predominant has been the cause of these fires. Many farmers and families have been maintaining night vigilance over their property. This explains why [redacted] was looking out the window of her house at the time.