The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document titled "Official U.S. Air Force UFO form cc" which contains various questions and handwritten responses related to a UFO sighting.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form cc

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes. It faded away and moved away rapidly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes. It moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
Yes. In front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None b. Color: White

18. Was this the singular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the match stick is covered up. Indicate by circle drawn around the appropriate line measurement how large the object appeared to be.
[Drawing showing a circle around "Matchstick 3/4 covered"]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the subject or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can. Give your estimate of the size, altitude, distance, and speed of the object if possible.
[Handwritten sketch of an object with some additional notes.]

20. Do you think you can estimate the size of the object? If you answered YES, then what?
[Circle One] Larger than a car Smaller than a car

21. Do you think you can estimate the distance to the object? If you answered YES, then what? 
[Circle One] Closer than 3 miles Further than 3 miles

22. Where were you located when you first noticed the object?
[Circle One] Inside a building In the air On the ground

23. If you were MOVING IN AN AIRCRAFT, what direction were you?
a. North
b. South
c. East
d. West

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AIRCRAFT, what direction were you moving?
a. North
b. South
c. East 
d. West

25. Did you observe the object continuously from the time you first saw it until it disappeared?
a. Yes
b. No, it was out of sight part of the time
c. Windshield 
d. Window glass

26. In order that you can give us as much detail as possible, where else would you like to add anything?
Describing [???] 3 x 30