The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project Blue Book document providing daily weather maps for the week of September 8-14, 1969.

OCR OUTPUT:
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE/Environmental Science Services Administration/Environmental Data Service

DAILY WEATHER MAPS

WEEKLY SERIES: SEPTEMBER 8-14, 1969

The charts in this publication are a continuation of the weather maps published by the Weather Bureau publication, "Daily Weather Map". The purpose is to provide a historical continuity of the surface map charts from the 1500-mb (60,000-foot) constant pressure charts and to provide a surface analysis. These charts have not been reproduced from the same negatives used in the Daily Weather Map publication, but have been specially prepared from the station data available at the National Meteorological Center, Weather Bureau, U.S. Department of Commerce.

The Surface Weather Map presents a synoptic chart of the analyzed surface pattern over the contiguous United States and adjacent coastal waters. The tracks of well-defined pressure systems, frontal positions, and areas of precipitation are indicated by conventional symbols. The isobars are drawn at 4-mb intervals, and values of pressure at the centers of highs and lows are indicated. The Surface Weather Map also shows the 500-mb height contours, which are indicative of the upper-air pattern.

The 500-mb Height Contour Map presents a synoptic chart of the 500-mb (18,000-foot) constant pressure surface over the contiguous United States and adjacent areas. The heights of the 500-mb surface, in tens of feet, are contoured at 60-foot intervals. This chart provides a graphic representation of the major wind flow patterns in the middle troposphere.

The Surface Weather Map and the 500-mb Height Contour Map are normally published as part of the Daily Weather Map series. Copies may be obtained from the Environmental Data Service, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Public Information Section, C51, 325 Broadway, Boulder, Colorado 80302. Price: $0.30 per weekly series.