The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book and UFO sightings.

Unidentified Object
To do Investigation

Air Space Law of the
Location Area - This report
deals with objects appearing in
the air over the site of the
Billings, Oklahoma "UFO" case of 22 March 1963. The object was reported to this office by
CHARLIE BILLUPS, former administrator of the Billings.
Oklahoma Vocational Technical Institute. The report was
received on 27 January 1969 and reads as follows:

The CHP related that at about 11:00 AM on 22 March 1963,
he was driving north on U.S. Highway 281 about 3 miles north
of Billings, Oklahoma. The weather was clear and visibility
was good. He stated that as he approached a slight rise in the
highway just north of town, he saw an object in the air to his
right which he described as round or disc-shaped and silver in
color. He said it appeared to be hovering and that it was
approximately 100 to 150 feet in diameter. The object was at
an estimated altitude of about 500 feet. The witness described
the object as having a metallic appearance and stated that it
remained stationary for about 3 to 5 minutes before beginning
to move slowly to the northwest. As the object moved away, it
appeared to ascend gradually. The witness stated that as it
moved away, it had a "wavering" or "fluttering" motion. He
said that as the object moved away, a vapor trail or condensation trail was visible behind it. The duration of the sighting
was approximately 10 minutes.
The CHP said he had never seen anything like it before.
He attempted to maintain visual contact with the object as long
as possible, but eventually lost sight of it due to the distance
and terrain. He said he was convinced the object was not an
aircraft, helicopter or any known type of flying vehicle. He
stated that it was definitely not a weather balloon, since the
wind was from the south at the time and the object moved in a
northwest direction.