There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the NICAP (National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena) Mass Subscom Report dated 1969-10-7.

The text in the document is as follows:

NICAP MASS SUBSCOM Report
1969-27/14 October 1969 (Cont'd)

In the event others may have reported this objeet to the police or to news for Boston, I passed the following pleces:

Shirley Police Dept. - No reports noted on blotter.
(617/425-2577)

Harvard Police Dept. - No reports noted on blotter. Said that sometimes there are low-flying crop-dusting aircraft over local nights orcharda but that they fly only in the daylight hours.

Littleton Police Dept. - No reports noted on blotter.
(617/486-3142)

Fort Devens - I talked to various Base Operations personnel who told me that they had received no UFO reports and that no aircraft from their base were airborne at that time. They did state that sometimes during daylight hours a helicopter operating out of Albany, New York will run a low-level check on power-lines there.

Although I am tempted toward a probable-aircraft classification, the over-all data seems to rule this out. The sighting impression is taken at face value. I phoned and questioned Mr. Westover at the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena very closely and his reaction to the witness statements was extremely investigative. He said he had gone through the motions of trying to identify it with something conventional, and found that to be impossible. The witness, according to him, is sober, solid and reliable.

My evaluation is that this "sighting" should be classified as a low-weight unknown. Its presence over "lighted" powering construction is noteworthy although perhaps only accidental. The witness is considered highly reliable and has a background in constructing as well as building a report supervisory position. (See Data Sheets.)

Respectfully submitted,
Signed
Raymond E. Fowler, Chairman