The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report describing a UFO sighting.

January 17, 1969

Dear Gentlemen:

I would like to report a sighting to you that occurred on the night of January 17, 1969 at 11:30 p.m. as I was sitting in front of my house observing this constant 3223 when from the south came a bright ball that appeared to be about 2/3 the size of a football field and was traveling at an extremely fast rate of speed. It passed over my house at about a 60 degree angle, brightly illuminating the surrounding area and moving towards the northwest at the same speed. When it reached a point about a half block down the street from my house it suddenly stopped and hovered in the same spot for about 2 minutes. 

The object was oval in shape and appeared to be revolving slowly. It was a color that I would describe as somewhere between white and silver. After remaining motionless for about 2 minutes, the object began moving again, this time at a much slower rate of speed, and headed back in the direction from which it had come. As it approached the initial point where I had first spotted it, the object suddenly flashed brightly and then disappeared. The total sighting lasted for about 3 minutes.

About half a block down the street from my house are some woods and a clearing. There are no houses in this area, and the object hovered over the clearing. From its position, it seemed to be about 100 yards from my house. It appeared to be about the size of a football field and from my estimate was approximately 75 feet off the ground. While the object was hovering, it looked like it was pulsating and giving off a sort of mist or fog. 

I reported this sighting to the Air Force and the local police. After examining the area the following day, they found nothing unusual. I did not see any other aircraft in the area at the time, and there were no sounds associated with the object. This is the first time I have ever witnessed anything like this, and I am quite sure of what I saw.

I would appreciate it if you could provide me with any information or an explanation of this sighting.

Sincerely,