The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the page is handwritten and typed.

ARMY LETTER
27 MARCH 1950
1950
REPORT OF AERIAL PHENOMENON
VERY SMALL
52 to 54
6 to 32
GRAPHIC
JERARCIC
MILITARY ATTIC FORM 37/3
(2 JUN 23)

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY
Office of the I.G. 0.S. G-2
Port San Houston, Texas
000.9 ACADD-I 24 March 1950
SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Phenomena
TO: Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTENTION: IGCT
The following report(s) re unidentified aerial phenomena observed at Little Rock, Arkansas on date and time indicated. Forwarded for your information.

OBSERVER DATE TIME
Mr. 17 March 1950 1630
Adams Field
Little Rock, Arkansas
Exhibit referred to in inclosure has been withdrawn.

As stated.
JOHN K. JONES
I.G. S. G-2

ANALYSIS DIVISION FILE
FILE NUMBER
INITIALS DATE

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a detailed account of an unidentified aerial object observed on March 12, 1950 near Adams Field in Little Rock, Arkansas.

UNCLASSIFIED
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS
1. Date of observation 12 Mar 1950 date of interview 20 March 1950
2. Exact time of observation (local) 1630
3. Place of observation: Adams Field, Little Rock, Arkansas
(Map coordinates) 34 degrees, 44 minutes - 92 degrees, 15 minutes.
4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location or - give details)
500 Feet in air in plane reported to be
5. What attracted attention to objects: Watching for other aircraft when preparing to land.
6. Number of objects and sketch of formation of group: 6 to 18
7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or fist at arm's length): Unknown, because of distance.
8. Color of object: Black or dark against setting sun
9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object): Round or octagonal (first appeared to be large planes when turned from perspective of B-18).
10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead): 30° angle of elevation from zero.
11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from north): 300°
12. Distance from observer (distance to town, bldg, etc.): 5 miles over which object disappeared.
13. Direction of flight of object(s): First observed flying southeast, then turned to southwest.
14. Time in sight: Approximately 2 minutes.
15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Unknown.
16. Sound and odor: None
17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.): None
18. Luminosity (Visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of brilliance): No reflection.
19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.): None
20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. sketch flight path): Sudden turn from southeast to southwest at 90°.
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

This page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document does not contain any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION (Cont'd) 
21. Manner of disappearance: Made turn in plane and lost sight of objects when were blocked view.
22. Effect on clouds: None
23. Additional information concerning object: Objects were silhouetted
24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: CAVU - Clear
25. Name and address of observer: Mr. *, Little Rock, Arkansas Field, Occupation and hobbies: Flight Operations (Hobby: flying)
Comments of interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer: Observer is 50 years old; has one year college education; has been flying for 20 years; has about 20,000 flying hours; is honest and reliable man. Did observe good reputations; appears to be sane and careful observer. Objects viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material?
No, objects were seen by observer. Objects were viewed through a binocular or telescope.
** According to three persons who have known him for some years, and work at Adams Field.

UNCLASSIFIED
RESTRICTED

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document titled "GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION (COSMIC)" regarding radar sightings.

GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION (COSMIC)
Relative to Radar Sightings
1. Re Radars now operating on ground
a. Observations of direction, range, speed, altitude and size of targets:
b. Did target execute any turns? If so, what angle (180 degrees), etc. And what radius of turn. If possible, how long did the target stay in the turn and what was its speed.
c. Note particularly any separation of distant target into several targets upon approach. 
d. Was radar bip on cathode ray tube well defined and consistent with size of object? Faint, fading, pulsating at regular rate?
e. Did radar echo signal disappear suddenly or gradually?
2. If airborne, when object was sighted:
a. Were there any radar indications or extra noises on radio circuits?
b. Give estimates of size, speed, maneuvers, etc. 
GENERAL
1. Teletype sequences of local weather conditions: See attached
2. Winds aloft report: See attached
a. Adiabatic chart for period in question: See attached
3. Local flight schedules of commercial, private, and military aircraft flying in vicinity at the time: (Check Canadian activity as close to border.) No commercial planes were scheduled for take off or in area over time object was observed to land, without alarm. Field having a flight schedule on them.

UNCLASSIFIED
(RESTRICTED)

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

RESTRICTED UNCLASSIFIED
5.	If object contacted earth, obtain soil samples within and without depression of soil where object landed for purpose of making comparisons. Not applicable
6.	Obtain photographs (or original negatives) where available; if not, secure sketches of:
	a.	Object None
	b.	Surrounding terrain where object was observed Objects were 10 - 15 miles away - exact terrain unknown
	c.	Place where object contacted earth (if this happened) Not applicable
	d.	Maneuver Object made a 90° turn from southeast to south
	e.	Formation (if more than two) Objects were not sure of formation.
7.	Secure signed statements.
8.	Obtain fragments or physical evidence where possible. Not applicable.

No. 5, page (cont'd) 
The following information was obtained from the Operations Officer, 153rd Fighter Squadron, Adams Field (Ark National Guard): 
(1) At 15:19 hours, 17 March 1950, a "cigar-shaped" plane, AF No. 5946, arrived from Waco, Texas, which is southwest of Adams Field.
(2) At 15:25 hours, 17 March 1950, a second "cigar-shaped" plane, AF No. 5947, arrived from Waco, Texas, which is southwest of Adams Field.
(3) At 15:45 hours, 17 March 1950, a third "cigar-shaped" plane, AF No. 5948, arrived from Waco, Texas, which is southwest of Adams Field.
(4) At 15:19 hours, 17 March 1950, a "C-45" plane No. AF 5885, took off from Adams Field, Ark and flew southeast.

NOTE: Mr. Little, the student pilot, Bradford Air Service, Adams Field, Ark, stated in the interview on 30 March 1950, that he saw the objects, he estimated them to be tanks or a refueling operation, but was not sure what they were, and
manager Andrews chances are right, but it has been long enough for anything. The objects never landed and he was not attempting to land the plane, and had his hands full.
Mr. Little, the student pilot, Bradford Air Service, Adams Field, Ark, stated in the interview on 20 March 1950, that he could honestly say he saw the play of the objects Mr. Andrews claimed to be landing the plane at the time.

RESTRICTED UNCLASSIFIED

- page 6 -

