PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
31 July 50 0205Z/61

LOCATION
St John's, Newfoundland

2. SOURCE
K Military

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (METEOR)

3. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

Evaluated as a meteor observation.

4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Seconds

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was travelling very fast. It moved in a straight line and I watched it for about 10 seconds. It was dark and all I could see was the light portion. It appeared as a small round light, very bright, but made no reflection on the clouds. No sound. Object broke into two distinct pieces and each became a dull colored light, then they disappeared. When it broke, the pieces kept going for a short distance on the level before they dropped slightly and went out without leaving sparks or any other trace.

5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

6. COURSE
West

7. PHOTOS
□ Yes
X No

8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
X No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)

Previous edition of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATION

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT                                                   18 August 1950

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft sighted in vicinity St. John's
          Newfoundland, 31 July 1950 by

TO:      Commander
          Military Air Transport Service
          Washington 25, D. C.
          ATTN: Office of Special Investigation

1. Synopsis:

Shortly after 2200 hours on 31 July 1950 an unidentifiable
object was sighted travelling in a westerly direction over the
vicinity of St. John's, Newfoundland. No details of the object
were visible and it appeared as a bright greenish light under the
overcast. It seemed to break into two distinct pieces each of
which became a dull colored light and then to disappear.

2. Details:

Base was questioned, and stated, that at 2205 hours 31 July 1950, I
was in front of Building 808 driving Southwest along the roadway on
Pepperrell AFB. At the intersection of Snelling Avenue and Cabot
Avenue. We turned East and as we turned we looked South and saw a
moving green light under the overcast. I stopped the car and saw
the object going from east to west. It was travelling very fast.
It moved in a straight line and I watched it for about 10 seconds.
It was dark and all I could see was the light portion. It appeared
as a small round light, very bright, but made no reflection on the
clouds. I distinguished no sounds, as I watched it broke into two
distinct pieces and each became a dull colored light, then they dis-
appeared, when 15 broke, the pieces kept going for a short distance
on the level before they dropped slightly and went out without leav-
ing sparks or any other visible trace.

Auditor General Department, USAF
was questioned, and stated, at approximately 2200 hours 31 July '50,
I was in my room in the BOQ looking out of the window toward Signal
Hill which overlooks St. John's, Nfld. I saw an object which ap-
peared in all details to be a comet going from East to West on a
track south of my position. It was impossible to determine the
distance to the object or its size. It appeared as a burning ob-
ject with a long wake. I watched it for several seconds, after

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
AF622591
HQ51-1843   6657


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Subject: Unconventional Aircraft sighted in vicinity St. John's Newfoundland, 31 July 1950

which it appeared to split into two portions and dissipate before any angle of descent was noticed. It broke up in mid-air much in the manner of a disintegrating comet. I first noticed it at approximately a 45° angle to my left and it crossed before me and diametrically at approximately a 45° angle to my right. My window faces magnetic South.

[Name redacted], Pepperrell Air Force Base was questioned and stated at 2206 local time, 31 July 1950, that he and I left the NCO Club following the sidewalk that runs along the north side of the NCO Club. We were facing in a westerly direction. Upon coming to the end of the club building, he called my attention to a flame that could be seen in the air. No object was discernible. The general direction of travel was Northwest. The estimated altitude was between 3 to 6 thousand feet. Approximate distance from the NCO Club put object, would say, over the west end of Cabot Lake. The object appeared from the general direction of Cabot Tower and seemed to disappear near the top of Kanawa Hill. In my opinion, the burning charge was of a rocket type. The flame was of a bluish color changing to a reddish-orange at the tail of the flame. At one point the flame seemed to renew itself as though fresh charge had been set off. It is possible that the object could have passed behind a sound cloud.

The weather at the time of sighting was good. There were some stratus clouds to the west and some loud clouds overhead. Cloud coverage was about 3/10. Stars were visible. The object was not travelling at a great rate of speed. The object was seen for no longer than 16 seconds.

Constable [name redacted] of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police were questioned and made statements substantially the same as that of [name redacted].

CARL M. SWENSON
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Air Inspector

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 3 -

HEADQUARTERS
NEWFOUNDLAND BASE COMMAND
PEPPERRELL AIR FORCE BASE
APO 862, c/o POSTMASTER, N.Y., N.Y.

IN REPLY
REFER TO: 535.8

UNCLASSIFIED
10/OSI/MWJ/ma
AUG 19 1950

SUBJECT: Transmittal Report of Investigation
WFC/OSI 24-185

TO: Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Transmitted herewith is OSI report of investigation 24-185 for your information and disposition.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL,

[Signature]

1 Incl
OSI Report 24-185
(2 copies)

M. H. HOLBROOK
Major, USAF
Adjutant, General

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATION

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

FILE NO.    24-185
DATE         17 August 1950

REPORT MADE BY    S/A Ralph O. Robillard
REPORT MADE AT    Pepperrell AFB, Newfoundland

TITLE           UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT
                31 July 1950, St. John's, Nfld.
                Captain N/A

PERIOD          1 August to 16 August 1950
OFFICE OF ORIGIN    D. O. #4
STATUS          R.U.C.

CHARACTER       Special Inquiry--Unconventional Aircraft

REFERENCE       AFCSI Letter 108

SYNOPSIS
Shortly after 2200 hours on 31 July 1950 an unidentifiable object was sighted travelling in a westerly direction over the vicinity of St. John's, Newfoundland. No details of the object were visible and it appeared as a bright greenish light under the overcast. It seemed to break into two distinct pieces each of which became a dull colored light and then to disappear.

DETAILS:
[Partially redacted text] MACS Pepperrell Air Force Base was questioned, stated at 2205 hours 31 July '50, I was in front of Building 806 driving Southwest along roadway on Pepperrell AFB. At the intersection of Snelling Avenue and Cabot Avenue, we turned East and as we looked South and saw a moving green light under the overcast. I stopped the car and saw the object going from east to west. It was travelling very fast. It moved in a straight line and I watched it for about 10 seconds. It was dark and all I could see was the light portion. It appeared as a small round light, very bright, but made no reflection on the clouds. I distinguished no sounds, as I watched it broke into two distinct pieces and each became a dull colored light, then they disappeared. When it broke, the pieces kept going for a short distance and the level dropped slightly and went out without leaving sparks or any other visible trace.

[Partially redacted text] Auditor General Department, USAF was questioned, and stated, at approximately 2200 hours 31 July '50, I was in my room in the BOQ looking out of the window toward Signal Hill which overlooks St. John's, Nfld.

DISTRIBUTION:
CG AMC         - 2
HQ MATS        - 2
OSI            - 2
CO PEPPERRELL  - 2
File           - 2

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO
Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

APPROVED
CARL M. SWENSON
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Air Inspector

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 5 -

UNCLASSIFIED

I saw an object which appeared in all details to be a comet going from East to West on a track south of my position. It was impossible to determine the distance to the object or its size. It appeared as a burning object with a long wake. I watched it for several seconds, after which it appeared to split into two portions and dissipate before my angle of descent was noted. It broke up much in the manner of a disintegrating comet. I first noticed it at approximately a 45° angle to my left and it crossed before me and disintegrated at approximately a 45° angle to my right. My window faces magnetic North.

Pepperrell Air Force Base was questioned and stated at 2205 local time, 31 July 1950, Sgt M.S. Woodman and I left the NCO Club. We followed the sidewalk that runs along the north side of the NCO Club. We were facing in a westerly direction. Upon coming to the end of the club building, Sgt. Riedemann called my attention to a flame that could be seen in the air. No object was discernable. The general direction of travel was Northwest. The estimated altitude was between 5 to 5 thousand feet. Approximately distance from the NCO Club at right angle, I would say, over the west end of Quid Vidi Lake. The object appeared from the general direction of Cabot Tower and seemed to disappear near the top of Knaws Hills.

In my opinion, the burning charge was of a rocket type. The flame was of a bluish color changing to a reddish orange at the tail of the flame. At one point the flame seemed to fade out as though it were burned out, then the flame seemed to reappear as though charged had been set off. It is possible that the object could have passed behind a small cloud. The weather at the time of sighting was good. There were some strata clouds to the west and some small clouds overhead. Cloud coverage was about 3/10. Stars were visible. The object was not travelling at a great rate of speed. The object was seen for no longer than 15 seconds.

[Partially obscured text about R.C.M.P. statements]

STATUS: Referred Upon Completion to Office of Origin.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 6 -

Information Only (No Case)
Course: CSI

August, 1950
Tucson, Arizona

TUCSON, ARIZONA SIGHTING AUGUST, 1950

"About 9:30 p.m. a strange object suddenly appeared, and seemed to be heading directly for our house. We had been looking up into the sky, but did not see this object until it was almost upon us. We sprung up, expecting it to pass over our house, but instead, it stopped almost directly over us, so that we were looking at the bottom of it. It hung motionless for perhaps a second, then very deliberately turned and we watched it disappear over the mountain about 2 miles away. The object was low, as compared to stars, etc., or even a high-flying plane. It all happened quickly, but I have always had the feeling that there was no sound of any kind.

As it approached us it gave the appearance of a small flock of birds, in perfect formation, surrounded by light. As it hung over us -- we were looking at the bottom of the thing -- it gave the appearance of a group of pontoons or perhaps tanks. Because we were under it, those were dark, and we could distinguish merely the shape of them, which was longer than wide. I can't be positive that there were nine, but they were in rows of three each, and there seemed to be more than six. These things were underneath and completely dark, but whatever was above them was well lighted.

The light seemed to shine out from all sides of the top part, but we could not see what was within the light. The dark, pontoon-like objects seemed to be rigidly fixed, because they all turned in unison as it moved away.

As it moved away, and we were no longer under it, and could no longer see the dark objects, it appeared as a round ball of light. The light was bright, but not with the hard brilliance of an ordinary electric light. It seemed to emanate from the top and sides in a softer, glowing light. As it moved away from us and sailed over the mountain it looked like a softly glowing ball." MBS.


- page 7 -

