The image appears to contain a document with text, but there is no photograph present. The text can be extracted as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
2.  LOCATION
Montpellier, Vermont
10. CONCLUSION
Other (Reflection)
Since objects and associated with the A/C in the area, it is probable that they were reflections from this A/C.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The objects consisted of balls breaking through Cirrus clouds through which they were passing. Sighting 350 degrees elevation, 170 degrees azimuth. Two objects in formation with the A/C. This is probably the B-36 type that the witness reported.

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a page from a Project Blue Book report on unidentified flying objects. There is no photograph or image visible on this page, only text.

OCR Text Output:

USA-MA-VS                              AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Unidentified Flying Objects
Intelligence Division, Hq Aaty
Washington 25, D. C. 
23 March 1950

Reference: Lt. USAF

A. C. Love, lst Lt., USAF
Observations on several sightings of unidentified flying objects forwarded by various USAF Flight Service Center units. The sightings were all in the US and occurred during March 1950.

APPROVED:

Joseph F. Carroll
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence 
Division

Montpellier, Vermont: On 22 March 1950 various observers reported three or four vapor trails spotted in the sky. The observers stated that he saw an aircraft at high altitude. Three or four vapor trails were noted in the plane's wake. Mr. stated that he saw the aircraft apparently emitting two objects which appeared to be flying in formation with the aircraft. Gossi said that the objects appeared to break up during flight.

The color of the objects was white and they were on 330 degree headings. No estimate of their speed was given. No photographs or sketches were made of the objects; no contrails nor sound were noted.

The original setting by Mr. who was contacted by Montpellier Service Center, Middletown, Pennsylvania was 13.35E. The time of observation was 25,000 feet scattered clouds, visible at 25 miles.

Bantam Lake, Connecticut had a modified B-29 (AP 791) on a 3 hour test hop at approximately 15,000 en route Lake Waramaug and Lake George and was at an altitude of 25,000 feet. It is possible that this was what gave the impression of flying objects in the immediate vicinity of the aircraft.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

- page 2 -

