ATIC NO. -----
AP HO. -----
REPORT NO. -----
DATE OF REPORT... 24 July 1950
TIME OF REPORT... Betw 2300 & 2400
SHAPE... Round
SIZE... 200' diameter
COUNTRY... -----
NO. IN CREW... -----

Location: Spartanburg, S.C.
SOURCE... Civilian Couple
COLOR... -----
SPEED... -----
ALTITUDE... 2000'
LENGTH OF TIME... 12 min. 3 min.
TYPE OF OBSERVA... -----

REMARKS: Object reappeared three times surrounded by mist or smoke. The first and second passes were in the same spot while the third was lower to the right of the original position.

(Partially obscured text at bottom appears to be related to ATIC Form 389)


- page 1 -

UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY
FORT McPHERSON, GEORGIA

AMCIG-5 360.55                                                27 July 1950

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft

TO:     Commanding General
        Air Material Command
        Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
        Dayton, Ohio

        Attention: MCI (Control No. A-1917)

        Enclosed herewith is report re flying object seen near
        Spartanburg, South Carolina, 22 July 1950.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

[Signature]
        JOHN MEADE
        Colonel, GSC
        AC of S, G-2

1 Incl
Rpt dtd 24 July 50
re "Flying Thing"

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YRS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

[Various handwritten notes and markings]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

McCullough at Random
Flying Something Seen Saturday

They hesitated to use the words
"flying saucer," but Vernon
Gwynn, and his wife saw it early Sunday morning that
they saw something "white" looking a drive-in movie Saturday
night. And the
occupants in the
next auto saw
"it" too.

Their description of the object in the sky
is that it was a
huge alive thing,
elongated but
generally in the
shape of a great
white cloud, round it and
gradually disappearing as they watched.

VISION was supported
by a control-tower operator at
Marion Airport who told The
Journal that several persons had
been sighted from there. Speculation was that it possibly could be
a plane, but nobody was sure.

EVEN THE Communists are
laughing at some of the Communist propaganda efforts. INS reports: "The Voice of America has
been making fun in its characteristic manner at Moscow attempts to convince Soviet people that Americans dropped potato bugs on Communists."

Now it is reported that the
Communist potato bug propaganda has been more effective in Czechoslovakia than it has been in other places.

Clipping from The Spartanburg Journal,
dated 24 July 1950. (Afternoon Edition)
Spartanburg, South Carolina

Reporter S-es
Flying 'Thing'
Vernon Gwynn, a Spartanburg
Journal reporter, today turned in
a story of a "flying thing" he
unexpectedly while attending
a show Saturday night at the
Starlite Drive-in Theater on the
Ashville Highway with his wife.

"It was about a 'flying something' that appeared in the sky
near the theater 3 times within an
hour.

Mr. Gwynn described the
"thing" this way:
"I noticed a formation that was drifting in the
opposite direction of the other
clouds. This cloud was very low
and individualist. I called Betty's attention to it and asked her if she
noticed anything peculiar about it. She said she did and drew my
invite shape which was rounded on
the bottom and fairly flat.

"Since we wanted others to be
able to corroborate our story I got
out of the car and asked 2 fellows
in the next car to 'look up there
in the sky' and see what we saw."
By the time they looked the 'something' was gone.

"The second time I saw the cloud

forming in the same place, apparently out of the clear sky. The fellows in the car, Betty and Gwynn,
had the shape form in the center of
the 'cloud.' After about 2 or 3
minutes the shape disappeared
again.

"About 20 minutes later all of
us again saw the shape only this
time it was very clearly defined and
had changed position. We think
the mist or cloud came from within the shape. It is very hard to
estimate size or distance at night
less than a mile from us and between one and 2,000 feet in altitude.

"The color of the rounded bottom was about the same as a reflected fire on a silver or white
cloud. The shape seemed to estimate to be larger than any dirigible
that we have ever seen.

"During the 3 different times we
saw 'it', for a period of probably 8
or 10 minutes over an hours time,
we discussed it and asked each
other if we could describe or describe it. We are convinced that
we saw what other people say are
'Flying Saucers.'"

Clipping from The Spartanburg Herald,
Spartanburg, S. C., dated 24 July 1950.
(Morning Edition)


- page 3 -

SUBJECT: "FLYING THING"                                UNCLASSIFIED

TO:   Chief, Sec & Inv Br                 FROM:  PAO#9, Spartanburg, S.C.     24 July 1950
       116th CIC Det
       Ft McPherson, Ga.

On 24 July 1950, Mr. [redacted], Reporter, Spartanburg Herald Journal, Spartanburg, S.C. was interviewed in regards to a "FLYING THING" that was reported seen by him Saturday night, 22 July 1950, near Spartanburg, S.C. Mr. [redacted] and his wife, Gwynne, were at the Star Light Drive In Theater, which is located North West of Spartanburg, approximately 5 miles from the city limits on the Asheville, N.C. highway. They were attending the last show, which started at approximately 2300 hours. They had been sitting in their car watching the picture for only a short while when Mr. [redacted] noticed an object in the sky which was round, had a bright surface as if a light was being reflected off it and was an estimated two thousand (2000) feet in the air. Mr. [redacted] stated that he showed the object to his wife and they both watched it for approximately 2 minutes before Mr. [redacted] got out of his automobile and went to the car that parked next to them to show the object to 2 men occupants of that car.

By that time the object had disappeared; however, only a few minutes later the object appeared again in the same place. (Mr. [redacted] kept tract of the object's location by sighting from a light pole which the object appeared the first and second time just at the top of the pole and a little to the right) and was observed by Mr. [redacted], his wife and the two occupants of the other car for approximately 3 minutes before the object disappeared again. The object appeared a third time a few minutes later and that time it had moved and was considerably lower and a little more to the right of the position that it was observed the first and second time. Mr. [redacted] stated that the third time the object appeared, the bottom, which was round and the shape of a saucer, was very brightly illuminated as if the light from a big forest fire was being reflected from a bright surface suspended in the air. Mr. [redacted] stated that each time the object appeared it was surrounded by a mist or smoke, which he does not believe was a cloud as the sky was clear and the stars could be seen shining clearly beyond the object on all sides. Mr. [redacted] said that he could as near as he could determine the object did not move while it was visible to him and that it appeared the first and second time in the same spot. The third time it appeared it had moved and was considerably lower and to the right of the position it was seen before. Mr. [redacted] stated that it was difficult to estimate its size and altitude, but it appeared to him that the bottom surface of the object was about two hundred (200) feet in diameter, was about 2,000 feet altitude and was approximately 1200 yards from where he was observing it. Mr. [redacted] stated that he did not know what the object was, but that he had never seen anything like it before and that

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 4 -

UNCLASSIFIED

be, his wife, and the other 2 observers all agreed that its structural appearance, its behavior in the air and its tremendous size eliminated the being any alternate known by the 4 of them, or that it could be a planet and that it was surely not an illusion as it was seen very distinctly by all 4 observers and a discussion as to what it was and how to describe it later went on for approximately an hour after it had disappeared the last time. No one stated that he did not try to bring the object to anyone else's attention, other than the two men in the car next to him, the first and second time the object appeared because it was not clearly visible and he thought it was possibly a planet.

The third time it appeared it was so large and looked so near that his wife was very frightened and he and the other 2 men observers agreed that it would be best not bring it to the attention of the others as they were afraid that it would cause mass hysteria. Mr. stated that he was so excited over seeing the object that he did not get the names of the other 2 men observers and did not know where to locate them. As far as he knows, no one else at the drive in theater saw the object, however, a control tower operator, name unknown, at the Spartanburg Air Port reported the next morning, as having observed a similar object as Mr. observed and at approximately the same time. Mr. does not wish to commit himself and say that the object was definitely something out of the ordinary, but he believes that he saw what other people have described as Flying Saucers. (B-2)

On 24 July 1950, Mr. Control Tower Operator, Memorial Airport, Spartanburg, S.C., was interviewed and stated that he was on duty in the control tower on Saturday night 22 July until 2400 hours and that he did not see anything out of the ordinary that night and did not report having seen anything. Mr. stated that he saw the article in the newspaper about Mr. seeing the object, but he did not know who at the air port could have seen the object, unless it was Mr., also a control tower operator, who relieved Mr. at 2400 hours that night. Mr. stated that Mr. was off duty until 1800 hours, Thursday 27 July 1950 and is believed to be in Atlanta, G., at the present. (B-2)

REX H. AVERY, 82nd CIC Detachment

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 5 -

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: L. A. Times

25 July 1950
Los Angeles, California

FLYING SAUCER
SEEN BY TWO
VENICE YOUTHS

What was described as a flying saucer was seen over Venice at 2:30 yesterday by Jack Leisher and Paul Clark. They first noticed it, they said, hovering above Washington and Lincoln Blvds.

"We just happened to be driving home," said Jack, 16, of 453 Rialto Ave., Venice.

"It seemed to be about 1000 feet high," said Jack. "We started chasing it but it suddenly took off fast, going south. It left a bluish streak about 100 yards long."

The youths described the object as grayish in color.

L.A. TIMES
26 July 1950


- page 6 -

