Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

ATIC NO.
A/C NO.
REPORT NO.
DATE OF REPORT
TIME OF REPORTING Early Afternoon
SHAPE
COURSE
NO. IN GROUP 1
BOUND
PHOTOS
Temporary ATIC Form 329
(2 Jan 52)

DATE OF INFO 19 Sept 1950
LOCATION POPLAR BLUFF, MO.
SOURCE N G pilot & others (newspaper rpt)
DATE IN TO ATIC
COLOR
SPEED
ALTITUDE
LENGTH OF TIME Sighted
TYPE OF OBSERVATION Aerial
MANEUVERS
REMARKS: Pilot flew toward object in F-51 and reported he was sure object was some kind of weather balloon.

BALLOON


- page 1 -

UNCL ASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY
FORT McPHERSON, GEORGIA

AJAC1-5 560.55                                                22 September 1950

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft

TO:    Commanding General
        Air Materiel Command
        Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
        Dayton, Ohio

        Attention: MCI (Control No. A-1917)

Enclosed herewith is newspaper clipping from the PRESS-SCIMITAR, Memphis, Tennessee, 19 September 1950, re unusual object in the sky.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL.

[Signature] JOHN MEADS
            Colonel, GSC
            AG of S, G-2

1 Incl:
As stated above

[Additional handwritten notes on the side of the document]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

Pilot Views Flying Saucer
And Calls It a Balloon
Hovered Over Poplar Bluff for 5 Hours
Yesterday 'Like Silver Marble'

Flying Bluff's "flying saucer," Memphis for fuel, also looking before going on its destination, Lt. Don Hortner, of Memphis, was supposed to believe Lt. Haverty, but hadn't arrived when the first pilot left. Hortner could not be reached today.

Residents of the area reported as seeing the saucer were:

Various residents of Poplar Bluff described their aerial mystery watcher as looking like a "transparent balloon" which seemed to hang together. "It was translucent and seemed to have a bottom," and a sphere with lavender colored edges, a "bright gold center and a red dot."

First sighted in the early afternoon, the object hung around until visible after Poplar Bluff Airport manager James Neel and Lt. Haverty arrived.

At first Lt. Haverty said 8,000 feet. Haverty said "I went down to 3,000 feet because I didn't want to run into the thing." He said the ground guided the lights past. Haverty later started climbing toward it. He reached about 6,000 feet before he circled the base of the object.

It didn't appear to be any nearer than at 3,000 feet, Lt. Haverty said. "But I was 10 to 15 miles from over the Malden, Mo. airport, where I first saw it, looking something hanging from the sky."

Lt. Haverty headed for home when his gas began to run out. At 6:30 p.m. he was still puzzled.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

From (Coded): Intelligence Division, Hq MATS Andrews AFB, Washington 25, D.C.

Report No.: DI-252-50

Page: 3 of 3 Pages

"6. Pilot emphasized that it was possible there was no connection between the object and the lights seen after dark."

Signed:
PERCY M SUTTON
Captain, USAF

Downgraded at 3 year interval
Declassified after 12 years
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE (CONFIRMATION ONLY)                                        20 September 1950
SOURCE: New York World Telegram and Sun                             Kentucky, Tennessee Area

Meteor Blast
In Sky Rocks
2-State Area

NASHVILLE, Sept. 20 (AP)—
    A meteor flashed through
the sky to the west of here
early today and apparently
exploded in the air, jarring
an area from Paducah, Ky.,
to Memphis, Tenn.

    The Illinois Central Railroad
dispatcher in Paducah said reports from all along his line to
Memphis told of an explosion.

    He said a railroad streetman
at Cayton, Tenn., 50 miles
north of Memphis, told of seeing
a ball of fire in the sky settling
large and larger, then exploded
in.

    At Memphis, 220 miles southwest of the city, one radio car
reported the meteor his in
vicinity of Hatchie bottoms,
semi-swamp area between Memphis and the Mississippi River
base, about 20 miles away. This
report was not confirmed.

REPORTS SKY FLASH.

    A report of the sky flash was
given in Memphis by American
Airlines Capt. H. J. Carman, of
Dallas, Tex. Carman had just
landed a DC-6 with 81 passengers
from Washington.

    "We sighted that thing some 50
miles east of Nashville," Carman
said.

    "I was flying at 18,000 feet
and it looked as though it came
right across our nose.

    "I tell you, I never saw such
a brilliant flash of light before.
No, it wasn't a clear day. It
seemed to be burning with an
orange-red color," Carman said.
    "I can't say for sure whether it
burned out in the air or hit the
ground. I've seen hundreds and
hundreds of meteors, but this
was the most brilliant I've seen."

    The CAA operator at the Nashville airport said it, the sky
"bright as day" and the "fireball" blazed between the field and the
city, only five miles away.

September 20, the same year, was a big day for meteors. At 11:45 a.m. a giant fireball (AMS aged) roared over southeastern Illinois from north to south, leaving a luminous train visible in five states and illuminating the sky and countryside from St. Louis to Louisville and from Memphis to Knoxville. The final detonation, over western Kentucky, was heard over an area 1000 miles square and shook buildings from Paducah to Memphis. Fragments showered farms over a twenty-five mile area, struck buildings, and penetrated one roof. About fifty pounds of meteorites dropped in Murray, Calloway County, Kentucky, and are now in the Smithsonian Institution in Washington.

Meteors in the Records

The American Meteoritic Society, whose members specialize in the study of meteors and meteorites, for years have collected reports of such phenomena. From a large enough number of good descriptions of a given meteor, astronomers can analyze the data mathematically and determine the meteor's radiant—the point in the heavens from which it seems to come. The meteor is then identified by its radiant and given an AMS number. The data were published in Meteoritics, the journal of the society, and thus made available for future research.


- page 5 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Intelligence Division, HQ MATS
Andrews AF Base, Washington, D.C.

The Commanding Officer, Maxwell Flight Service Center, Maxwell AF Base, Alabama, has forwarded the following report of an unidentified aerial object sighted in Missouri on 19 September 1950:

"a. At 1630C, [19 September 1950] Malden Radio was advised by telephone that an unidentified object had been sighted over Poplar Bluff, Missouri. At approximately 1640C, Malden Radio had the object in sight. A Tennessee National Guard F-51 from Memphis was dispatched to the scene at 1645C. Malden Radio directed the F-51 to the approximate location of the object. The pilot sighted the object, but was unable to reach it at his ceiling of 30,000 feet. A second F-51, NG 45-1152, was dispatched at 1800. This F-51 climbed to the vicinity of the first aircraft over Malden, and there also sighted the object. The first aircraft then withdrew from the area, the unidentified object being over New Madrid, Missouri, at that time. The pilot of the second F-51 was able to climb to 40,000 feet, but was still unable to attain the altitude of the unidentified object, and was unable even to estimate how far the object was above him. This pilot stated the object appeared to be a very large pilot cloud or a silver line. There was neither fire nor lights, not was there exhaust. In shape it appeared to be between spherical and elliptical. At about 1900C the object was lost from sight. Remaining in the area of the sighting, the pilot of the second aircraft reported to approximately 1918C he observed a set of green and white lights above him, moving at a very high rate of speed. The green light was reported in the front and the white light in the rear, in the same manner as on USAF aircraft. These lights appeared to move in bursts of speed in a northerly direction toward St. Louis.

"b. Weather at the time: Cirrus haze at 30,000 feet, lower scattered stratus.

"c. Witnesses: Pilot of NG 45-1147, Haverty, James, 1st Lt, 155 ANG Squadron, Tennessee. Address unknown. Pilot of NG 45-1152, Soefker, Donald L., 1st Lt, 155 ANG Squadron, Tennessee, RFD #1, Box 1131, Raleigh, Tennessee. Occupation: Mechanical engineer.

"d. Photographs of object not available.

"e. No sketch available.

"f. Object sighted:
(1) Number: One.
(2) Shape: Egg shaped to spherical shaped.
(3) Size: Unable to establish size by comparison with anything.
(4) Color: Silver to silver grey.
(5) Speed: Hovered or was stationary, lights moved at a terrific rate of speed.
(6) Heading: Northerly toward St. Louis.
(7) Maneuverability: Stationary, lights moved in a straight line.
(8) Altitude: Unable to estimate, but very definitely above 40,000 feet.
(9) Sound: No sound.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS


- page 6 -

