The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a U.S. Air Force report on unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

ATIC NO.: - - -
AP NO.: - - -
REPORT NO.: - - -
DATE OF REPORT: 20 Sept 1950
LOCATION: Denver, Colo.
SOURCE: USAF Pilots & A/C observer
DATE IN TO ATIC: - - -
COLOR: Brilliant white to orange-red
SPEED: 550-700 mph
ALTITUDE: 8000' approx
LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED: 10-30 sec
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Aerial
MANEUVERS: Changes in Speed, Altitude, Looked like landing light which emitted a string of bright sparks that "burned out"

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" from the Air Force's Project Blue Book, dated 29 September 1950.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Sighting of Unidentified Flying Objects, Colorado, USA
Denver, Colorado, USA
29 September 1950
From: M. R. Britton, Captain, USAF
To: Commanding Officer, Lowry Flight Service Center, Lowry AF Base, Denver, Colorado

The Commanding Officer, Lowry Flight Service Center, Lowry AF Base, Denver, Colorado, reports the sighting of unidentified flying objects in the vicinity of Arapaho and Jefferson, Colorado, on the night of 28 September 1950 between 1900 and 2000 hours. The objects were described as being circular in shape and approximately 45-50 feet in diameter. The objects maneuvered at high speed and made turns at a sharp angle. The objects were observed for approximately 30 minutes, during which time they remained stationary at times.

Enclosed is a signed statement concerning the sighting, made by USAF officers at the time of the observation. There is additional information in relation to the unidentified flying object sighting. Apparent confirmation of the sighting is furnished by the included reports of fourteen persons also having observed flying objects.

APPROVED:
ROBERT M. SUTTON
Captain, USAF

WILLIAM L. TRAVIS
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Division

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that describes various sightings of meteors and meteorites. The text discusses reports from the American Meteorites Society about sightings of meteors and meteorites over a wide geographic area, including sightings from Illinois to Louisiana and from Colorado to New Mexico, during 1952 and 1953. The text provides details about the characteristics and behaviors of these celestial objects as observed and reported.

Meteors in the Records

The American Meteorites Society, whose members specialize in the study of meteors and meteorites, for years have collected reports of such phenomena. From a large enough number of these reports, astronomers have derived data descriptive of a given meteor, astronomers and meteorologists having become familiar with the meteors radiant--the point in the heavens from which it seems to come. The meteor is then identified by its radiant and given an AMS number. The data were published in accredited scientific journals, and thus made available for future research.

September 28, the same year, was a big day for meteors. At O'Fallon (AMS 2560) raced over southeastern Illinois from north to south, leaving a luminous train visible in five states and illuminating the sky and countryside from St. Louis to Louisville and from Memphis to Knoxville. The final detonation, over western Kentucky, was heard over an area 100 miles square, fragments showered farms over a twenty-five mile area, struck five buildings, and measured one roof. About fifty pounds of meteorites dropped in Murray, Calloway County, Kentucky, and are now in the Smithsonian Institution in Washington. That same night about 4.5 P.M., fireballs were reported by law enforcement officers in Idaho, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, Arizona, and New Mexico (2, 3, 314). Similar fireballs that vanished without trace were reported on September 28, 1952 (AMS 2331): October 4, 1953 (AMS 2339); May 8, 1954; and October 27, 1954 (AMS 2327).

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

Transcribing the text from the image:

The following is a reoort of T/Sgt. Robert L, Stevens, U.S.A.A.F., Lowry Flight Service Center, Lowry Air Force Base, Denver, Colorado:

On 22 September 1950 at approximatley 1800 hours, I observed an unidentified flying object in the sky over Denver, Colorado. The object, which appeared to be circular in shape, was hovering at an altitude estimated to be between 8,000 and 10,000 feet. The color of the object was described as a phosphorescent white. The object remained in the same area for approximately 7 to 10 minutes, then suddenly accelerated and disappeared at a high rate of speed. No sound was heard from the object.

Capt. McFadden, Flight Officer Hanson, of United Air Lines, Denver, Colorado, also observed the same object at the same time and location. Capt. McFadden estimated the size of the object to be approximately 25 to 30 feet in diameter.

The incident was reported to the 2600 Observation Squadron, Denver, Colorado. However, no further information or investigation was conducted by the Air Force.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT SEEN ON 28 SEP 60

Sighting of a very bright light about 1 1/2 times size of full moon. Object appeared to be hovering and pulsating. It was observed for over 40 minutes. Three witnesses saw the object which made a definite westerly movement, then returned to its original position. The witnesses could not identify the object. It appeared to be higher than jet aircraft observed in the area at the time. The object was observed to be at a constant elevation and not coming closer or going further away. It was reported to the Air Force Intelligence Officer at Lowry AFB, who stated the Air Force had no information on this particular object.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten text.

ROBERT W. HALLETT'S
SEP 15 1950
PILOT, U.S.A.F.
DENVER, COLO.

Regarding the object, the witness states: "The object appeared to be about 500-600 feet away from me in the sky. It appeared to be round or oval in shape and was traveling at a very rapid speed. I would estimate its size to be about 30-40 feet in diameter. It gave off a brilliant light that seemed to light up the surrounding area quite brightly. As it passed overhead, it gave off a burst of speed and seemed to pick up great speed. I have never seen anything like it before. There was no sound from the object. It did not appear to be an aircraft or fire balloon. This is the first time I have ever seen anything like this before. I would not take an oath that this brilliant light was not an aircraft, but I do not believe it was. It certainly was not an aircraft or fire balloon that I am familiar with."

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report. The text on the page appears to be a detailed written account or description of a UFO sighting or incident.

21 Septint., 1950
28 Septerabor 1950 the WITNESS CLOVER Al, FORCE DAIX uiU t.ER 9 COIt.MAOINS OFF,?CR AT DENVER COI,0RADO 
The objective of this operation is to determine the cause of the observation of an unknown aerial object at approximately 2:55 Alii, Septeaber 28, 1950, as reported by tho witness, Clover, an Air Force daily a the Denver, Colorado area. 
The witness reports that he observed the following:
At approx. 2;55 hil, September 28, 1950, while reading in his bed, he noticed a light outside his window. looking out, he observed a brilliant light descending slowly. The object appeared to be circular or spherical in shape, with a brilliant white light in the center, surrounded by three rings of light, the inner one white, the middle one blue, and the outer one red. As the object descended it gave the appearance of rotating. The object appeared to be approximately 30 to 40 feet in 
diameter. 
The object descended to an estimated height of 500 to 1000 feet above the ground and then accelerated rapidly and ascended vertically at a high rate of speed, disappearing from sight within 3 to 4 seconds.
The witness immediately called the Base Operations Office to report the sighting, but the object could not be tracked on radar. 
The witness was considered to be a reliable and credible observer, having had extensive experience in aerial observation. The object was not identified and its nature remains unknown.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document or report from Project Blue Book, with the header "UNCLASSIFIED" and the document number "39762" visible. The text at the bottom of the image states "UNCLASSIFIED DECLASSIFIED AT 3:36.PM INTERNAL ONLY DATE 2/2/75 DOD DIR 5200.10".

89762
UNCLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED AT 3:36.PM INTERNAL ONLY 
DATE 2/2/75
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 8 -

