There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 21 September 50 2/2/50
2. LOCATION Provincetown, Mass.
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 9 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Radar
7. COURSE Varied
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
10. CONCLUSION UNIDENTIFIED
Case is carried as Unidentified.
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
See Case File.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS 
SIGNAL CORPS ENGINEERING LABORATORIES
FORT MONMOUTH, NEW JERSEY

REFER TO:SIGEL-RME-3
PROJECT 3728

SUBJECT: Report of Flying Saucer Sighting

TO: Chief, Engineering and Technical Division
Office of the Chief Signal Officer
Department of the Army
Washington 25, D. C.
Attention: SIGOD-4

The attached report obtained from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Weather Radar Research Group under Contract DA-36-039 SC-32038 with the Signal Corps Engineering Laboratories is forwarded for your information. Particles within the U.S. Air Force Massachusetts Institute of Technology Radar Research Group had been requested to crack this matter as "Restricted, Security Information" in accordance with AR 380-5. IT IS UNDERSTOOD THAT THIS COMMUNICATION CONSTITUTES THE FIRST FORMAL REPORT ON THIS OCCURRENCE.

[Signature]
EDWIN R. PETZING
Brigadier General, USA
Commanding

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an unclassified document related to weather radar research and a UFO sighting incident.

UNCLASSIFIED

Weather Radar Research
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Department of Meteorology

Room 24-520 
3-6784

October 6, 1952

Director 
Evans Signal Laboratory, SGEL
Belmar, New Jersey

Attention: Mr. William B. Gould
Meteorological Branch, Sfe:cs Section

Dear Mr. Gould:

We have finally discovered our records covering the "Flying Saucer" incident of 21 September 1950. The incident came about in the following way:

We had arranged informally with the Air Weather Service group at Otis Field on Cape Cod to track a pair of jet aircraft (F-94's I believe) at 35,000 ft. We were trying to provide them with information on thunderstorm activity and were conducting operational tests of our weather radar.

Field wanted us to do this, and don't in general approve of using our radar systems for operations completely disconnected with our regular line of work. This instance is, I believe, the only time we have had any such arrangement with them.

We had established radio communications with the jet aircraft on our airborne radar. The signals were a steady radar with no 2850 azimuth. As the accompanying plot shows, the F-94's were flying a straight line course at about 250 MPH indicated air speed towards the northeast (3330).

About three minutes after radar contact, we noticed another aircraft's signal which appeared to be flying a closing course with the F-94's. We motioned the F-94 pilots to watch out for the other aircraft which we indicated was closing on them from their first radar contact. But the two signals nearly merged, the "saucer" crossing the track of the F-94's about 1000 ft below them and some light haze above, so that the visibility near their flight level may have been poor.

The "saucer" then carried on a straight towards the northeast, accelerating to a maximum indicated speed of over 700 MPH, the equivalent of a true airspeed of nearly 1000 MPH. This speed was maintained for a long time, perhaps up to 12 minutes, before the target faded from our radar. The signal strength from the two F-94's was approximately two-thirds saturation. The signal from the "saucer" was at full saturation. 

The incident occurred on a clear evening and the "saucer" made no attempt to change course or maneuver, but maintained a straight heading. The pilots of the F-94's confirmed the presence of the unidentified target, and said that they had never seen anything approaching the speed of the "saucer" before.

We have not had any other such arrangement with the Otis Field radar since this instance. I believe this was the only time we have had any such arrangement with them.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book containing text.

Text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

TO: Director, Evans Signal Laboratory, SCRL 	10/6/52

Our best estimate of the speed of the "Saucer" was 22 miles per minute.  For approximately half of this one minute during which we were tracking it, it was circling in its sharp turn.  The acceleration in this sharp turn comes out to 11 or 12 G as well as we can figure it.

We did not detect that the object gave off any light of its own during the day.  Our call from the Weather Officer came about noon on September 12, 1952.  He reported seeing an object which he described as "confidential" as far as any general publicity was concerned.  The following day we had a visit from two men (from the Director of Special Investigations, I believe) and we described to them what we observed essentially as it is described above.  We have not reported this observation to any other group up to this date.

Very truly yours,
WALTER RADAR RESEARCH

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

The image contains a radar plot or graph. There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document.

UNCLASSIFIED
1 SEPT 1950
D950 E
WEATHER RADAR RESEARCH
MIT CAMBRIDGE, MASS.
UNCLASSIFIED
IAS-250 KNOTS

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Disposition Form from the US Air Force related to a Report of Flying Saucer Sighting.

DISPOSITION FORM
FILE NO. 91000-K-1
SUBJECT: Report of Flying Saucer Sighting
TO: Commanding Officer
FROM: CBi60
DATE: 23 Nov 1952
COMMENT NO. 1: Whedon/73909
1. The attached report is forwarded for your information and for forwarding to Air Force Intelligence Agency.
2. It is understood that the Air Force treats this under a high security classification. It is desired that no publicity be given to this incident. In order to maintain security information, this office should be advised in order that appropriate directives may be prepared.
FOR THE CHIEF, ENGINEERING AND TECHNICAL DIVISION:
C. D. FCRR
Lt Col, Sig C
LUTHER E. JOHNSON, Lt Col, Sig C
Chief, Special Projects Branch

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
to: aio technical
intelligence center
wright field, ohio

1. Forwarded

2750-2850 Characteristics of the SCr-615-B radar set frequency range (This data is tabulated on page 104A of tech report electronics radiation Data (No. TR-EL-20-2)).

your advice is requested as to issue raised in paragraph 2 of Comment No. 1.

JOHN V. MILLS, Colonel, SIG C
Commanding

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a classified UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
Ltr, DO MJ Pile No. ID-CST 24-0, dated 9 Oct 50, Subj: Unidentified Aerial Object
2. Incl 1: Lighting and Red Sheet of Drawing on Unidentified Airborne Object.
RPT: Sighting of Unidentified Airborne Object
BY JOSEPH V. CONNELLY

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text describing a "Spot Intelligence Report" about an "Unconventional Aircraft" that was observed on September 29, 1950 near Provincetown, Massachusetts.

Text from the document:

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT
SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft
TO: Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

SYNOPSIS: On 29 September 1950, an unconventional aircraft was observed by the Mass. Institute of Technology Radar Project on Cid September 1950 between 2145 and 2205 hours over the Isle of Shoals. (Evaluation F-2)

DETAILS: On 29 September 1950, Mr. (UNK) Radar Project" (U.S. Signal Corps Associate) of the Mass. Institute of Technology Radar Project, was conducting a contract with the U.S. Army to obtain firsthand information on the fighting of SODA THUNDERSTORM which was carried out on that date. The object was also tracked on the radar screen at approximately 2045 hours on 29 September 1950. This view of the apparent qualifications of the object was deemed as an observer by two other witnesses to obtain firsthand information to REPORT to the fighting of SODA THUNDERSTORM."

The report was provided by JOSEPH V. CONDRON, 1Lt. USAF to whom written detail is contained in Inclosures #1 and #2.

ACTION: In accordance with AFCSI Letter #85, dated 8 Feb 50, no further investigation is being conducted by this District Office.

DOWNGRADED: AT INTERVALS
SPECIAL CLASS III, DID 5200.10

R. S. BOWER
Colonel, USAF
District Commander

- page 9 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET
SUBJECT: Sighting of Unidentified Airborne Object
TO: District Commander, 1st District CEI (CIC) USAF, Westover AFB, Mass.
FROM: Detachment Commander, 3405 AF, Boston CCI Det (CIC), 16 Tremont Street, Boston, Mass.

The text on the document is as follows:

ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET

SUBJECT: Sighting of Unidentified Airborne Object
TO: District Commander, 1st District CEI (CIC) USAF, Westover AFB, Mass. 
FROM: Detachment Commander, 3405 AF, Boston CCI Det (CIC), 16 Tremont Street, Boston, Mass.

1. The research associate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, Mass., was interviewed on 9 October 1950 concerning sightings of unidentified airborne objects on 21 September 1950. He has been with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology as a Research Associate since 1946. His rank with the Air National Guard is that of Major.

2. The following is an extract of a letter written on 27 September 1950 to a Major TUTTLE, Staff Weather Officer, 33rd Fighter Wing, Otis Air Force Base, Mass:
"An exceedingly puzzling event occurred during the 3rd run when the planes were heading northweast at 30,000 feet. (see attached sketch) ... we picked up another plane (?) in the radar and the pilot reported that it was moving swiftly and erratically. It turned about 14° and appeared to be moving away at a terrific speed. The echo disappeared suddenly and then a minute later reappeared just as suddenly, went into a very tight (for the speed) turn to the right, headed back toward us and passed closely over our flight. (the sketch represents this closely). The pilot felt it went under us (perhaps went under). The sketch represents the relative positions of the two planes."

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET
SUBJECT: Sighting of Unidentified Airborne Object
TO: District Commander, 1st District GCI (CG)
FROM: Detachment Commander, Detachment "M"
DATE: 3 Oct 60
COMMENT NO.: (Cont'd)
The text of the document is as follows:

"Chance and taken the risk of losing the flight.
"The whole thing doesn't seem to make sense to me and when you reflect a moment about it. It was very evidently a deliberate interception of some sort on our flight, but what? The turn was utterly fantastic, I don't think the human frame could have done it, but if the object was radio controlled, it had no particular business flying on such courses on island grounds with mountains in the way enough to cramp any ordinary electric circuit. A few points indicate the puzzle that this object must have been entirely unconventional in many and basic respects. Perhaps the thing that bothers me most is that it gave a very good radar echo, which implies irregular confirmed and large size, large enough so the pilots might have had a good chance to see it.

"It seems highly probable that it may be poking into something that is none of my business, but on the other hand, it may be something that the Air Force would like to know about it if it doesn't already. I wish you would take the matter up with your intelligent people in TUTTLE and get their reactions. The whole business seems to me most extraordinary and I would like to know more about it or keep our mouths shut. Until I hear from you we will do the latter.

"Perhaps we could run another mission for the purpose of luring it out again and this time track it, or at least get your pilots good enough for a look-see. Should you never catch it I'm sure.

"There are many more little details which I haven't bothered to include concerning this mysterious scope indications and such.

"Please let me hear from you soon. 

Regards,"

The document also states that the matter was later discussed with TUTTLE by telephone, and that TUTTLE advised him that the matter was being considered confidential and that the Air Defense base would contact him concerning it. It also notes that to date, he has not been approached by anyone from the newspapers.

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

ROOTING AND RECCE SHEET - TASK AIR ERIEL COMMAND

Use this form for inter-unit correspondence within the Task Air Eriel Command.

The entire width of sheet, both sides.

SUBJECT: Sighting of Unidentified Airborne Object

1st District OSI (IG)

Detachment Commander:

advised that the mission referred to in the extract set forth above consisted of two F-86 aircraft flying between Provincetown, Mass. and the Cape Canaveral Proving Grounds. The aircraft were flying at approximately 30,000 feet and were picked up on an SCR 616-B Radar Unit at Bldg. 24 on the Massachusetts Institute of Technology campus. The purpose of this mission was to establish wind velocity and was done as a personal favor for TUTTLE.

The object was sighted and the 1st Lt. both the F-86's and the object had an approximate speed of 1220 miles per hour. The object was sighted at 0952 Eastern Standard Time and was observed to be at an altitude of approximately 40,000 feet. It was apparently much smaller than the F-86's and was flying at 30,000 feet, and it could not be determined on the radar screen.

The object's maneuvers as being a perfect interceptor pass.

1. Object first detected at about point A when F-86's were about a converging course and rapidly overtaking F-86's.

2. Object crossed track of F-86's about two miles ahead of them, about at point B.

3. Object continued out to north, then began a turn to right crossing directly over or under F-86's at C and headed in toward Boston.

CERTAIN FEATURES
1. Crossing point at B was 2 1/2 miles ahead of F-86's.
2. Turn of object was to the right.
3. Object did not go over 39 miles (did not cross 40 mile range marker) from MIT.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a report of an unidentified airborne object sighting.

ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET
AIR ERIEL COMMAND
SUBJECT Sighting of Unidentified Airborne Object
ID-OSI 24-
3 OCT 50
DISTRICT COMMANDER
1ST DISTRICT CIG (IC)
DETACHMENT "Q"
4. Object passed directly over or under F-86's
(echoes merged on both R and PPT scopes).
5. Object was not a hydrometeor of any sort-gave
a steady, solid echo of moderate strength.
UNCERTAIN FACTORS
1. Time between B and C believed to be about one
minute and fifteen seconds (assumed 1 minute).
2. Radius of turn may be somewhat larger or smaller,
but not appreciably.
3. Exact azimuths of points B and C may be ± 10°.*.
* advised that he was in touch with the pilots of the F-86 aircraft
by VHF radio during the period the unidentified object appeared on the radar
scopes, and was later advised by the pilots that they had not seen the object.
The following information pertains to the F-86 aircraft at approximately the
time the unidentified object was sighted:
Run #: Pressure altitude 30,000 ft.
Free Air Temp. = 20°C.
Indicated Air Speed, 250 MPH.
Corrected Air Speed, 420 MPH. 
Time of Run, 537.6 seconds = .149 hr.
Length of Run, 52.5 Miles.
True Ground Speed, 410 MPH.
Compass Course 333°
Magnetic Course 330°
Corrected Course 314°
True Course 329°
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book UFO report.

ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET
AIR BRIEL COMMAND
Unclassified
This sheet is to be used for recording the routing and disposition of papers. It will be prepared in the number of copies required and will accompany the papers through all stages of action.
PROJECT: Sighting of Unidentified Airborne Object
ID-OGI 24-
TO: District Commander Lt. District OSI (IC) FROM: Detachment Commander Detachment "B"
DATE: 3 Oct 50 CONTROL NO. (Cont'd)
The message is from Brookton, Mass., who is an analyst at the Weather Radar Project at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Technicians with the same project, were with the object the time it was sighted and could add nothing to the information furnished by both radar scopes and could verify that they had actually seen the object in the radar scopes and could verify that they had actually seen the object in the radar scopes.
6. The names of the pilots flying the mission were not known.
Advised that they had discussed with TUTTLE the possibility of running a similar mission for the purpose of attempting to get a photographic record. TUTTLE agreed and verified very sincerely his failure to use motion picture cameras that may be operated in conjunction with the radar set.
8. It was apparent to the undersigned that many people at Massachusetts Institute of Technology are familiar with this sighting and, as a result, an account of it may continuously appear in the newspapers.
Incls: Winds Aloft Computation Chart
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 14 -

The image contains a Winds Aloft Computation Chart, which appears to be a graphical representation of atmospheric wind data. The chart shows a polar coordinate graph with concentric circles indicating wind speed, and radial lines indicating wind direction. There are annotations and handwritten notes on the chart, including "CAPE COD".

Here is the text from the document, transcribed using optical character recognition:

WINDS ALOFT COMPUTATION CHART
Pressure Change (in tenths mb.)
Alt 120 26 1950
Grid N G 92315
Surface
Distinct
Directive

3AP ST C, X 10-3
K 3
K 2O, C, X 10-3
E CH C, = C

- page 15 -

