PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20 August 50 20/1320

2. LOCATION
Nicosia Airfield, Cyprus

3. SOURCE
Military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 or 20 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
West

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer saw a small round or elliptical bright object moving from a point directly overhead toward the West, its course or flight path raised through the arc of the sun in which at the time was about 15 deg below the Zenith. The brilliancy of the object in flight did not change even while reflected against the sun as it turned in its somewhat erratic westerly path at a terrific rate of speed until it disappeared from sight in the distance at about thirty deg above the horizon

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Intelligence Division, Hq MATS
Address: AFOIN, Washington 25, D.C.    DI-384-20                Page 1 of 2 Pages

1. The Intelligence Officer, 460nd Air Base Group, Wheelus Field, Tripoli, Libya, reports the following information concerning the observation of an unidentified aerial object by MATS Liaison Officer, at Nicosia.

On 1900, 20 August 1950, while out on the ramp at Nicosia Airfield I overhead an aircraft flying overhead and in looking up to spot it, I saw a small round or elliptical bright object moving from a point directly overhead towards the West. The curve or flight path passed through an arc of about fifteen (15) degrees below the Zenith the brilliancy of the object in flight did not change over this period. It continued in its normal erratic westerly path at a terrific rate of speed until it disappeared from sight in the distance at about thirty (30) degrees above the horizon. I later check with the control tower and ground station West who were also at Nicosia Airfield. C-47 in the area enroute to Beirut and reporting over Nicosia Airport at 1900 hours, 20 August 1950 at 9,500 feet. This unidentified was the aircraft whose engine I heard, though never saw, if there was any sound emanating from the aerial object in question. So far as I know, this was the only bright unidentified object seen and it was the C-47. I obtained a signed statement from who were with me at the time of my observations.

2. Statements made by Colonel [redacted] Observation is essentially confirmed by the following USAF officers also having observed the unidentified aerial object:

a. "At approximately 1930 local time, 20 August 1950, while walking from the MATS Detachment Office, Nicosia Airfield, to my parked C-47 aircraft, preparatory to taking off for Beirut, Turkey, I looked at a bright an aircraft, whose sound indicated it was somewhere overhead.

"While looking for the aircraft, a small, round, bright object suddenly came into view, travelling at a terrific speed, appearing to be quite high, and moving toward the West. It disappeared from view when it reached a point approximately 30 to 35 degrees above the horizon. The weather at the time of this observation was clear, with brilliant sunshine, and visibility at least fifty miles. The object remained in my view for about 15 or 20 seconds. There appeared to be no sound emanating from the unidentified bright object. The sound from the conventional aircraft moved away toward the southeast."

I called the attention of [redacted], USAF, to this phenomenon, and he saw it too.

b. [Partially illegible text]

I was able to verify my existence and saw it for a matter of two to three seconds before it passed from sight.

[Signed]
PERCY E/ SUTTON
Captain, USAF

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

