NO CASE (INFORMATION O-7)
SOURCE: Los Angeles Tim... dtd 12 March 1950                                   10 March 1950
                                                                                Chile

Chilean Navy Reports
7-Inch Flying Saucer
VALPARAISO, March 11 (JP)—
The Chilean Navy's meteorolo-
gical observers at Punta Arenas
reported today its latest observ-
ation of a celestial body resem-
bling the mysterious and be-
loved by the peoples to be a
flying saucer.
Said the report: "A spherical
object body, while to the
naked eye appeared to be an
diameter, crossed the sky in an
easterly direction and then
the body remained in the
sky from 10 to 1 p.m. at an
estimated height of 10,000 feet,
and then disappeared."
Reports and the body was seen
clearly by thousands of persons.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP    Location: San Bernardo, Santiago, Valparaiso, Chile

2. SOURCE               10. CONCLUSION
    Civilian            Astro (VENUS)

3. NUMBER OF OBJECTS    The Director of the Observatory/Astronomy of the University of Chile,
    One                 Prof Rutland, made a statement to the local press that what the
                        people were seeing was the Planet VENUS which is clearly visible thi

4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
    Not Reported

5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
    Ground-Visual

6. COURSE
    SW

7. PHOTOS
    □ Yes
    ■ No

8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
    □ Yes
    ■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Country: Chile
Report No. IR-42-50
AF-415920-L
Subject: Flying Discs
From: Air Attache, Chile
Date of Report: 30 Mar 50
Date of Information: current
Evaluation: F-0
Prepared by: Harry L. Mitchell, Major, USAF
Source: Newspaper reports and personal observations of Air Attache Office personnel.

1. Flying discs are being "seen" in various parts of Chile. First sighting was at Punta Arenas, lat 53°06' S, long 70°53'W on 11 Mar at noon. Many inhabitants of the city witnessed this phenomena which appeared northeast of the city and traveled toward the southwest. Usual description was given—extreme altitude, silver in color, shaped like a ping-pong ball. The Director of the Observatorio Astronomico of the University of Chile, Prof. Federico Rutland, made a statement to the local press that what the people were seeing was the planet Venus which is clearly visible this time of year at that latitude.

2. Second sighting of a disc took place in the Santiago area, San Bernardo and Valparaiso on the 24th and 25th of March with the usual description given by the populace being quoted in the local press.

3. Third sighting of a disc occurred 28 March between 1330 and 1410 over Santiago, Chile. Downtown area was crowded with people looking into the sky observing this phenomenon. M/Sgt. [redacted] assigned to this office as a 502, personally observed an object traveling at an extreme rate of speed and altitude. (See attached statement and diagram)

COMMENT: On 29 March this observer saw a silver colored, stationary object in the same relative position as was witnessed by the local populace the preceding day, and after careful observation concluded it to be the planet Venus and not a flying disc.

Professor Rutland (par 1) repeated his statement to the press today that the object had to be Venus.

Local press has headlined "flying disc" dispatches from all countries reporting sightings.

APPROVED:
HARRY L. MITCHELL
Major, USAF
Assistant Air Attache

JAY P. THOMAS,
Lt Col, USAF
Air Attache

file 503.01


- page 2 -

