The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing some text and data.

Using optical character recognition (OCR) on the text present in the image, the output is as follows:

29/01/50
Dayton - 2:33%z
.25 Mi r Stuttgart, Ark.
Airline pilots and crew
Bright Light Blinking 
1000 mph.
3,000 ft Approx.
25 35 Seconds
Aerial 
UNIDENTIFIED

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. However, it appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official government investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

The text in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
516th TROOP CARRIER WING
MEMPHIS MUNICIPAL AIRPORT
MEMPHIS, TENN.
22 March 1950

SUBJECT: INTERROGATION OF OBSERVER OF
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

TO: DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE
U.S. AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, D.C.

1. Capt. [redacted], a member of the 516th Troop Carrier Wing, was interrogated by the undersigned staff officers of the same organization.

2. Capt. [redacted] was flying as co-pilot of flight no. 53 of Chicago and Southern Airlines which departed from Memphis at 20:55 CST on 20 March 1950. Capt. [redacted] was at the controls of the aircraft conducting VFR (Visual Flight Rules) at an altitude of 6,000 feet, when the first officer observed an unusual visibility which was moving rapidly on a north heading.

3. At 21:26, the Captain of the Airliner, [redacted], Memphis, Tennessee, directed the attention of Capt. [redacted] to an unusual object sighting. [Redacted] was approaching the airliner from the south on a north heading. Capt. [redacted] observed the object as it passed in front of the airliner. This observation took place over Lula, Mississippi, about 50 miles south of Memphis. This object was sighted for approximately 12-15 seconds when the object passed directly in front of the airliner, the distance was not more than 1/2 mile and at an altitude of approximately 1,000 feet higher than the airliner.

4. The object appeared to be circular with a diameter of approximately 40-50 feet. It was considerably less than the diameter of the airliner, giving the object a disk-like shape. The object emitted 3 flashes per second. This light was so brilliant that it would have been impossible to look at it continuously. This light could be seen only when the object was approaching and after it had passed in front of the observer. The bottom side of the object was visible. The bottom side appeared to have a metallic oval or circular port which emitted small blue-green lights. These lights gave a shade of color similar to an aircraft's fluorescent lights. The object was not revolving or spinning and considering the visibility, the distance from the object, the length of time the object was observed, it is the opinion of the observers that the object was not an aircraft or any known aerial vehicle.

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a rough sketch or drawing of an unidentified object, as described in the text. The text mentions that the attached drawing is a rough sketch of the object as drawn by Capt. [redacted].

Text transcription from the document:

was under observation, and Capt. [redacted] experience in observing the object that the object was traveling at least 1000 miles per hour, giving this as a very conservative figure. He could see no signs or indications of exhaust flames, jet or otherwise.

by Capt. [redacted].  The attached drawing is a rough sketch of the object as drawn

For the Commanding Officer -
Richard K. Earley
MAJ. USAF (Res) 
Wing Ground Tr. Officer

Dewey H. Off
MAJ. USAF (Res)
Wing Intelligence Officer

- page 3 -

