PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
11 October 50 12/5102

2. LOCATION
Lark, Utah

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (METEOR)
Evaluated as a meteor observation.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
SW

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer thought object was a meteor, but upon closer observation it appeared to be a rocket or plane of some sort. The object appeared at first as a long, thin line of fire crossing the sky at a terrific rate of speed. This line of fire later widened out and seemed to dip and explode. The front end of the object broke away, and the main body seemed to stay for a time in the sky and then suddenly faded completely out.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)

Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

UNCLASSIF...

24-0                                                                  6 November 1950

SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Object Sighted in Vicinity of Provo River, Utah

TO:    Director of Special Investigations
        Headquarters, USAF
        Washington 25, D. C.                                           AF250213

1. The following information was furnished this office by the 115th CIC Detachment, Intelligence Field Office No. 4, Fort Douglas, Utah:

a. At 1300 hours, 17 October 1950, [redacted], address #1, Freeman Avenue, Bingham, Utah, employed as a compressor operator on the Lark Tunnel, Lark, Utah, telephoned this (the 115th CIC Detachment) office and volunteered the following information:

Night report

(1) On 11 October 1950, at approximately 2210 hours, while working on the Lark Tunnel, [redacted] and a companion, name unknown, sighted what appeared to be a meteor crossing the sky. However, upon closer observation, it appeared to be a rocket or plane of some sort. The object appeared at first as a long, thin line of fire crossing the sky at a terrific rate of speed. This line of fire later widened out and then seemed to dip and explode. The front end of the object broke away, and the main body seemed to stay in the sky and then suddenly faded completely out. [redacted] estimated the object about 40 or 50 miles away from his position - in the vicinity of the Provo River (roughly southwest of Lark, Utah).

(2) [redacted] further stated that the delay in reporting this incident was occasioned by the fact that, although he felt he should report it to someone, he did not know which would be the proper agency to report to. Further information can be obtained from [redacted] at his residence or at his work at the Lark Tunnel. [redacted] is presently working from 1600 to 2400 hours daily except Sundays at Freeman Avenue, Bingham, Utah, as referred to locally as Freeman Gulch.

UNCLASSIF...
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS:
DOD DIR 5200.10


- page 2 -

16 OSI 24-0                                                  6 Nov 50
SUBJ: Unidentified Aerial Object Sighted in Vicinity of Provo River, Utah

2. No investigation of the above matter has been initiated by this office, and the above summary is furnished for your information.

PELHAM R. BURNETT
Captain, USAF
District Commander

REVIEW AT 5 YEAR INTERVAL...
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

2
UNCLASSIFIED


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

early demise will be proved unfounded. A detailed analysis of your article
will be sent later.
MAJOR DONALD E. KEYHOE (Director of NICAP)
Washington, D.C.

(Editor's note: The material for our SAUCER NEWS article was taken entirely
from NICAP publications and bulletin, and was not furnished to us by anyone.
Our brief item about NICAP in Newsletter #8 was sent in by a confidential correspondent, and we, like Keyhoe, hope that it turns out to be untrue. As for
NICAP's financial situation, it is from a quote from a recent issue of Washington D.C.'s "Little Listening Post", NICAP has a membership of over 3,000. According to Keyhoe's statement in his letter on Page 2 of this issue, NICAP has no honorary members, so this means that all of these more than 3,000 people have sent in a minimum of $7.50 each. Thus, an absolute minimum of $22,500 has reached the NICAP treasury in that organization's almost six years of existence - not to mention gifts and donations. SAUCER NEWS has received only a small fraction of that amount in its almost six years of operation, and most saucer clubs have taken in much less money than we have. We do not mean to imply dishonesty of any sort, but in view of the fact that NICAP has not undertaken any of the scientific projects envisioned by Brown, it is not at all clear to us why the financial shortage is so acute. - In our next issue we will be glad to publish the further comments that Major Keyhoe promises in the above letter.)

The failure of NICAP, with its unparalleled influence among "respectable" people, would be a catastrophe that might be irreparable, and I can't see how you can be indifferent to it....
ALEXANDER D. MEBANE
New York, N.Y.

Congratulations on your NICAP article. It is the most sensible thing I have read in SAUCER NEWS in a long time. - When NICAP was first organized, I sent in my name to them as wanting to start a local chapter. I was soon contacted by several crackpots, and was sorry I ever got into the thing....our little group here in Chicago broke off from NICAP several months ago, and when we read in his bulletin that/he was going to sell those "contact" books, that was the last straw as far as I am concerned. I think Major Keyhoe means well, but sure hasn't done the job we expected of him.
RUTH NETHERTON
Chicago, Illinois

You've done it again with your NICAP article. I never thought you'd have the nerve to attack them/bunch, but I see you did it......in my opinion SAUCER NEWS is the only saucer magazine with the guts to say what it wants, without fear or favor....
JOHN KETALWICH
Fresno, California

(Editor's note: Our article should not be construed as an attack on NICAP or on Major Keyhoe, for whom we have a great deal of respect. We are merely trying to offer comments and criticisms concerning some important points we feel the organization has slipped up on.)

ADVERTISEMENTS
FOR SALE: /2 copies each of 9 recent issues of URANUS, England's outstanding saucer magazine. These sets of 9 issues will be sold for $3.00 per set to the first two persons who send for them. Write Dept.S., P.O. Box 165, Fort Lee, N.J.
Subscriber: G. W. Fitch of 6526 Carnegie Ave., Cleveland 3, Ohio, is short #4, 5, 6 and 7 of SAUCER NEWS. Write him directly if you have these for sale.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

6.

THE CASE OF THE CRASHED UFO
- by Bob Barry, News Director of Radio Station WONS, Orleans, N.Y. -

During the week of March 17th, 1958, I received some very important saucer information from one of Orleans' most respected persons, Police Chief George Finger. I know the Chief very well, as I make daily visits to the police station to pick up news-worthy material for my noon broadcast.

During my visit to the station that day, we got into a chat about my UFO Conference which was scheduled for March 20th. In the course of the conversation, Chief Finger asked me if I had ever heard of a certain incident that occurred in Pennsylvania sometime between September of 1949 and January of 1951. It happened that I knew nothing about it. The details were scarce but enough was there to make me want to look into it further. He told me that an object was supposed to have crashed at Coudersport, Emporium, Pa., and that it sheared off the tops of trees. I was also told that the U. S. Army came into the area (a hilly section away from any main roads) with Army trucks. They roped the area off, loaded the object on trucks, and drove away.

That was enough for me I made up my mind to follow this story through. Here at the course of the events that followed, I learned that several people in the area were supposed to have seen the object shortly before it crashed. One of them was a Reserve Officer of the U. S. Army who lived in Emporium and who worked at Sears Roebuck & Co. at the time. He allegedly was told to keep quiet concerning what he saw. The Reserve Officer figured the Army knew what the object was, and he thought the Army truck he saw from Baltimore, Maryland. He allegedly was told to keep quiet concerning what he saw. I learned that the Cameron County Press Independent in Emporium supposedly carried this story.

My next move was to call the editor of that paper, James Klies. I told him of my findings and asked him to check his files to see if he had anything on the story. Mr. Klies told me he would phone me back in a few hours. That same afternoon, I received the reply to my request. The told me that the only thing he had for the period of September 1949 to January 1951 was a report concerning a weather balloon that was found near Keating Summit on Friday October 13th, 1950, by two hunters, Gene Keistner and Clifford Stuckey, both of Keating Summit. He said the balloon had six panels and was covered with aluminum or lead foil. The panels had two small batteries and a light bulb. The equipment was turned over to the Air Force. The balloon was found in the vicinity of Liberty, Pa.

I next called a Mr. Fish, Sr., who is associated with the Coudersport Enterprise. After I informed him of my findings, he told me that he had a vague recollection of the event, but that was all. He gave me the name of the editor of the newspaper at that particular time. He is Walter Taylor, who now works at the Genoa Printing Co., at Genoa, Ohio.

My next contact was with Bert Freed, of Orleans, N. Y., a reporter for the Bradford Era of Bradford, Pa. Bert had been in this vicinity for a good many years and if the Bradford paper carried anything on the story, he would remember it locally. After telling him of my findings, I was informed by him that he could not remember the event. However, he suggested that I contact Katherine Dorfeld of Coudersport, who lived there at the time. Upon calling Mrs. Dorfeld, I learned that she did remember the incident. She said two children found the object at Keating Summit. She also told me that the object was supposed to have had printing on it which said: "Anyone finding this, return it to the U. S. Government!" It is not known if there was an address on it other


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

7.

than the above phase. According to the U.S. Government came to
the area, roped it off, and closed all news sources on the event. Government
trucks moved in, loaded the object up, and whisked it away.

On March 24th, 1956, I wrote a letter to the ex-editor of the
Coudersport weekly newspaper. After I had been over three
weeks, I called him long-distance at Genoa, Ohio. told me that his
wife had just returned from Coudersport. She was visiting friends there, and
also checked on the story, which did appear in the paper at the time.

I lost told me was quite a story, but not similar to the one I had come across.
He said he would get all the facts together and send me the story in about one
week if possible. I am still waiting for his reply.

Through a series of phone calls I picked up the fact that a wit-
ness allegedly heard a noise while working on his farm. He then heard an ex-
plosion and started running to the vicinity of where the noise came from. This
man's name is and at the time lived near Emporium. Since
that time Mr. has moved, and through a friend of his (an
an attorney in Emporium), I obtained his present address. It
race, Point Pleasant Boro, New Jersey. very good friend of
the husband, of whom I neglected to get the first name in my
long-distance telephone conversation with her. told me that
the object was made of metal. Two boys were supposed to have been playing in
the vicinity, and they got to the object before . and allegedly was
told by Government officials or the U.S. Army to be quiet about the story.
(Could be the Reserve Officer who worked at Sears Roebuck & Co. at the
time?)

On March 24th I wrote Mr. a letter confronting him with the
facts I had regarding his part in the story. I told him that I would appreciate a prompt reply, and that I would like the facts I was given
concerning him and the crashed UFO were true or not. After waiting until April
7th, it was quite apparent that I was not going to receive a reply to my letter, I wrote him a second time on that date, and finally received the following answer:

Dear

In so far as my stating this object was metal or any of the so-
called Army suppression is bunk. Most of what you quote me as saying is hearsay. I was in the crowd at Keating Summit, but there were dozens of people
there before and after I left. Go see Cliff Stuckey at the General Store in
Keating Summit. He should be able to give you plenty of information. If I had
anything worthwhile I would be more than glad to give it to you and help you,
but I do not. There is just a chance that I may be in a bad spot as I work for
a firm which is doing a job for the Signal Corps and I may get fired, but that
wouldn't matter should I know anything worthwhile. I do not think you want to
be a boob. I'm sure I do not want that either. Sincerely,

Well, there's the story to date. You will remember that is one of the men who is said to have found a weather balloon on Oct.
13th, 1950. What puzzles me is why didn't straighten me out on what was
supposedly quoted wrong to me by Mrs.Dorfield in regard to the conversation Mr.
and Joe had concerning this object. At the time the
incident occurred, so he must have seen or heard something. He admits he was
in the crowd, so he must have seen or heard something.

If any readers can supply further information of any kind about
this incident, please contact SAUCER NEWS.


- page 6 -

HOW MUCH LIKE US!
- by Justin Case -

In November 1957, the magazine 'This Week' (a supplement to many Sunday newspapers) contained an article called "What Will Invaders from Space Look Like?" by rocket expert Willy Ley.

Mr. Ley gave reasons why he thinks visitors from space will breathe air, set vegetable and animal matter, will weigh not less than 40 nor more than 250 pounds, possess a skull, two eyes, two ears, and hands and feet. "They will probably bear a strong resemblance to the man next door," said Mr. Ley, so that "the chances are you wouldn't even give them a second look."

Furthermore, Mr. Ley said our Milky Way Galaxy has about 30 billion stars or suns, most of which have planets. Our invaders from space will originate from a planet very much like our own Earth.

Therefore, according to Mr. Ley, out of the many billions of planets in our galaxy, containing all possible forms of life, only one form of intelligent life capable of space flight is probable - the human form - so like our own "you wouldn't even give them a second look." And this form of life would come from a planet very much like our own.

Thus Mr. Ley gives much comfort to the writers of saucer contact stories, in which the visitors from space are claimed to look like us. Alien stories give comfort to the Ardent Believers of such stories, who eagerly expect that any strange-looking person they see might be a visitor from space. At the same time Mr. Ley doubted most science-fiction writers, who have depicted invaders from space as having anything but human form.

The better class of science-fiction writers are intelligent, imaginative, and well educated. Much of their science-fiction writing is based on science fact, stretched somewhat, of course, to make their stories more interesting. Consequently, their views are worthy of consideration. So let us see who is more likely to be right, Mr. Ley or the science-fiction writers.

For the answer to this question we consult the science of Biology (the study of life) and one of its branches, the study of Evolution, the process whereby simpler and lower forms of life develop into more complex and higher forms, adapting themselves to changes in their environment during the process. From Biology and Evolution we learn the following:

(1) The variety of vegetable and animal life on our planet seems almost limitless. Many different forms thrive side by side with others in the same surroundings. Anyone who studies even a few square feet of grass, for instance, will be amazed at the variety of life to be found there.

(2) Life is very persistent and tenacious, seemingly impossible conditions. Thus, vegetable and animal life are found everywhere, even in deserts, on mountain tops, under icebergs, and even under ocean bottoms. It is very difficult to kill off, as anyone who has tried to rid his garden of weeds and insect pests can well testify.

(3) In the growth and development of life, nature takes many different paths to accomplish the same result. For instance, consider how some animals protect themselves. The porcupine rolls with its spikes, a turtle withdraws into its shell, a horse fights with its hoofs, a bear with its front claws, a dog with its teeth. Other animals protect themselves only by means of their speed, like the rabbit. Thus evolution is random, though directed toward the same end.

(4) This choice of paths is partly accidental, and if wrong, it leads to extinction. Perhaps that is why many prehistoric animals are now extinct.

(5) Man, the only animal on Earth intelligent enough to develop


- page 7 -

