There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECORD
24/2/50 (J--]

ATIC NO.                                             DATE OF INFO    24 Jan 50
AF NO.                                               LOCATION  Bet. Pope AFB and Bolling Fld.
REPORT NO.                              ---- SOURCH    USAF Pilots

DATE OF REPORT---

DATE IN TO ATIC---

TIME OF SIGHTING------1630-                        COLOR-----

SHAPE       Spheroid ----SPEED-------

SIZE- 200-250' Dia.--                            ALTITUDE 70001

COURSE----                                        LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED  15 Min

NO. IN GROUP------1---- TYPE OF OBSERVATION Aerial

WUND                                                                                         ---NARRATIVE-Horizontal  --- Flight ------Photcs---SKETCHES

 Object resembled oversized parachute with large black object hanging below it.

Temporary ATIC Form
                                                                              (2 Jan 52)
                                                                                     SECTII
```

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft
SPECIAL INQUIRY

8 FEB 1950
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

1. This report pertains to the sighting of an unidentified flying
object, similar in structure to the so-called "Flying Discs," by Captain
G. B. EDWARDS, pilot, Captain THURON C. FEHEYACH, co-pilot, and 1st Lt.
JOHN H. VAN SANTEN, passenger, of C-45 type aircraft en route from Pope
Air Force Base, Fort Bragg, North Carolina to Bolling Air Force Base,
-Washington, D. C.                                " ..
.            .
2. Captain G. B. EDWARDS and Captain THURON C. FEHEYACH were
interviewed on 30 January 1950 in their office, Room 1C 1066, National
Defense Building, Washington, D. C., and gave in substance the following
information concerning the incident:

a. On Tuesday, 24 January 1950, while en route from Pope Air
Force Base, North Carolina, to Bolling Air Force Base, Washington, D.C.,
in C-45 type aircraft No. 7122, Captain THURON C. FEHEYACH was first to
notice the unidentified flying object. FEHEYACH stated that the C-45
was pursuing a course of approximately 260 at 5,000 ft. when his C-45
noticed the object slightly to the left of the course and about 2,000 ft.
higher at a distance of 5 to 10 miles from the C-45. The object was
approximately 7,000 ft. just above the top of the cloud level which was
at.that time approximately 5/10 cloud coverage. It was darker than
the clouds and easy to distinguish as not being a cloud. Then first
noticed the object was pursuing a course between and above two rather
large cloud banks, which were estimated as being two miles apart. The
object moved from the left cloud to the right cloud twice and never at
any time did the object show any radius of turn. It moved to a stop
and proceeded back again with a fine horizontal movement, at no time
varying vertical in an assent or descent motion. At this time Captain
FEHEYACH showed the unconventional aircraft to Captain EDWARDS who
immediately altered his course some 5 degrees and climbed to 7,000 ft.
to be horizontally on the same level as the object. The C-45 pursued
the object at approximately 160 miles per hour with a 20 mile tail wind.
The C-45 at no time could overtake the object and at all times it seemed
to stay between 5 to 10 miles directly in front and at the same level as
the C-45. At this time FEHEYACH had the passenger, Lt. Van SANTEN, view
the object. The object then seemed to disappear in front of their view,
increasing its speed. The entire action thus far reported took approxi-
latest minutesSaiUNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR output of the document as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

After a minute and a half the object was again sighted at the same
distance (5 - 10 miles) at approximately 35 to 45 degrees to the right
of the course pursued by the C-45. The object then came back to a point
Immediately In front of the C-45. Before assuming this course the object
seemed to oscillate to the right and left, a distance seeming to be about
one or one and a half distance of its width. Then assuming the course it
appeared to disappear directly In front of the C-45 by increasing its
speed until it was invisible. The entire Incident took place in approxi-
mately 15 minutes. Captain CHERNAVICH and Captain EDWARDS stated that they
had been airborne some 35 or 40 minutes or approximately 1650 when they
first sighted the object. These two pilot officers further volunteered the
following Information:

(1) The object was clearer when first noticed than at any
time during the following 15 minutes that they could
focus on it. The unconventional aircraft appeared to
be hemispherical or spheroid In shape of approximately
200 to 250 ft. in diameter. The object appeared to be
flat on the bottom, but this Is further explained that
the bottom half of the sphere could have been obscured
due to a black trail which appeared to follow the ob-
ject. This black trail appeared to be three to four
times as long as the object was in diameter precipitating
at the end of the smoke trail. (1-1;' minutes precipitation
rate) At no time during the viewing of the object was it
possible to determine its actual structure. The black
trail was very pronounced at the bottom. As proclaimed
by Captain EDWARDS, the object looked like an oversized
parachute with a large black object hanging below it.
The smoke trail would lag behind the object no matter
which direction it moved.

(2) The atmospheric conditions were as follows:

(a) The free air temperature was 15 to 18 degrees
centigrade.

(b) There was approximately 5/10 cloud coverage.

(c) The visibility was practically unlimited up to
a heavy haze that was pronounced in the vicinity
of the mountains west and south of the course
pursued by the C-45.

(d) The sun was at approximately 220 to 230 degrees
from the lino of flight. .. '.. l.r..--.
haev rad i;sa no tI've. .! front.. ir...assoc a' IV..
In the direction of the sun It appeared to be quite
hazy.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

The OCR text from the document is as follows:

```
(e) No contrail or vapor trail other than the black
smoke was observed.

(3) Tie object maintained a fine smooth movement which
appeared to be capable of speeds from nothing to more
than 300 miles per hour. It moved with and against
the wind at will and could not have been mistaken for
a cloud, meteor or celestial planet. Due to the
speed maintained by the C-45 the object could not
have been some sort of aerostatic lift or it would
have been overtaken.

(4) The only tactics or maneuvers noticed were horizontal
and at one time oscillating.

(5) In reference to the support the object could have,
according to FEHRENBACH, resembled what possibly the
B-35 (the flying wing) would have looked like from
astern at the same distance.

(6) It is noted that Captains EDWARDS and FEHRENBACH insist
that the C-45 was never at any time close enough to
determine the structure, support, propulsion, lights,
sound or actual shape of tbe object.

(7) Captain EDWARDS stated the incident occurred in the
area of Blackstone, Virginia, or approximately 37°
51'-78° 11W.


3. On 31 January 1950 1st Lt. JOHN H. VAN SANTEN was interviewed
regarding his observation of the unconventional aircraft on 24 January
1950. The interview took place in the office of VAN SANTEN, Room 1B 878,
National Defense Building, Washington, D.C. Lt. VAN SANTEN prepared an
unsigned statement concerning his observations. This statement is inserted
as a matter of record into this report and states as follows:

a. On Tuesday, 24 January 1950, I returned to Washington D.C.
from Temporary Duty at Ft Bragg, Fayetteville, North Carolina by catching
a transient Air Force Aircraft (C-45) at Pope Air Force Base Travelling
to Bolling Air Force Base.

After approximately 45 minutes flying time from Pope AFB
while at 5,000 feet altitude and 16.45 hours the co-pilot called my atten-
tion to what at first I assumed to be another aircraft which I could have
estimated to be 40 milss distant. There were no clouds in our immediate
vicinity; and the air was clear, however, over the part of tne Aalappeltaa
i.lountala range to our left front, the direction in which this object was
seen, there were billowy white clouds. The object was over these clouds.
```

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR text extracted from the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

After watching it for several minutes it moved approximately 12 degrees
to the left very rapidly. Then it seemed to be travelling directly 
away from us and disappeared into the clouds. Several minutes later 
it reappeared approximately 30 degrees to the right of the spot where 
it disappeared, although at a seemingly greater distance away from us.
There it stayed while without moving to either side and then I lost 
sight of it. I did not see it again although I kept a sharp watch.
When the object moved it seemed to wiggle slightly although at that dis- 
tance it was barely visible. There was no evidence at any flame.

"I cannot describe it more accurately and will not venture any 
guess as to what it actually was, I would not say it was not another 
aircraft of a new type although it seemed much to large at that distance 
for a conventional type aircraft."

b. In addition to the prepared unsigned statement, Lt. VAN 
SANINEN volunteered the following information: 

(1) The object could not have been a cloud, meteor, 
celestial planet or aerostatic lift.

(2) Estimated the distance between the object and the 
C-45 as 40 miles; with altitude of 5,000 ft. and 
directly horizontal with tho C-45.

(3) Estimated the time in sight to have been 15 minutes.

(4) The appearance of the object was definitely a dark 
sphere shaped solid body with no apparent wings, 
stabilizers or other means of support. The distance 
between the object and the C-45 was too great to deter- 
mine the construction, propulsion or sound. VAN SANINEN 
was quite certain there was no smoke, contrail or vapor 
trail left by the object.

(5) Concerning the tactics or maneuvers VAN SANINEN stated 
that the object was a fine smooth moving craft which 
at all times seemed to horizontally remain at the same 
altitude and was at one instance noted as oscillating, 
and was definitely evasive in that the C-45 could not 
overtake it.

4. It is noted that immediately after the incident Captain EDWARDS
radioed (VHF) Blackstone, Virginia and made inquiry of the control tower 
operator if any report had been made of the unidentified aircraft. Then

UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
```

- page 5 -

The page contains no photograph.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

---

UNC*********

UNCLASSIFIED

informed that there had been no other reports, and when queried, EDWARDS indicated that he did not wish to report the incident through AACS.

5.  In relation to the three officer observers the following information is offered to aid in evaluating the credibility of their statements:

a.  Pilot of C-45 aircraft -

(1) Name of Observer - Captain G. B. Edwards
(2) Address - 755 Bartley Walk, Falls Church, Va.
(3) Occupation - Flying officer
(4) Place of Business - Statistical Control, USAF
                   Rm 1C 1066
                   National Defense Building
                   Washington, D.C.
(5) Pertinent hobbies - Claims flying as a vocation and
avocation.
(6) Ability to determine - This officer has been flying
for several years as a Combat Flying Officer and otherwise, as such, has been accustomed to conventional modes of aviation, climatic conditions and control observations from the air.
(7) Reliability of observer - The past flying experience
and evidence indicating that the observer is not an opportunist or glory hunter substantiates his reliability.
(8) Degree of fatigue and duration of flight time of sight-
ing in cases where observer is airborne. The aircraft had been airborne approximately 40 minutes when the object was sighted. The turbulence was mild and the flying conditions were good. There was no indication that at that time of day should the observer be suffering from some other fatigue. (sleepiness, hangover etc.)

b. Co-Pilot of C-45 aircraft -

(1) Name of Observer - Captain Theron G. Fehrenach
(2) Address - Box 770 Lee Boulevard, Falls Church, Va.
(3) Occupation: Flying Officer
(4) Place of Business - Statistical Control, USAF 
                   Rm 1C 1066, National Defense Bldg. 
                   Washington, D.C.
(5) Pertinent Hobbies - Flying
(6) Ability to determine - This officer has been flying for
several years, as a combat flying officer and otherwise, as such, has been accustomed to conventional modes of aviation, climatic conditions and normal observations from the air.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present on the provided page.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL

UNCLASSIFIED

(7) Reliability of observer - The past flying experience
and evidence indicating that the observer is not an
opportunist or a glory hunter substantiates his relia-
bility.

(8) The degree of fatigue concerning this observer is the

same as indicated for Captain EDWARDS in par 5a(8).

c. The passenger of C-45 aircraft -

(1) Name of Observer - 1st Lt. John H. Van Santen
(2) Address: 1211 N. Pitt, Apt 33, Alexandria, Va.
(3) Occupation - Officer, U. S. Army
(4) Place of Business - Army Courier Service, Rm 1B 678,
National Defense Bldg., Wash., D.C.

(5) Pertinent Hobbies - None
(6) Ability to determine - Has flown at least one week out

of every month for the past year. Receives non-rated
flying pay.

(7) Reliability of observer - This officer is very sincere,
conscientious, and observing.

(8) The degree of fatigue concerning this observer is the
same as indicated for Captain EDWARDS in par 5a(8).

6. The interviewed officers appear to be very sincere and mature.
Each of them seem to have had enough flying hours to be amply trained in
observation and description. It is further noted that the officers, although
cooperative in discussing the incident, were rather reluctant to initiate
the report themselves. This being accredited to recent opinion both pro and
con by various individuals through popular newspapers and magazines. Each
of the three officers, when queried as to whether or not they had read or
were influenced by an article written by KEHOE which appeared in the 28
December 1949 issue of True Magazine, stated that they did not read the
article nor were they influenced by the public opinion of the article.

Special Agent, USAF
UNCLASSIFIED

6
```

- page 7 -

