PROJECT 10073 REC ID CARD

TE: 9 Sept. 1950

LOCATION: Guam (Agana)

DATE-TIME GROUP: Not given
Local: Not given

GMT: Not given

PHOTOS: □ Yes ■ No

SOURCE: Civilian

TYPE OF OBSERVATION: ■ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar □ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: not given

NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1

COURSE: Not given

BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Object observed off shore, circular, flat and about 600 or 1000 feet wide. It was about 300 ft above the water. Source states he saw port holes in the object emitting blue gas.

COMMENTS:
After a careful check it was found that nothing unusual had been sighted by any radar unit, person or other source in that vicinity at that time. An object so large would have been noticed by many and corroborated by radar.

CONCLUSIONS: (Various checkboxes, none marked)

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

UNCLASSIFIED

24-185-23-18                                                                MAY 13 1958
AFCSI-60/Capt Olsen/tlw/8896

MEMORANDUM FOR ASSISTANT CHIEF OF STAFF, INTELLIGENCE, USAF

SUBJECT: Transmittal of Information

1. Transmitted is information considered of interest to your office. The inclosure is for your retention.

2. Remarks - This Directorate has no previous information on BENNETT.

1 Incl
Itr FBI, Dallas, 27 Mar 58
w/1 Incl

[Signature]
L.M. MOORE, Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Sabotage and Espionage Branch
Counterintelligence Division
Directorate of Special Investigations
The Inspector General

UPON WITHDRAWAL OF THE INCLOSURES,
THE CLASSIFICATION ON THIS CORRESPONDENCE WILL BE CANCELED.

SFP 5-0
Guam

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

Federal Bureau of Investigation
United States Department of Justice
12th Floor, 1114 Commerce
Dallas 2, Texas
March 27, 1958

Lt. Col. John W. Parnell
District Commander
Office of Special Investigations
Carswell Air Force Base
Fort Worth, Texas

RE: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT OVER
GUAM, September, 1950:
DAVID HUGH BENNETT - INFORMANT

Dear Colonel Parnell:

By letter dated January 24, 1958, advised he had some information he desired to report. Upon being contacted, he advised an agent of this office that in September, 1950 near Agana, Guam, he observed an unidentified flying object off the shore of that island. He stated it was circular, flat, and about 600 or 1000 feet wide. It appeared to be about half a mile from shore and was about 300 feet above the surface of the water. He stated that a white cloud covered part of the object and he saw open portholes in the object, from which blue gas was coming out. He stated he does not know whether the cloud was already there or whether the gas was formed from the flying object.

Sketch was drawn up on March 13, 1958, while awaiting interview with the FBI representative.

The above-mentioned sketch is enclosed herewith for your information.

He stated he returned to Dallas in July, 1950, without reporting this incident. In about 1952, he wrote to the Air Technical Intelligence Command at an air base in Ohio, name not recalled, but he never heard from his communication. About two years ago he again wrote to that agency but heard nothing.

[Handwritten note at bottom of page]

[Signature at bottom left]

Encl: 1


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

May 18 - 62

Mr. President -

I feel that if I were questioned - by competent scientists I could give more information on the two kinds of unknown space craft that I have sighted.

I am also willing to do anything that might advance our space effort.

My life expectancy is not very long and times awasin

Sincerely
[Redacted name]
Dallas
Texas

There is also a NASA Mail Sec. stamp dated MAY 24 1962 on the document.


- page 4 -

Lt. Col. John W. Farrell
March 27, 1950
Page 2

During the interview, [redacted] mentioned that he is ill and that doctors have told him that "about 75 percent of his vitality" is now gone. Interested to learn that he is three-fourths dead. He further commented that he is under the impression that people are constantly "picking" him.

The Dallas office has no additional identifying data concerning Bennett.

The above is furnished for your information.

Very truly yours,

R. L. BOYLE
Special Agent in Charge

Enclosure

[Handwritten note at bottom of page, partially illegible]
* Does this imply that he was told to keep @ [rest of note is difficult to read clearly]

-2-


- page 5 -

Form O-86
UNCLASSIFIED

Subj: UFO Rept Submitted by FBI - M.

To: DNPS-3
Attn: Maj. Tucker,

From: AKIN-9E

1. The following finding and conclusions of this letter are submitted to assist you - preparing a reply either to the FBI or directly to source:

a. A UFO report of any UFO as unnamed credible object from Guam for any day in September 1950; picked back home from deployment on October of that year.

b. The object 600-1000 feet in diameter, would entirely have been noticed by many of the units on ground; entirely have been picked up by radar. No other reports.

c. Although Air Force command was on the island, we question. The reason why was stated two years later reporting the matter to the Air Force, and again (now) eight years later.

d. These files do not indicate any correspondence or report under indefinite scene.

e. Based on many earlier reports and cases, we are of the opinion that SOURCE is somewhat of a geographic (site report apt: "some station here", "inference" "three-quarter due".) and with strong suggestion of being a publicity seeker.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

found over the Pacific, numerous sights have been received
from that area. It is possible that source may have cleared
a new form known as "Identification - site cameras", with the
alleged sighty reputation described as west of Oahu rejection
imaginative, desire for publicity or other reasons.

2. A
Photograph of (first page is no — good)

2. Lods
2. Fpl osi Mes, dtd 27 mg 58, 30 cp 58
2. Note - Centrader - site cameras


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

CO...R SHEET                                                  UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT: UFO Report Submitted By FBI - Mr. [redacted], Dallas, Texas

ROUTING:
(Columns for tracking document movement, mostly blank)

TO: SAFIS-3, Major Tacker
FROM: AFCIN-4E

COMMENTS:
AFCIN-4bg/Capt Gregory/ko/6216

1. The following findings and conclusions of this Center are submitted to assist you in preparing a reply either to the FBI or directly to Source:

a. There is no report of any UFO or unusual airborne object from Guam for any day in September 1950p is now, some from August or October of that year.

b. To be able to give details of small rivets, portholes and other minute details of the large space ship sketched for the FBI, supposes that Source must have observed the alleged UFO for some lengthy period of time.

c. An object 600-1000 feet in diameter would certainly have been noticed by many units or persons, airborne or on the ground, and certainly would have been picked up by radar. No radar or other reports.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

T58-14578-A
Page 1 of 2 pages
Copy 1 of 4 copies

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 8 -

CONFIDENTIAL                UNCLASSIFIED

AFBR Form 0-86 dtd 27 May 58, Subj: UFO Report Submitted by FBI - Mr. D. H. Bennett, Dallas, Texas (Cont'd)

d. Although an Air Force Command was on the island, we question the reason why Source waited two (2) years before reporting the incident to the Air Force, and again (now) eight (8) years later.

e. ATIC files do not indicate any correspondence or report under individual names.

f. Based on many similar reports and cases, we are of the opinion that Source is somewhat of an eccentric (note agents report: "someone stalking him," and inference of "three-fourths dead"), and with strong suggestions of being a publicity seeker.

2. Due to the many varied and odd cloud formations found over the Pacific, numerous UFO reports have been received from that area. It is possible that Source may have observed a rare form known as a "lenticular -alto cumulus" with the alleged sighting reported as described as result of an over-active imagination, desire for publicity or other reasons.

3. A photograph of a lenticular - alto cumulus is attached.

4. The overall classification of this correspondence is CONFIDENTIAL.

2 Incls:
1. Itr dtd 30 Apr 58
    frm OSI, T58-14578,(cy #1)
    w/1 Incl
2. Photo - Lenticular-
    Alto Cumulus (U)

                                    NICHOLAS POST
                                    Assistant Deputy
                                    AFOIN-4E

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

T58-14578-A
Page 2 of 2 pages
Copy 1 of 4 copies

CONFIDENTIAL


- page 9 -

OFFICIAL USE ONLY

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE COPY

Inclosure # 67    OFFICE OF RECORD

From [redacted], Dallas, Texas

SAFE-3, ATTN: Major Tucker                                   3 July 1958
1
AFCIN-4b/Capt Gregory/amk/69216

1. This is one of the many reports submitted by Mr. [redacted] to the Air Force.

2. Cannot comment on Source's insistence that a particular saucer has been
following him for over eight (8) years (starting in Guam in 1950, his original
report of file), which caught up with him in a ballpark where it knocked him
unconscious, other than that he is a categorized as a persistent, but harmless
crank by this office. Unreliability as a Source is obvious.

3. From a technical viewpoint, and reason why no analysis can be initiated,
[rest of paragraph appears to be illegible]

[Signature]
H. K. GILBERT, COLONEL, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

[Bottom of document has routing and coordination sheet markings]


- page 10 -

SAFIS-3/Maj Tucker/jmA/7328

4 June 1958

Dear Mr.

The 21 January 1958 report by M. concerning an unidentified flying object seen on Guam in September 1950 has been referred to this office for reply.

There are no reports from Guam of UFO's in September 1950. Also, an object of this size would have been seen by many persons or have been observed by radar. There are no known or other reports concerning this object.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. E. L. Boyle
Federal Bureau of Investigation
U. S. Department of Justice
14th Floor, 11th Commerce
Dallas 2, Texas

CMECK-SAFIS-3
RDR-SAFIS-1
STYBCK-SAFIS-3


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

April 21-59

Dear Sir -

It might interest you to know that since the Guam sighting I have been shot with the rings about fifty times. As the report from the shot comes after the blackout I did not hear them and thought that I was suffering from some physical debility. As the incident in the park had exactly the same results (momentary blackout) I now know the real source.

On one occasion on Guam my car was completely off the road when I came to. Either they had given me a stronger charge or the ship was closer to me. I was unconscious at least five seconds. I reported this to my boss E. A. Fitzgerald of Denver, Col. and he can verify this statement.

After this incident they reverted back to the weaker shots as I doubt that they were trying to do me any harm. The only disconcerting thing about the whole business is that the attack always came when I was on either a curve or a mountain road - but that could be coincidence.

I believe that these 'people' are here on a friendly exploration - observation trip and will not leave without contacting us and establishing some sort of a relationship. If they are unfriendly and bent on conquest they will not want to contact us until the fire-works begin. The only way to ascertain their motive is to attempt a contact - and I suggest just that.

They know me and know that I am conditioned to the fact that they exist therefore I suggest that I might and myself drive to some isolated spot in the country, preferably Alaska, where I will try for a complete contact. I chose this way to go with me because he appears to have a good grasp of the situation and also to have the necessary guts. He will not be in on the finale but I will need some one within fifty miles of me to whom I can relay information - if I get any.

I shudder when I think of what will happen if we do not attempt this contact and the Russians succeed in making one. Their leaders know as well as we do that these 'people' exist. At present we have the advantage but it these (the 'People') really want to contact the human race they will not too long on me and will probably take their to some other part of the globe.

In closing I might say that nothing will be accomplished with you hiding under the bed and me spoon-feeding information to you. The security of the country is in danger and the situation calls for direct and positive action.

Sincerely,

[Signature redacted]
COPY


- page 12 -

UFO Report (Mr. [redacted])

TO: SAFIS-3, Maj. L. J. Tacker
FROM: AGOIN-43

DATE: 28 Apr 1959
COMMENT NUMBER: 1
[Routing info/reference number]: 4Fg/Maj R. J. Tenn/ac/69216/Bldg 263

1. The inclosed correspondence is the latest of many contacts which the Air Force has had with Mr. [redacted]. This individual has submitted letters and reports to the Air Force since 1950, and they have all been concerned with a space craft which has been following him around.

2. The general claims of the source are as follows:
   a. The so-called flying saucer has been following him around since 1950.
   b. The so-called flying saucers are inhabited.
   c. The weapon used by these space travelers is a "stunning ray" of some type which assumes an annular shape when fired.
   d. That for some unknown reason they have selected him (Mr. [redacted]) as a contact or guinea pig, and have stunned him with the ray some 50 times.

4. It appears that this source is either perpetrating a hoax for a joke or a more underhanded reason, or is a person in need of medical care.

5. The ATIC conclusion is that this report and the previous claims of Mr. [redacted] are baseless.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 13 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

6. It is suggested that in your reply to Mr. you inform him that the information which he reported is in the hands of the proper Air Force department for analysis. Mr. should also be informed that to date the Air Force has not found any positive evidence of the existence of interplanetary vehicles of any type; nor have any of the phenomena or objects reported and identified proved to be anything but man made items or natural phenomena, not hostile and dangerous except in ways which we understand and know (i.e. meteors and aircraft).

1 Incl:
Cy Itr dtd
21 Apr 59
fr D. H. Bennett

H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
ADIC-AE

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 14 -

27 May 1959

Dear Mr.

Your letter of 21 April, addressed to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base has been referred to this office to reply.

I am sure that you are aware that the U.S. Air Force is charged with the responsibility of investigating and analyzing all cases of unidentified flying object sightings. Further, it is, and has been, the policy of the Air Force to inform the public, through the media of the press, all we learn in pursuit of this program.

To date the Air Force has, in our investigation of many cases, uncovered no physical evidence which would indicate the presence of any extra-terrestrial space vehicles and/or beings, nor has there been any evidence that unidentified flying objects constitute any threat or danger other than the remote possibility of being struck by a meteorite, etc.

For your information, I am enclosing the latest Department of Defense fact sheets on this subject. They plainly state the Air Force position on this matter.

Sincerely,

Incl - 3

LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. David H. Bennet
1420 Pocahontas
Dallas, Texas


- page 15 -

