Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

ATIC NO. ---
AP NO. ---
REPORT NO. ---
DATE OF REPORT 29 Dec 50
TIME OF SIGHTING 1950
SHAPE Circular
SIZE East African 50 cents piece
COURSE ---
NO. IN GROUP 1

SOUND High pitched buzz like swarm of bees
PHOTO'S --- SKETCHES ---

Temporary ATIC Form 329
(2 Jan 52)

DATE OF THING 9 December 1950
LOCATION Kenya (Africa)
SOURCE Civilian Couple
DATE IN TO ATIC ---
COLOR Pearly Iridescence
SPEED ---
ALTITUDE "Considerable"
LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED ---
TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground
MANEUVERS Hovering and spinning

Returned & 1.6
9/1/51


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF 268363
Country: Kenya
Report No. R-750-50
I.D. No. 748726
Subject: Was it a Flying Saucer?
From: Oarma, ETHIOPIA
Evaluation: C-3
Date of Information: 15 Dec 50
Date of report: 29 Dec 50
Prepared by: Leo J. Query, Lt Col
Source: East African Standard Newspaper

Playing Golf on the Nanyika course while staying at the Mawingo Hotel, [redacted], and his wife [redacted] had an odd experience. Here he describes, in his own words, what they saw.

On the morning of Saturday, December 2, at 10:50 a.m. and I were on the Nanyika golf course, moving from the fourth green to the fifth tee, when suddenly from behind us I heard a rather high-pitched buzz which I thought to be a swarm of bees. "I turned round cautiously a warning to my wife," she had evidently heard the same sound as she had put up her arm as if to protect her head. However, although the sound persisted, there was nothing to be seen, I followed with my eyes the direction of the sound and as it died away I suddenly saw, in a clear sky, a pearly-coloured object which I momentarily thought was a piece of thistledown floating and drifting high above me. At that moment, I saw a bird about100 feet up and realized that whatever I was looking at was at a considerable altitude. The object was circular and seemed to be, at the height at which I saw it, about the size of an East African 50 cent piece. It was thicker across its vertical axis and was not unlike a top, flattened at its upper and lower poles. It appeared to be spinning on a clockwise direction while hovering in an almost stationary position.

I called out to [redacted] "What's that in the sky?" Then: "It's a flying saucer." She had just seen it too and called back "Don't be so ridiculous." "Whether or not it was, in fact, one I shall, for simplicity, from now on call it a flying saucer.

The colour of the saucer had a certain pearly iridescence and did not have any normal metallic look. The saucer was absolutely clear and quite unlike anything I have ever seen before flying. I would point out that my wife and I were playing golf and had no thought in our minds of anything like this. It was entirely due to the sound of the "bees" that we looked skyward at all and I do not know whether in fact there were bees or anything similar about if the sound came from the flying saucer. "This is an exact and true description of what I saw."


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

[HEADER INFORMATION]
FILE NO: [partially illegible]
REPORT FO: AC 270-50
SUBJECT: A/C & R Flying Saucer
FROM: 315th Air Division
EVALUATION: C-3
DATE OF INFORMATION: 16 Dec 50
INCL: PREPARED BY: 1st J. B. Daly, Lt. Col.

DATE OF REPORT: 19 Dec 50
SOURCE: Hqt Arfac Standard News

SUMMARY OF CID REPORT:

Playing Golf on the Jamyika course while staying at the muinjo hotel, and his wife, found and odd experience. Here he describes, in his own words, what they saw.

"On the morning of Saturday, December 2, at 10:50 a.m. [redacted] and I were on the Manyika golf course, moving from the fourth green to the fifth tee, when suddenly from behind us I heard a rather high-pitched buzz which I thought, at first, was a swarm of bees. I turned round and called a warning to [redacted] who was about 15 feet to my right. She had evidently heard the same sound as she had put up her arm as if to protect her eyes. Overhead, the sound persisted, there was nothing to be seen. I now looked with my eyes in the direction of the sound and as it diddway I suddenly saw, in a clear sky, a pearly-coloured object, which I momentarily thought was a piece of thistled cotton. Floating and drifting high above me. At that moment, I saw a bird about 100 feet up and realised that whatever I was looking at was at a considerable altitude. The object was circular and seemed to be, at the best of my recollection, about 50 cent piece. It was thicker across the vertical axis and was not unlike a top, flattened."

[FOOTER]
Signature and additional notes are partially obscured.

At bottom of page:
A/Col Willis - AK


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

at its upper and lower poles. It was to be spinning, on a clockwise direction while
hovering in an almost stationary position.

"I called out to him: 'What's that in the sky?' Then: 'It's a flying saucer!'
"She had just seen it too and called back: 'That's be ridiculous'. "I, er..."
"What's not yet, in fact, one I shall, for simplicity, from now on. It's a fly-
ing saucer."

"The colour of the saucer had a certain pearly iridescence and did not have any nor-
mal metallic look. 'The saucer was absolutely clear and quite unlike anything I have over
seen before flying.' I would point out that why I am not playing, yet, and had no
thought in our minds of anything like this. It was entirely due to the end of the
'boss' that we looked skyward at all and I do not know whether in fact there were boss
or anything similar about or if the round or was from the flying saucer. 'This is an earnest
and true description of what I can't..."

At the bottom of the document, there is a footer that says "UNCLASSIFIED"


- page 4 -

