There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing handwritten and typed text.

ABTC NO: ___
AP NO: ___
REPORT NO: ___
DATE OF REPORT: 20 Sept 1950
DATE OF SIGHTING: 20 Sept 1950
SHAPE: Circular
SIZE: 30-40 diameter
COUNTRY: US
NO. IN GROUP: ___
SOUND: ___
PHOTOS: ___SKETCHES: ___
(TEMPORARY APTO FORM 302 (2 JULY 52))
ASTRONOMICAL REFRACTION & SETTING SUN

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a report from Project Blue Book, dated September 17, 1950.

The text in the document is as follows:

17 Sept 1952 Tatuill, New Mexico
Sept 12 1950

Chief, U S Army Intelligence
Roswell Army Air Base
Roswell, New Mexico

Dear Sir:

I wish to pass on to you the following observation made by me while enroute to the wildcat well Amarade State RA 1, a wildcat well being drilled in Sec 22, Township 5 South, Range 25 East, Chaves County, New Mexico. Whitesell Drilling Co. has only military significance. I do not know but you may wish to investigate.

Below are the contents of what I wrote after getting to the well at 5:30 P.M. (5:30PM) New Mexico Time. The elapsed time was due to the need to file by the samples in order to repair in radio.

COPY

To whom it may concern:

__ being of same mind and body wish to make the following statement. At or about 5:50 P.M. New Mexico Time, while enroute to the wildcat well Amarade State RA 1, within a mile of the location I observed the following phenomena:

An orange red ball, wider in the center than its outer edges appeared, the first time I saw it, it appeared in a vertical position. I would say it lasted ten seconds; it seemed to come forward and then, though it did not actually stop, it seemed to stop coming forward and receded. I thought at first the sun was coming back out (it was raining very hard) and the rainstorm was going to cease. A few seconds later it reappeared, this time much closer. (It seemed to stop raining?) I would say maybe a mile or a mile and a half away, in a horizontal position. This time it lasted at least 15 or 20 seconds or it may have lasted longer.

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a written report or document.

Text from the document:

even been a minute. It seemed to head right toward me, I was looking west, my left window was open ( I was driving a Dodge powerwagon) and I could see it much better.
It was larger than the largest plane I have ever seen ( A B-36 or B-29 is the largest I have seen, I don't know the size plane the air force has but have seen one with 6 propellers and I believe that it is the B-29.) It came slowly in a gliding matter, getting closer and closer, I thought at first it might be a tornado or a lightning bolt, I thought I would stop but then decided to proceed as quickly as I could, it came down in a slow glide ; then finally again without seeming to stop it headed back west, it seemed to bank just a little, the south end going up and the north end down, then it rededed and disappeared.
The third time I saw it was a few seconds later, it was headed south and maybe a little more south than west, this time it appear more as a round ball, but larger than before, looked like a large comet, then it disappeared. I was very excited and still driving as fast as I could, maybe ten miles an hour. ( The roads were soft and filled with water).
I reached the rig and told the driller and one of the roughnecks about it, they did not see nothing. On my way to the rig after the last view of the object I thought I saw a gray hill like mass in the distance looking west, looked like some scattered trees or bushes coming down, there are no hills in the area, my best estimate would be that the hill was 200 feet high, it appeared a mile away.
After being at the rig probably ten minutes it seemed to get lighter outside and two apparent patches of light to the south appeared. They were probably two miles away on the horizon. Four small clouds appeared in the lighted area to the west and they slowly settled to the ground, and disappeared.
The rain seemed unnatural, I can't explain exactly what I mean, but I did
appear to be level clouds to the north and east, and it appeared they were stationary and did not look like rain was coming from them, but still it was raining in that direction.
No one at the rig saw the object.
This is a true statement.

Written at 8:45 PM, Sept 17, 1950 at the location.

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch and accompanying text, but no photograph. The sketch depicts a side view and a front view of a UFO-like object. The text describes the object as coming from a south-westerly direction, with the angle of approach estimated to be around 50 degrees. The text also mentions that the object came from a due west direction.

AMERADA PETROLEUM CORPORATION
AMARILLO, TEXAS
U.S.A. 3-31-1950

1st View

This object came from a south westerly direction.
Prob. 15° south of west.

2d View 

The angle of approach was probably about 50°?

It came from a due west direction.

- page 4 -

The image contains a handwritten report with a sketch diagram, but no photograph. The text in the report describes the sighting of an unidentified flying object. The report states that the object appeared to be hovering or stationary, and its movements were slow and smooth. There are no distinct lights or markings on the object described. The observer states that after some time, the object disappeared from view.

AREMARA PETROLEUM CORPORATION
902 EAST MAIN
TULIA. A SILL RANGER

3rd View

This time the object was headed the south.

At no time did the object seem to travel at a very 
rate of speed. All apparent movement was fairly slow 
and very smooth. All the time the observation was 
made it was moving fairly steady to show. The 
observation, as I did not have the Binoculars or the Powerzagon. 

There were no distinct lights on the object
the orange yellow was flush to the night sky and 
was off the millimeters to the south east. At no time did the object seem to be 
shining or reflecting.

There is no doubt I was very excited at the 
time of observation; especially at the time of the second 
and last observation, thought I did not lose my head 
on this observation. After seeing the object disappear that last time 
it started to rain very, very hard.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed or handwritten document from the American Petroleum Corporation, discussing a sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

AMERICAN PETROLEUM CORPORATION
TATUILLA, NEW MEXICO

Q. Have made the following observations in the near the that possibility: if the object was a guided missile? some description of object such be obtained for military purposes.

My opinion, a fueling pod, a lightning rock, a comet, or if possible an actual "falling saucer."

I do not desire no publicity. I have tried to prevent the observation of a specific matter in this which appears to me to be obtainable.

Whatever the object was I did see it pretty.

because the typing seems.

U.S.A.R.
16035519.

T.M.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an "Air Intelligence Information Report" dated September 21, 1950 and signed by ARIC E. FOSTBLIAN, the Intelligence Officer.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED AF 3-2636
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT: Unidentified Airborne Object
LOCATION: Datil, New Mexico
DATE OF OCCURRENCE: 21 September 1950
DATE OF REPORT: 27 September 1950
ARAIC E. FOSTBLIAN, Lt Col., USAF 
Intelligence Officer

SUMMARY:   At an unidentified airborne object, circular in shape, was observed by source near Datil, New Mexico, on 21 September 1950. Observations were made while source was driving: a round, disc-like object, approximately 40 to 50 feet in diameter, was hovering at a low altitude according to the source's estimate. After a few minutes the object accelerated rapidly and disappeared from view. A follow-up letter from source to Wing Intelligence Officer of this Wing states that an object, similar in shape, was observed on the previous day, 20 September 1950, in the same general area.

A few hours later, on the same date, an unidentified air-borne object was sighted by members of this command (see IR 209-75-3, dated 26 Sep 1950).

ARAM E. FOSTBLIAN, Lt Col., USAF
Intelligence Officer

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book. 

Text extracted from the document:

1. Source:
All information contained in this report is based on a personal letter from the source, which is on file at the Air Intelligence Division. this letter is classified in Section 52, possibly 5 Secret, Crypto.

2. Observations by Source:
While he was driving a truck en route to his duties, at the above site, the source states that he observed an unusual flying object in the sky. This object seemed to be hovering or just hovering in the same position for several seconds. He watched it for approximately 15 to 20 seconds as it seemed to come forward and then backwards. At this point it accelerated and disappeared rapidly.

After explaining that it was raining very hard at the time and that he thought perhaps he had seen the sun coming back out of the clouds, the source is convinced that he saw an unusual object in the sky. An estimated time of at least 15 or 20 seconds or as many as 30 seconds is given. The object appeared to be hovering or just hovering, came forward and then backwards, and then accelerated and disappeared rapidly. The source states that it was the largest plane I have ever seen, (as I 26' or 7-29) it is the largest I have seen). It came slowly in a northerly direction and suddenly it just seemed to disappear. The source and going up and the north and down, then it just receded and disappeared.

The source further stated that the object appeared again and it was headed South and that this time it seemed more as a round ball, but seemed to be shimmering. It disappears again and the source says that he was very excited and still driving as fast as he could, maybe less than five miles per hour and still with water.

The last observation made by the source were: I'm pretty sure the hills have been completely closed behind me. There are no hills in the area. My best estimate would be that the hill was 200 feet high, and it appeared to be a semicircle or a horseshoe shape at the rim probably. At this position the object seemed to rise in the South and then disappeared. They probably saw two miles away on the horizon. Your small cloud formations as I did not seem levels clouds to the north and west and it appeared they were normal clouds coming there, but there was a definite object that I did see and I cannot explain it.

The source further stated that at no time did the object of his observations seem to travel at a high rate of speed, nor did they appear to require the use of any unusual conventional power plant as it was driving.

DECLASSIFIED AFTER 15 YEARS INTERVAL

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a portion of an Air Intelligence Information Report document from Project Blue Book.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO. 590-77*
PAGE   3     OF    3    PAGES

3.  Analysis of Reporting Officer:
     The source, who is a credible official of the Magnolia Petroleum Corporation, Tulsa, New Mexico, informs that he observed the indicated phenomenon and made notes on his observations.  Further investigation is not contemplated.

The sources responsiveness to our checks may have been favorably conditioned by an article in the current issue of a nationally distributed magazine.

                 A. CAPTAIN  T. TUTUELL                             
                  I-2  AIR INTELLIGENCE OFFICER

- page 9 -

