PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
24 May 1950 Morning

2. LOCATION
Holloman AFB, New Mexico

3. SOURCE
Military

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA
Triangulation could not be effected. Photos of two different
objects

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Photos taken by two stations on Videon Camera. Two different
objects and triangulation could not be effected. Photos
sent to Dr Mariachi at Cambridge. File incomplete.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Videon Photos

7. COURSE
W/A

8. PHOTOS
☒ Yes   Not in File
☐ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

MX674, test of 24 May 1950                     EBROSIS                     31 May 1950         1

Lt. Albert

1. Following is preliminary information concerning MX 674 test of
   24 May 1950:

a. Reference System:
   NAA Line of fire: 19052 30.8" west of North
   X: the down range coordinate along the NAA line of fire
   Y: the off range coordinate, positive to the right
   Z: the vertical coordinate
   XY Plane: that plane tangent to the earth's surface through
   the reference point (0, 0, 0)

b. Station locations:
   Coordinates of station 8:  13549, 20190, 106
   Coordinates of station 10: 43309, 23819, 113

c. Frame rate:
   Five frames per second

d. Definitions:
   Azimuth Angle: the angle the line of sight when projected into the
   XY plane makes with the plus X coordinate axis in a clockwise
   direction.
   Elevation Angle: the acute angle the line of sight makes with
   the XY plane.

e. Discussion of the 24 May 1950 film.
   Station 8 followed an object for six consecutive frames, during
   which time the azimuth angle changed uniformly from 58°19'30"
   to 58°26'30". The elevation changed uniformly from 47°32'20"
   to 47°25'50".

   Station 10 followed an object for seventy-four consecutive frames,
   during which time the azimuth angle changed uniformly from
   106°01'40" to 105°39'50". The elevation angle changed uniformly
   from 25°48'0" to 25°07'50".

   Unfortunately, as station 8 and 10 did not follow the same object,
   no reduction was possible.

                                                DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
                                                DOD DIR. 5200.10

PERRY K. BRYANT
Captain, USAF
Chief, Data Reduction Unit                     PKB/rd
                                                ext 193


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

EKO 00.92/1                                                                31 May 50
                                                                            JUL 13 1950

SUBJECT: Aerial Phenomena

TO:   Commanding Officer
       AF Cambridge Research Laboratory
       Attn: Base Directorate, Geophysical Research
       230 Albany St.,
       Cambridge, Massachusetts

1. Per request of Dr. A. O. Mirarch, during recent visit
to this base, the following information is submitted.

2. Sightings were made on 27 April and 24 May 1950 of
aerial phenomena during morning daylight hours at this station.
The sightings were made by Inc., personnel while
engaged in tracking regular projects with Askania Photo-
theodolites. It has been reported that objects are sighted
in some number; as many as eight have been visible at one time.
The individuals making these sightings are professional observers
therefore I would rate their reliability superior. In both
cases photos were taken with Askanis.

3. The Holloman AF Base Data Reduction Unit analyzed the
27 April pictures and made a report, a copy of which I am
enclosing with the film for your information. It was believed
that triangulation could be effected from pictures taken on
24 May because pictures were taken from two stations. The
films were rapidly processed and examined by Data Reduction.
However, it was determined that sightings were made on two
different objects and triangulation could not be effected. A
report from Data Reduction and the films from the sightings are
enclosed.

4. There is nothing further to report at this time.

4 Incls:
Incl #1-Data Red Rpt #1
Incl #2-Data Red Rpt #2
Incl #3-Film, P-10, 24 May 50
     Film, P-8, 24 May 50
     Film, P-10, 27 Apr 50
Incl #4-Map of HAFB Range

In May 20, 1950, after word of the first picture had got
out, some more were made, another object was
sighted just before a missile was to be fired. A second station
called, and they reported that they also could see the object
equally. Both stations swung into action and took photos. On
developing the film, it turned out that each was tracking a
decent object-bright data on light-again we had no
triangulation. Whatever the data were, they were impossible
to evaluate.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YRS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

EXTRACT - BUFFET
"TRUE MAGAZINE ARTICLE"
S.05-4878-4


- page 3 -

INTERVIEW WITH CAPTAIN [redacted]
by W. B. Klemperer

(in the presence of Mr. Al Chop of DAC Public Relations)

on February 4, 1955 p.m.
at Mr. [redacted] home,
Palos Verdes, California

1. Captain [redacted] has been a pilot with American Airlines since 1939, for 16 years. He flies all types of commercial airplanes. Presently he is on regular DC-6 coach service between Los Angeles and Chicago. He has about 15,000 flight hours, accumulated at the rate of approximately 1000 hours per year. He is considered extremely reliable and experienced during the war flew DC-1's regularly between New York and England. (In 1945 I met him at Prestwick, Scotland. - I have known Willy Sperry since when he was a high school boy in Tallmadge, Ohio, in the late twenties; I knew his parents well, and his older brother was one of my closest friends.) I taught Willy a few things about gliding in those days.) Capt. [redacted] traveled a great deal, also flies light airplanes on vacation trips with his wife within the USA as well as into Central and South America.

2. Captain [redacted] related from memory, which is still vivid, his experience of an encounter with an UFO on 29 May 1950. He was flying (in the left seat of the cockpit of) a DC-6. The airplane had left Washington Airport at about 9:10 p.m. and was steadily climbing towards a 20,000' level. The weather was clear aloft but the ground was covered by haze. There was a full moon about 25° above the horizon. He was headed 240°(mag) for Nashville, Tenn. At about 9:30 p.m., some seven miles west of Mt. Vernon (while flying for a map), the copilot [redacted] suddenly shouted "Watch it, watch it!" and drew his attention to an UFO ahead of them, growing rapidly bigger. It was a brilliant bluish light. No avoidance collision was simply banked and veered about 45° off their course to the right while the object passed by on their left side slightly higher in opposite direction from an 11 o'clock position to a 7 o'clock apparent position. During this maneuver the UFO happened to pass between the observers and the upper half of the moon, showing a dark silhouette of a slender hull reminiscent of a submarine, its length about half the moon's diameter, its height a fraction of that. The bright blue light appeared to be at the tail end.

As the object had passed behind their wing the pilots banked the plane to the left and returned towards their old course. Even so, the copilot discovered the object again through the right window "as though it had circled behind them and come up after them". He then banked to the


- page 4 -

Interview with

right again for a better view but the UFO streaked across towards the East behind them. Capt. saw it once more through the pilot's window to the rear as it went off into the distance towards the Atlantic.

Two or three passengers also saw a light pass by and one stewardess "saw something go by".

Capt. reported the observations to the Washington tower by radio but neither the tower personnel nor the Washington radar picked up anything significant to confirm the sighting.

The press heard of the incident through the Washington tower. On the following morning, was interviewed by reporters at his home in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He showed his newspaper clippings which he has preserved in an album among personal photographs. He made no report to the Air Force but answered questions posed by a major who called him at Tulsa long distance from the Pentagon on 30 May.

Much later, learned that "Hank Myers, later pilot of President Truman's plane, was flying an AAL plane on the same evening and observed a brilliant bluish object between Nashville and Knoxville at such a time that it could well have been the same UFO".

3. The possibility that the UFO seen by and his copilot was a meteor was emphasically discounted by both. Capt. does not believe that the semimingly erratic movement of the object could have been an illusion produced solely by the three veering maneuvers of their own aircraft. The observation of the bright light being at what they called the rear or the oblong or cigar shaped silhouette of the object as it passed for a fleeting fraction of a second in front of the disk of the full moon seems hard to reconcile with the brilliant visibility of this light during the earlier head-on approach phase, unless it is assumed that the luminous area was much larger than the cross section of the body.

NOTE: According to the Almanac the moon was full on May 30, 1950. WEK


- page 5 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: Mimeol "World of Flying Saucers"                                Summer 1950
                                                                        Denver, Colorado

A saucer incident that might have become a classic Unknown occurred in Denver at 10 A.M. on a summer's day in 1950. A man was sitting on the shady porch of his house, reading. Beyond the porch roof the sun shone brightly. Glancing up from his book, he was startled to see a formation of perhaps a dozen spherical objects, shining iridescently, traveling toward the distant mountains.

As he watched, those in the front of the procession seemed to vanish instantly while others appeared out of nowhere to join the parade at the rear. Measuring their size against the mountain background, he decided they were "immense" and they moved at fantastic speed, covering the thirty or so miles to the mountains in a matter of five or six seconds.

Too stunned to take action, he was still numb from shock when he heard a faint "Hello," and looked up-to realize that the little girl across the street was blowing soap bubbles. If the man had jumped up when he first saw the objects and had rushed into the house to telephone the nearest saucer club, he might never have found out that the "spaceships" were only bubbles. [5.]


- page 6 -

