PROJECT BLUE BOOK RECORD

DATE OF INFO: July 1950
LOCATION: Pullman, Wash.
SOURCE: Civilian

At bottom of form:
"To accompany ATIC Form 329 military report presented Jan 52"

Most of the form fields are left blank with "---" or "..."

There is a partially obscured stamp/notation on the right side of the document.

The bottom right corner contains some handwritten notes that are partially illegible.

The document appears to be a standard military/government reporting form for recording information about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

To:                District Intelligence Officer
                    13th Naval District

From:              Lt. Rolland L Smule
                    260343/1635 USNR-O
                    1604 Fisk Ave
                    Pullman, Washington.

Subject:           Flying Saucers, Report of:

1.      the following information is reported to your office for proper disposition of the information that was confidentially given to me by Lieut. Charles Kinzel, Chief of the Washington State College Police Force, Pullman, Washington, on the morning of 24 July 1950, when he and I were discussing some of the traffic problems as they pertain to the Campus here at Washington State College.

2.      Chief Kinzel is a member of the Washington State Patrol, on detached duty here at Washington State College. Chief Kinzel's interest in flying saucers is as high as many of the other persons in this area, "and he has always been on the watch for one of the flying saucers or to talk to a person who has seen one." Chief Kinzel's statement to me pertaining to flying saucers was substantial; this. I did not press him for additional information at the time as I did not want to arouse his interest and felt that he had told me everything that had been told him.

3.      Kinzel's information to me. --- "Here is some confidential information that was told to me by a member of the Washington State Patrol---Patrolman who is stationed in the Horsehaven hills district here in the State of Washington was called to a location in the Horsehaven hills about two weeks ago by an excited citizen who had found a strange metal object, that was a saucer shaped, then saw the object, he could see that there was some written material on it and followed the directions of that written material. It was not long until an Army officer from the Hanford "Atomic Project", Island, Washington, arrived also seemed quickly picked up the object. A discussion between the military officer and the State patrolman---and it was not stated by --- if the original person who had found the object was still present---followed pertaining to flying saucers. That conversation was substantially this--- Flying saucers are of the 6 sizes, some small like the one found in the Horsehaven Hills which was about 6 inches thick and 20 inches in diameter, others larger and the largest ones up to 250 feet in diameter. So a few guided missiles, others are not, some are capable of carrying payloads, others are not, some are piloted by human beings, they are powered by atomic energy and can travel as fast as 3600 miles per hour. That they are launched at the Hanford Atomic project. That the article in the Leaders Digest of July 1950 contains additional information that could learn if he had not already read the article.

4.      I have read the Reader's Digest at the end of the article and am wondering about the final paragraph at the end of the missile. "Anyone obtaining or rescaling description or whereabouts of this missile is subject to prosecution by the United States Government."

5.      This memo to the DIO office is sent by me with the interest of the security of the United States. The question in my mind is Did the military officer who talked to Patrolman Pruitt violate the security measures of his office?

UNCLASSIFIED

[Signed: R. L. Smule]


- page 2 -

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: Newspaper

1 July 1950
Fairbanks, Alaska

Alaska Sky Flash Was Meteor
FAIRBANKS, Alaska, July 4 (UP) -- The Alaska air command issued an announcement today that a flaming object that flashed across the sky over Fairbanks Saturday night was a meteor.


- page 3 -

