The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a landscape or outdoor scene. There is no human face visible in the photograph.

Output from the OCR system:

Green of L-24

15 March 1950

1030 EST

Large

1 

Temporary Arpt Form 1379
(C-Jun 37)

8 March 1950

DAILY PERSONNEL REPT IN ARTIC.

VISUAL SIGHTING. AT 1543 HRS, GR L-24 REPORTED VISUAL SIGHTING OF AN UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT IN THE AIR. OBJECT WAS LARGE AND APPEARED TO BE GAINING ALTITUDE AS IT TRAVELLED TOWARDS THE NE. IT WAS OBSERVED FOR APPROX 1 MIN BEFORE DISAPPEARING FROM VIEW. WEATHER CONDITIONS WERE CLEAR. NO FURTHER DETAILS ARE AVAILABLE.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically an excerpt from a Daily Intelligence Brief dated March 9, 1950.

Excerpt from Daily Intelligence Brief - Secret, Auths: CG, AMG, By: Spencer Whedon, Date: 9 March 1950.

4. AMG INVESTIGATION OF REPORTS ON UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT (RESTRICTED)
AMG investigation of reports on the presence of an unidentified object in the air near Wright-Patterson Air Force Base on 8 March 1950, indicates that the reports resulted from 2 phenomena: ice-crystal clouds which reflected sunlight, and visibility of the planet Venus, which is sometimes observed in daylight. Pilots dispatched to search for an object which had been registered on radar scopes, reported nothing but ice haze and clouds. Another pilot reported an object believed to have been Venus.

The following was sent in telecon to A-2
Ref AMG Daily Intelligence Brief dtd 9 March 1950.
AMG investigation of reports on the presence of an unidentified object in the air near Wright-Patterson Air Force Base on 8 March 1950, indicates that the reports resulted from 2 phenomena: ice-crystal clouds which reflected sunlight, and visibility of the planet Venus, which is sometimes observed in daylight. Pilots dispatched to search for an object which had been registered on radar scopes, reported nothing but ice haze and clouds. Another pilot reported an object believed to have been Venus.

- page 2 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Unidentified Flying Object
AF019-79
Recommendation: This material is checked by special people, and action is to be taken as you deem appropriate.
2. Probably, an act of courtesy, an answer is required; however, policy would appear to be the-highest office for action. If you concur, a discreet background information should be furnished for their preparation of the endorsement.
/s/ R.C. BRIGGS, Captain, USN
Chief, Evaluation Div.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this document. The document appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, discussing an incident involving an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED

Forwarded for consideration as noted in para 2 of
Command Memo 52-7
A detailed study has been made of attached letter and
indicates the following conclusions:

1. The letter describes the sighting of a strange object at Selfridge AAF weather reporting station on 8 and 9 May 1950 for twenty-four hour period. In view of this, the following recommendations are submitted:

It is recommended that the following information be incorporated in reply to
Continental Air Command Attention: Air Force:

In regard to conclusions reached by Basic letter, as follows with conclusions:
(1) The flight characteristics of the object which included tremendous speed and accelerations, are consistent with the postulated performance of advanced experimental aircraft:
(2) the maneuvers observed in the sky, using precise control in three dimensional space, are characteristic of techniques which could be related to controlled flight:
(3) the fact that the 'object' was reported as remaining stationary in free space for a near-period of two hours tend to confirm the reported characteristics.

There is a conflict in data on the incident: one witness states that the 'object' made a noise while the other witness reported that it did not make a sound. This seems consistent with existing data on observed aerial phenomena. Other details appear to be an accurate representation of the reported incident.

At approximately 0745 two (2) airline pilots reported that they had seen a long maneuverable body in the sky on 9 March (See incl. 1, page 1). The same object was later observed to pick up speed and to disappear from the scene. The object was tracked on ground control radar at Selfridge AFB, according to this report, during its flight. At one point the object was of the approximate size of a 30 foot airliner, in the opinion of the pilots. The control tower personnel who observed this object confirmed the pilots' report. Although the radar could detect the object, the pilots could see nothing visually, except dim lights, at this point. Later, an F-51 attempted to intercept the object. It could not disrupt the steady, directed flight of the object. This information leads to the belief that this was a controlled and directed flight path, confirming the earlier conclusions of controlled techniques.

There appears to be no conflict in the position of the 'object' but the pilots could see nothing visually, consistent with the later, an F-51 attempted to intercept the object. It could not disrupt the steady, directed flight of the object. This information leads to the belief that this was a controlled and directed flight path, confirming the earlier conclusions of controlled techniques. However, at about 1130 hours, signals of large amplitude were detected on the radar scope to the approximate location of the target, and reported back, but strips of radar indicating concentric rings of slow clouds moving from the right of the screen, disappearing approximately 20,000 ft. This information is considered significant evidence that the earlier visual and radar observations were in fact unusual clouds, mirage formations, or other atmospheric phenomena causing unusual light effects and reflections back on the radar screens. There has been no evidence that unusual observations have been the result of anything other than such natural phenomena.

UNCLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs or images, it is a scanned document from Project Blue Book. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

13 APR 50
LTR

Unidentified Flying Object 

SUBJECT: Cursory examination of such reports as have come to the attention of Hq USAF have generally confirmed the conclusions which were previously disseminated: the great majority of reports are believed to be of a rational and explainable nature. They do, however, reflect the continuing and widespread public and military interest in this phenomenon, and the desirability of having a centralized technical intelligence evaluation and collection effort for the collection of technical intelligence. These are being currently re-emphasized and continued.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

The image contains a text document, but there is no photograph present. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

RESTRICTED
TELCON NO. 241 18 APR 1950

AUG Item 11
From Lt Col Linstrand IICIA to Maj Boggs D/I Hq USAF

The following reports of an unguided object in the vicinity of W-P AFB are forwarded, reference telephone conversation Maj Boggs 17 Apr:

Report by Captain Robert M. Howe: 8 Mar 50:

"At approximately 7:45 A.M. I was informed by the control tower that a pattern field to the north apparently indicated an object which was high over the field. The tower told me this object had been originally reported by three airline pilots to the Vandalia control tower. The pilots described it as a long, slender body at an estimated altitude of 9,000 to 10,000 feet and approaching from the northwest. By the time I received this information the Vandalia control had the object sighted."

"At approximately 8:10 A.M. Major Kenneth C. Chilstrom took off in an F-80 to search the area. At this time and for approximately the next hour the Vandalia control tower had the object visually located, and they gave this information as about 15-50 degrees bearing from the tower. They did not know the altitude or distance from the station, but they estimated it to be at the height of the high cirrus clouds over the field."

"At approximately 8:30 AM I called Colonel Osgood of the Electronic subdivision to get any radar assistance the Division might be able to give. I also contacted Captain Whitling of the all weather search radar which is located at Vandalia, Ohio. Colonel Osgood said his radar equipment was still in visual contact with the object, but they were unsuccessful. At one time Major Chilstrom said he fairly close to the object, but he was unable to identify any object or body of any kind. Shortly afterwards, however, a National Guard pilot from Vandalia, Colonel Shaefer, sighted an object when he was on the ground, and he took off in his F-51 and attempted to track it, but was unsuccessful."

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text.

Text from the document:

"At approximately 11:30 A.M. 9 March 1950, Mr. J. James and the writer were informed that unidentified signals of very large amplitude were being received on the SCR-584 in Area B. It was also indicated that celestial bodies were observed earlier in the day. Mr. James and the writer proceeded to the radar site in order to observe the signals and suggested that, inasmuch as the signals were undoubtedly weather conditions, it would be advisable to obtain confirmation from an F-80 weather reconnaissance aircraft. An F-80 aircraft was dispatched to the area and reported back that strips of ice laden clouds running northwest to southeast were visible at approximately 30,000 ft. This information concurred with data obtained by the radar forming conclusive evidence that the ice laden clouds were the cause of the reflections from the ice laden clouds.

"It is believed that the visible sightings may have been due to the early morning sun shining through the ice laden clouds causing an optical illusion."

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

Object, Says
It Was Star
"I feel damn foolish about this whole thing..." said Lt. Col. Dale Spaur, USAF, Patrolman, who saw a brilliant flying object yesterday near Ravenna, Ohio. "I'm convinced I took off and went chasing a star or some kind of celestial body."

The object, Spaur said, seemed "very bright" and was about the size of a dime held at arm's length. He said it suddenly appeared to stop and then made a startling burst of speed, moving off toward the horizon.

Spaur said he was having some coffee with another policeman when the object was first sighted. "The object appeared to be about the size of a dime and was tremendously bright. It seemed to be at an altitude of about 5,000 feet and was traveling at an unbelievable rate of speed," Spaur said.

"At first I thought it was a jet aircraft but there was no sound. Then I realized it was much too fast and bright to be an aircraft. I would estimate its speed at approximately 1,000 mph," he continued.

"Spaur said he and the other officer chased the object for 105 miles while it was traveling about one mile every 1.5 or 2 seconds. At one point, Spaur said, the object seemed to come to a complete stop in the sky and then accelerate at a terrific rate of speed.

"They finally lost sight of the object at an altitude of about 10,000 feet over the horizon," Spaur said. "The next morning I still can't believe what I saw. I feel like a fool for chasing it."

"Flying Saucer" Didn't Wiggle,
Airman Believes It Was Star
"I feel damn foolish about this whole thing..." said Lt. Col. Dale Spaur, USAF, Patrolman, who saw a brilliant flying object yesterday near Ravenna, Ohio. "I'm convinced I took off and went chasing a star or some kind of celestial body."

The object, Spaur said, seemed "very bright" and was about the size of a dime held at arm's length. He said it suddenly appeared to stop and then made a startling burst of speed, moving off toward the horizon.

Spaur said he was having some coffee with another policeman when the object was first sighted. "The object appeared to be about the size of a dime and was tremendously bright. It seemed to be at an altitude of about 5,000 feet and was traveling at an unbelievable rate of speed," Spaur said.

"At first I thought it was a jet aircraft but there was no sound. Then I realized it was much too fast and bright to be an aircraft. I would estimate its speed at approximately 1,000 mph," he continued.

"Spaur said he and the other officer chased the object for 105 miles while it was traveling about one mile every 1.5 or 2 seconds. At one point, Spaur said, the object seemed to come to a complete stop in the sky and then accelerate at a terrific rate of speed.

"They finally lost sight of the object at an altitude of about 10,000 feet over the horizon," Spaur said. "The next morning I still can't believe what I saw. I feel like a fool for chasing it."

- page 8 -

The image appears to contain a newspaper article with an accompanying photograph. The photograph shows a group of people, likely military officers, who are described in the text as Captain William Littlejohn, Major Henry T. Sturtevant, Lt. Col. Dale F. Shoob, and Captain Charles Clarke. The article discusses the sighting of a "strange object" over the city and the futile attempts to pursue it.

The text output from the document is as follows:

Strange Object Sighted Over City; Pursuit Attempts Futile
What was believed to be an unidentified celestial object was reported to have been seen in the skies here Wednesday morning and to have eluded pursuit by Army and Air National Guard planes. 
The object, which was sighted at about 10 o'clock from the control tower at the Patterson Field Air Base, was described as traveling "extremely fast" and "unconventional" in its movements.
Information received from the Patterson Field Air Base stated that attempts were made to pursue the object but that it eluded the pursuit planes. 
The object was spotted by Capt. William Littlejohn, Maj. Henry T. Sturtevant, Lt. Col. Dale F. Shoob, and Capt. Charles Clarke, all of whom are connected with the Air Materiel Command here.
They reported that the object was sighted first over the downtown area and that it was traveling extremely fast in a northwesterly direction.
Attempts were immediately made to send up pursuit planes from the Patterson Field Air Base to intercept the object but, according to the information received, the object was too fast for the pursuit planes and soon eluded them.
The object was described as appearing to be "about the size of a medium-sized aircraft" and as having a "peculiar shape."
The body is described as oblong or cigar-shaped and as giving off a brilliant light. It was visible for about five minutes, observers said.

- page 9 -

The image contains a photograph. The photograph shows an article titled "The World of Flying Saucers" from Project Blue Book, reporting on a sighting of a UFO when Venus appeared as a morning star. The article describes the incident, including details about the sighting, radar observations, and the subsequent investigation. However, the image does not contain any human faces, so I will not attempt to identify or name any individuals in the photograph.

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 31--THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS

Venus as a Morning Star

One of the "best" UFOs of the year 1950 appeared when Venus performed in plain sight of the ATIC offices at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio [A. P.] P. 13:

About midmorning on March 8, a TWA plane, coming in to land at Dayton Municipal airport, was noticed to get into the traffic pattern when both pilot and copilot noticed an extremely bright light in the southeast. Much brighter and larger than a star, it appeared and disappeared in the high, thick, scattered clouds. The observer operators, who also noticed it, immediately telephoned the Ohio Filter Center at ATIC, which is constantly manned to watch for and to track any unidentified flying objects. ATIC technicians studied returns on the radar screens at the laboratory at Wright Field, and they hastily scrambled F-51s tried to intercept it.

The radar operators, who reported returns from both UFO and Pursuit planes, called the pilots and vectored them in toward the target. Both pilots could see the light at first, but when they had climbed to about 15,000 feet they found themselves in clouds so thick that neither could see the other plane, and the unknown was no longer visible. Since ground radar reported that the planes were getting closer to the target, the pilots decided to continue, in the instruments, but they separated to avoid the danger of colliding with each other.

flying conditions were far worse than they had expected and the planes were doing over 300 knots! Nonetheless, the pilots kept climbing until radar reported they were almost on top of the target, but it suddenly disappeared. It seems that if a solid object actually were ahead of them, the pilots would have collided with it, since they were going so fast and the object could not have suddenly moved far away.

Meanwhile, the ground radar reported that the target had suddenly appeared below the clouds and circled, hoping for a break in the overcast, until ground radar reported that the target was fading fast. The planes then landed. When the clouds broke momentarily, after about 15 minutes, a conference took place at ATIC that afternoon to discuss the identity of the mysterious light and the cause of the radar echoes. 

A check showed that the position of the UFO had been identical with that of Venus. The light, the conference concluded, had been Venus. One pilot later disagreed, arguing that the light had not looked like a planet and that it should have appeared, but did not, at the same time on the following day. The persistent movement, however, would have distorted the image and made it unlike the pale light of Venus which is normally visible, if seen through the distance. Nevertheless, some investigators found, both planes had chased something that came from the target area indicated by the radar.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT INCIDENT OF 9 MARCH 1950

TO MCIATXA, Col Hornstreet (to note) MCIATXA, Col Eiling (to note)
MCIATXA, Col Watson (to note)
MCIATXA-1, Mr. Rogers (to note) (in turn) Project GRUDGE

1. At 1020, 9 Mar 50, Col Watson called the undersigned stating that various reports on an unidentified object had reached his office, and that I was directed to investigate the matter. And take whatever steps I felt necessary. Col Watson referred me to Capt Howe, Ext 6406, and Sgt Guzi, Ext 22240.

2. The undersigned contacted Capt Howe immediately and received the information relative to this incident. As directed, an investigation was conducted. Following is a summary of the information gathered:

Possible in order that the facts as I received them could be recorded without distortion, I asked Capt Guzi and obtained information that was summarizing. This summarizing gave a signal of tremendous size and that the random motion of the signals precluded from motion calculations. The further stated that the range of the signal covered 50,000 feet and was spotted from 20-30,000 distance in range. These reports varied until 1140, at which time he lost track of the object as the object came closer to the field than fifteen miles.

3. At 1020 various crews were alerted to accomplish the following tasks:

a. Messrs Deaymond and Kobernus assigned to Vandalia Airport to interrogate personnel reported to have observed the object. Investigation report contained in enclosure 1.

b. Mr. Johnson dispatched to the radar site in Area B to investigate unknown radar targets. Report of investigation is contained in enclosure 2.

OCR Output:

UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT INCIDENT OF 9 MARCH 1950

TO MCIATXA, Col Hornstreet (to note) 
MCIATXA, Col Eiling (to note)
MCIATXA, Col Watson (to note)
MCIATXA-1, Mr. Rogers (to note) (in turn) Project GRUDGE

1. At 1020, 9 Mar 50, Col Watson called the undersigned stating that various reports on an unidentified object had reached his office, and that I was directed to investigate the matter. And take whatever steps I felt necessary. Col Watson referred me to Capt Howe, Ext 6406, and Sgt Guzi, Ext 22240.

2. The undersigned contacted Capt Howe immediately and received the information relative to this incident. As directed, an investigation was conducted. Following is a summary of the information gathered:

Possible in order that the facts as I received them could be recorded without distortion, I asked Capt Guzi and obtained information that was summarizing. This summarizing gave a signal of tremendous size and that the random motion of the signals precluded from motion calculations. The further stated that the range of the signal covered 50,000 feet and was spotted from 20-30,000 distance in range. These reports varied until 1140, at which time he lost track of the object as the object came closer to the field than fifteen miles.

3. At 1020 various crews were alerted to accomplish the following tasks:

a. Messrs Deaymond and Kobernus assigned to Vandalia Airport to interrogate personnel reported to have observed the object. Investigation report contained in enclosure 1.

b. Mr. Johnson dispatched to the radar site in Area B to investigate unknown radar targets. Report of investigation is contained in enclosure 2.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AIR EXPERIMENTAL TEST PILOT SCHOOL
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON, OHIO

8 March 1950

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Object in Vicinity of
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base

At approximately 7:45 A.M., I was informed by the Control
Tower that a pear-shaped object was sighted over the field. This
object was high over the field. The Tower told me this
object had been intermittently on their radar and that two airplanes
had been scrambled to investigate it. The pilots described it as
a long, round object about 30 ft. in diameter, approaching from
the north. By the time they reached it, the Control Tower had
lost the object sighted with their field glasses.

At approximately 8:15 A.M., Capt. C. Chiles from
took off in an F-80 to search for it. At this time end
they reported having the object visually located, and they gave its location
as about 1/8 mile southeast from the tower. They said it
did not know the altitude or distance from the station, but they
estimated it to be at 10,000 feet. These clouds were at an altitude of 5,000 ft.

At approximately 8:30 A.M., I called Colonel Gascopp of
the Electronic Surveillance to get any Radar assistance the
Division might be able to give. I also contacted Captain
Wilting of the All Weather Division for assistance in the
All Weather Center. Both were unable to locate the object at Dayton, Ohio.
At this time, the Vandalia Tower was still in visual contact
with the object. Their observer informed them it was definitely
not an aircraft, but they were unsuccessful in identifying it
as any known object. They were unable to identify any object or body or
anything.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Shortlyafterwards, however, a National Guard pilot from Vancouver, Colonpl Cooney, sighted an object whieh he was on duty. H eclaimed at first to be observing a meteorological balloon, but after he had watched it for some time he decided to pursue it. After he had chased it for about 30 minutes, he reported that the object displayed speeds and maneuvers which were far beyond any known aircraft. At approximately 11:30 A.M. I received a telephone call from the Airforce intelligence Station. The director reported that the operators had an unidentified object on their radarscope 55 miles east of San Francisco, and that it was travelling at a speed of 2500 m.p.h. at an altitude of 10,000 feet and on a course of 245 degrees. He stated that the object turned, accelerated and made 100 mile turns in 12 seconds. At this time I called Colonel Watson, Military Intelligence Division, and relayed this information to him.

I wish to report that I contacted the Case Operations Officer of the Eastern Air Defense Command and advised the operations officer on the radar search and devised the operations officer on the radar search and devised the operations of the search on this occasion.

At 10:00 A.M. I contacted the Public Relations Officer of Headquarters, AMC and notified the officer that a report of an unidentified object had been made and been under observations. I also notified this officer that no additional information was available to be released to the public at this time. 

ROBERT M. HOEY
CAPTAIN, USAF

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO investigation report. There is no photograph present in this image.

The text from the document is as follows:

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION CONDUCTED AT VANDALIA AIRPORT REGARDING SIGHTING OF "STRANGE OBJECT"

Mr. Albert E. Deyarmond and Mr. Fred Koebernick, representatives of the Intelligence Department, Hq. AMC, T-2 APB, interviewed a number of people at the Vandalia Airport in connection with the sighting of an unidentified object on the morning of 8 March 1950.

2. Names of people who were interrogated with regard to this phenomenon are:

a. Mr. George Barnes, Airport Traffic Controller;
b. Mr. C.A. Sheppard, (Dayton Power), Chief Airport Traffic Controller;
c. Mr. Sherman Seydlitz, CAA (Dayton Station) Chief Airport Traffic Controller;
d. Mr. Stevens, Chief, Weather Bureau;
e. Lt Colonel Dale E. Shefer, Chief, Operations Officer, National Guard Squadron at Vandalia Airport.

3. Interrogation of Mr. Barnes:

Mr. Barnes stated that at approximately 0650 he sighted an object in the direction of Dayton about 700-800 feet in the air. The reason for noticing this object was that it moved rather fast and seemed quite luminous. It appeared to be a bright ball and left a vapor trail in its wake. The vapor trail was approximately six times the object's diameter, and the end of the vapor trail was approximately 500 feet beyond the object. When the object finally stopped it was at a bearing of approximately 110 degrees and distance of about 2-3 miles. The object reversed its direction of travel and proceeded on a bearing of approximately 290 degrees and a distance of about 700-800 yards, and then stopped. The angle of elevation during this entire movement was approximately 30 degrees. After the object stopped, he decided to call several other people who also observed it through binoculars. Mr. Snyder, Mrs. Sealing, and several others were called to observe the object. The object reversed its position in the opposite direction as before, and its speed seemed to be decreasing. It was definitely going into the wind while rising, and its speed was terrific. It was definitely going into the wind while rising, and its speed was terrific. It was definitely going into the wind while rising, and estimates were that it could possibly have been made of aluminum. A TWA flight, No. 21, was in the vicinity about the time this object stopped its horizontal travel. The pilot was notified and requested to turn in a direction of S/SW. Pilot Miller radioed in that he had encountered the object but could not determine what it was. At about the same time the object had begun to ascend. If was kept in sight for about 2-3 hours by means of binoculars. The object diminished in size and finally disappeared from sight at a terrific speed. It was definitely going into the wind while rising, and its speed was terrific. At approximately 10 A.M. the object disappeared due to cloud cover closing in.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing various interrogations related to a UFO sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED

4. Interrogation of Mr. Seydler:

Mr. Seydler observed the object between the hours of 0300 and 1900. He stated that the object appeared to be shining and that it hovered; however, he believed that sun reflection might have had something to do with this apparition. He claims that the object traveled to a height above 30,000 feet since high cirrus clouds were present at approximately 29,000 to 30,000 feet and he thought that the object was between the ground and the clouds. He could not determine the distance of the object in any other way. He further gave information as to the strength of the surface winds at the time. He stated that ground surface winds were south-westerly and blowing at 25 mph. He also stated that at a higher altitude, the winds were blowing at a somewhat slower rate.

5. Interrogation of Mr. Stevens:

Mr. Stevens came into the tower at approximately 0730 and observed the object with binoculars and he stated that it seemed to be a very luminous disk and reminded him of a coming balloon. He stated that the object ascended into the wind and was under observation for approximately two and one-half hours until cloud cover obscured it.  

6. Interrogation of Mr. Fordham:

Mr. Fordham observed the object a few minutes after it had stopped, (as told to him by Mr. Barnes) and estimated its progress as it came descending a little from the earth's orbit and by some means or other became a temporary satellite. He made some mention of the fact that this object resembled a weather balloon of the type he had observed during his past years of weather observation.

7. Interrogation of Lt Colonel Shafer:

Lt Colonel Shafer observed people rushing past his office at a few minutes before 0800 and interrogated them to find out what the excitement was about. He went to the tower in order to observe the object which had been reported to be visible from there. At first sight it impressed him as being no more than a star although he claims that other people observing the object were observing various details which could not be seen. He observed it with both the naked eye and binoculars, and did not notice anything unusual about the object and his opinion did not waver from his original impression; that is, that the object was a bright star. However, since Mr. Barnes, who was the only one to have seen the object before in a horizontal direction, insisted that the object was something strange, Lt Colonel Shafer deferred to this opinion.

- page 15 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object. The text portion of the document appears to be a report on an encounter with this object, providing details such as the object's movement, altitude, and appearance. As an OCR system, I will produce the following text found in the document:

that this had happened, Colonel Shafer decided to chase the object in an F-51. Colonel Shafer reported to the observers at various times during his climb to altitude and said that at no time during the climb did the angle of elevation (about 40°) between him and the object vary, neither did the azimuth vary. According to Colonel Shafer, the object was at an altitude of between 38,000 to 39,000 feet, according to his radar, and the object was observed during the entire flight.

Colonel Shafer stated that he climbed at the maximum permissible rate, but that the object remained at a constant distance from him. When seen from the ground, the object did not change its position in the sky. Colonel Shafer stated that he reached an indicated altitude of 38,000 feet but that he could not approach the object and decided to discontinue the pursuit since his oxygen supply system maintained a pressure altitude of only 30,000 feet. He did remember that as he gained altitude the intensity of the object increased, but this only strengthened his opinion that the object was at a great distance.

The astronomer notified Colonel Shafer that the angle of elevation and the general bearing of the object corresponded with the position of the planet Venus at this time of year.

Comments of Intelligence Department Representatives:
8 March 1950 was the plane of Venus. Mr. Barnes, who first observed the object, is on the Headquarters staff, and this incident no doubt affected his duties. A morning mist was present on 8 March and this mist may have caused the appearance of a luminous sphere traveling at a rather high rate of speed. It is shown by photograph that this object was observed before sunrise (at approximately 0600) and that the sky was beginning to become quite bright, and that the movement of this object was similar to the appearance of the planet Venus when first visible in the morning.

Mr. Barnes notified several other people to this story could be confirmed; however, all of these witnesses saw the object at approximately the same time, which is 1600-1700, and watched it ascend in a direction from NNE to SSW. This corresponds to the general direction of Venus. It is therefore concluded that the object was, in all probability, the planet Venus, and that some unusual phenomena such as peculiarities of light refraction gave the appearance of a luminous sphere traveling at high speed.

DEGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFICATION AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing the investigation of unknown radar targets.

Mr. A. H. Sullivan
Mr. R. A. Johnson
Investigation of Unknown Radar Targets

At approximately 11:30 AM, 9 March 1950, Mr. B. L. Johnson and the writer were informed that unidentified targets had been detected on the radar screen at the 84th Fighter Wing at Hamilton Air Force Base. It was observed that the targets were moving at a speed of approximately 700 to 800 mph and altered course erratically. The writer and Mr. Johnson proceeded to the 84th Fighter Wing and observed the targets on the radar screen. They were observed to be traveling at approximately 700 to 800 mph and making erratic maneuvers. It was determined that the targets were unidentified.

The text indicates that the document discusses the investigation of unknown radar targets detected at Hamilton Air Force Base on March 9, 1950. The targets were observed to be moving at high speeds and making erratic maneuvers. No photograph is present in this image.

- page 17 -

