Here is the text I can read from the document:

18/4/50 (?)

18 April 50
Clarendon, Texas
Memphis, Texas
Ground Visual Pilot

27 April 1950

0620-0700 hrs (4 hours)

Silvery Metallic

Above ......

20 Minutes

Lateral Movement

Astro (Venus)


- page 1 -

LOS ANGELES AF PROCUREMENT FIELD OFFICE
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND
155 W. WASHINGTON BLVD.
P. O. BOX 3249 TERMINAL ANNEX
LOS ANGELES 54, CALIFORNIA                MCPFT/C84/wmb

SUBJECT: Report on Observation of an Unidentified Object
         In the Sky

TO:     Commanding General
        Air Material Command
        Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
        Dayton, Ohio
        Attention: MCP

1.      Forwarded for your information is a copy of a report
prepared by a Northrop Aircraft Inc. pilot in regard to an
identified object observed in the sky in the vicinity of Memphis,
Texas, on 18 April 1950.

2.      This material has been classified "Confidential" pending
the evaluation of its contents and decision by Headquarters, Air
Material Commd.

FOR THE CHIEF, LOS ANGELES AF PROCUREMENT FIELD OFFICE:

                                    CHARLES E. MOORE
                                    Major, USAF
1 Incl                             Chief, Flight Operations
Rpt by Max Stanley
dtd 27 Apr 50

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

C O P Y

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

NORTHROP AIRCRAFT,
MEMORANDUM
AVOID VERBAL ORDERS

Lt. Col.                                                From:
Subject: Observation of Unidentified Object
          in the Sky in Vicinity of Memphis,
          Texas, on 18 April 1950

Date: 27 April 1950

Ref.:

On 17 April 1950 a flight was made from Northrop Field, Hawthorne, California, to Amarillo, Texas, in connection with Project MK-775. The airplane used for this flight was F-51G No. AF 2867, with a three-man crew consisting of Lloyd Balsam and Sam F. West as observers, and the under-signed as pilot.

Shortly before departing from Amarillo on 18 April 1950 for the return flight to Northrop Field, I was requested by the Amarillo Airport office to call the local CAA radio range station on the telephone. Upon contacting the CAA office I was informed that the CAA observers in Clarendon, Texas, had under observation an unidentified object in the sky. This object had been observed since 9:00 A.M. (it was then approximately 12:00 noon Amarillo time), and was described as a silvery object with an orange glow around its periphery. The Clarendon observers in conjunction with observers at Childress, Texas, had triangulated its position as being in the vicinity of Memphis, Texas. I was requested to fly to the position of the object for a closer observation.

After reaching an altitude of approximately 20,000 feet in the vicinity of Memphis, Texas, an object was sighted to the southeast of our position. It was at a considerable distance and could be detected only by the intermittent reflection of sunlight on what appeared to be a metallic surface; it could have been another airplane. A heading was taken toward this object and radio communication established with the Amarillo range station. Amarillo radio was questioned as to the possibility of other aircraft being in the area at an altitude of 30,000 feet or above; they advised that no other aircraft at that altitude were known to be in the area, but that a B-36 had taken off from Fort Worth, Texas, to search for and observe the object but had not yet flown into the vicinity of Memphis.

After flying toward the object for approximately 10 minutes, it began to take form and appeared as if it might be a weather balloon. Amarillo radio was then questioned

UNCLASSIFIED

Classification Changed
OR Charged to:
Auth: HQ USAF
Date: 13 Jul 54
By XXXXXX


- page 3 -

NORTHROP AIRCRAFT
MEMORANDUM
AVOID VERBAL ORDERS

To: Lt. Col. [redacted]
Subject: Observation of Unidentified Object in the Sky in Vicinity of Memphis, Texas, on 18 April 1950
From: [redacted]
Date: 27 April 1950
Ref.: [blank]

[Full text continues as follows, verbatim:]

as to this possibility. After contacting the local weather station, they advised that it could not possibly be a weather balloon. Inasmuch as it had been observed continuously in the same area for approximately four hours and that the winds aloft were such as to preclude the possibility of a free balloon remaining visible from the ground for that length of time.

At this time the object was lost from sight due to a deck of cirrus clouds; the object went behind or into this cloud layer. Flight was continued on the same heading for approximately another five minutes. The object then reappeared slightly to our right and above us; our altitude at that time was approximately 30,000 feet and very close to the base of the cloud deck. The object appeared to be much closer to us than when last seen. However, it is impossible to make an estimate of its distance inasmuch as the size of the object was unknown. My best estimate of its apparent size would be that its diameter was one half that of a full moon when viewed directly overhead.

The object was of a silvery metallic color with a translucent quality; no orange ring or other evidence of color was observed. The shape of the object was sphere-like with prominent dents on the top and bottom, and with a dark trail or shadow connecting these dents. For the most part, this shadow was vertical and appeared to tilt occasionally, resulting in a sideways movement of the object. The motion was not rapid and any movement was of short duration. There was no visible or apparent means of propulsion.

During the period of this observation, radio contact was established with the B-36 airplane and a description of the object was given to them, but I was not able to establish my definite position above the ground. The B-36 reports that they were above the cloud layer at 46,000 feet and were unable to sight the object.

The object was again lost from sight due to its going behind or into a cloud. After circling in the vicinity of the last visual contact for approximately five minutes, the object was again sighted for about 30 seconds in a break

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 4 -

NORTHROP AIRCRAFT, INC.
MEMORANDUM
AVOID VERBAL ORDERS

To: Lt. Col. [redacted]                                From: [redacted]
Subject: Observation of Unidentified Object           Date: 27 April 1950
           in the Sky in Vicinity of Memphis,          Ref.:
           Texas, on 18 April 1950

between two clouds. After this contact it was necessary
that we descend due to depletion of the ship's oxygen
supply.

It is estimated that 20 minutes elapsed between the
time of first sighting the object and losing sight of it
for the second time. During this period a constant east-
erly heading was maintained while climbing from 20,000
feet to 30,000 feet at an average altitude and indicated
speed of 150 mph.

Two or three minutes after commencing the descent from
30,000 feet, the B-36 reported that they too were leaving
the area due to fuel shortage and that they had been un-
successful in sighting the object.

Mr. Lloyd Balsam, who was riding in the gunner's sta-
tion in the airplane, is a graduate of the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology, S.B. He is West 1st a graduate of
the University of California, and for five years was em-
ployed in the Radiation Laboratory at the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology.

Both of the above observers are familiar with this
report, and are in agreement with the statements made herein.
Further, we all agree that the object sighted was not an
airplane, balloon, celestial body, or any other object
commonly seen above the earth.

[Signature]
Max Stanley
Engineering Test Pilot

Classification changed to UNCLASSIFIED
Auth: ACIC-LR-AF
By: [redacted]
Date: 17 Aug 51

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 5 -

RESTRICTED

Basic 1st fm Los Angeles AF Procurement Fld Office to CJ AMC, HQ AF, ATTN: VCP, "Report on Observation of an Unidentified Object in the Sky"

Hq AMC, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio

TO: Chief, Los Angeles AF Procurement Field Office, Air Materiel Command, 155 W. Washington Blvd., P.O. Box 384,9 Terminal Annex, Los Angeles 54, California

1. The report forwarded in the basic letter has been routed to the organization interested in these matters.

2. Due to the nature of the report in question, the information may be downgraded from Confidential to Restricted.

BY COMMAND OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL CHIDLAW

1 Incl
w/4

FRANK L. DUNN
Colonel, USAF
Actg Chief, Intelligence Department

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 6 -

Basic ltr fm Los Angeles AF Procurement Fld Office to CG AMC, T-2 AFB, ATTN: MCP, "Report on Observation of an Unidentified Object in the Sky"

1st Ind     MCIAA-1/J3R/peg

Hq AMC, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio   MAY 25 1950

TO:   Chief, Los Angeles AF Procurement Field Office, Air Material Command, 125 W. Washington Blvd., P.O. Box 3649 Terminal Annex, Los Angeles 54, California

1. The report forwarded in the basic letter has been routed to the organization interested in these matters.

2. Due to the nature of the report in question, the information may be downgraded from Confidential to Restricted.

BY COMMAND OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL CHIDLAW:

1 Incl    FRANK K. DUNN
n/d       Colonel, USAF
          Actg Chief, Intelligence Department

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 7 -

