The image contains a form with text information about a UFO sighting, but there is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

A'TIC: N?. - - 
DATE OP Tl '?*> 27 June 1950
LOCATION I exarkana, Texas
SOURCE: Civilian
DATE IN TO AFIC:
COLOR: Bright Aluminum 
SIZE: 18" wide, 5" deep at 15 Ft.
HEIGHT: H to 3
HO. IN GROUP: 1
SOUND: -
DURATION: sec.
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground
REMARKS: UNIDENTIFIED

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book files.

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY
OFFICE OF THE AC of S, G-2
POST San Houston, Texas
000.9 AK--BB-3        17 July 1950
SUBJECT: Unidentified aerial Phenomena
TO:  Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTENTION: HOT 7

The following report(s) re unidentified aerial phenomena observed at Red River Arsenal on date and time indicated, forwarded for your information:

OBSERVER  DATE  TIME
Mr. _____, Texarkana, Arkansas  27 June 1950  7:50 A.M.
Mr. _____, Texarkana, Arkansas

1 Incl
as stated

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically incident report number 1 from the Ordnance Department at the Red River Arsenal in Texarkana, Texas, dated June 29, 1950.

UNCLASSIFIED
ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT
RED RIVER ARSENAL
TEXARKANA, TEXAS

DO NOT RECORD

29 June 1950

Incident No. 1

TO : Commanding General
Headquarters Fourth Army
Fort Sam Houston, Texas
ATTN: AC of S, G-2

1. Date of observation: 27 June 1950. Date of interview: 28 June 1950.
2. Exact time of observation (local) - 7:50 A.M.
3. Place of observation: 2992.60 - 667.01. Intersection of Van Buren
Street and Fourth Street in the town of the local area, Red River Arsenal.
This is the position of the observer. Object was observed and appeared to be over coordinates 2992.01 - 667.01.
4. When first observed, observer was in a Federal truck headed south on
Van Buren Street at the intersection of Fourth Street. Notice was
attracted to the object by its bright appearance. Observer noticed
an oval shaped object of bright aluminum color which flashed forward and
glanced up through the right front portion of the windshield and
then moved out of sight. Observation continued through the last door window
which put the vehicle headed west and observation continued through
the last door window.
5. Object appeared bright and glittering. This attracted attention.
6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping: One. See
sketch attached.
7. Apparent size (compare to known objects, i.e... sun, moon, thumb or
finger at arms length): Described as appearing to be as large as
an ordinary automobile. Details could not be discerned due to the
bright aluminum appearance.
8. Color of objects: bright aluminum.
9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object): Object
observed was spherical in shape, about the size of an automobile, and
looked rather like the upper portion of an automobile with fins on the
side. No visible openings or details could be observed.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on an unidentified aerial object sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED

Subject: Spot Report, Unidentified Aerial Object 29 June 1950

10. Altitude (angle of elevation): 0 degrees - elevation: 0 degrees - horizon - 0 degrees. Estimated elevation of object: 75°, the other observer estimated 70°.

11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from north): When first observed, vehicle of observer was headed south and object was at 270°.

12. Distance of observers (distance from building, etc. over which objects appeared to be): 2995-01 and 667.00 are the coordinates of the building. Observers were at the Arsenal, and object appeared to be above this building when first sighted.

13. Direction of flight of objects: Object appeared to be travelling from north to south.

14. Time in sight: Approximately 4 to 5 seconds.

15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Unknown. Observers stated object "plenty fast".

16. Sound and color: None. Observers are positive.

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.): None. Observers are positive.

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, or other means): Observers indicated that they thought object appeared to have gone through a low flying cloud, at which time the brilliancy and glittering seemed to disappear after object passed through cloud.

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.): None. Observers are positive.

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. - sketch of flight path): Straight level flight.

21. Manner of disappearance: Object just seemed to get smaller and smaller until it disappeared.

22. Effect on clouds: See number 18.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book archive.

UNCLASSIFIED

Subject: Spot Report, Unidentified Aerial Object  29 June 1950

24. Weather conditions at time of sighting: Clear, sun shining, no cloud overhead.
25. Name and address of observer: [REDACTED] - employed by Red River Arsenal. (2) [REDACTED] - employee, Red River Arsenal, mechanically inclined technician who has no problems spectatator. Both persons employed in the Maintenance & Mechanic section, Ammunition Division, Red River Arsenal.

COMMENTS of interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observers:
The character and integrity of the observers is beyond reproach. The observers are reputable citizens and persons of high standing in the community. Both observers were wearing glasses, plain lens as prescribed by a doctor. Motion 20/20 vision. Both observers while viewing the object were looking through either a glass window of a door or a glass windshield. There was no sound, no glow, wings, projections, antennae or other visible means of propulsion. The object did not leave any trail, vapor or residue of any kind, and they did not see any vapor, smoke or other small visible indications that it did not have any motive power.

1 Incl
Map
J. A. MATCHAN
Capt, ORD DEPT
Intelligence Officer

- page 5 -

