Here is the text from the document:

ATIC NO. ---

AF NO. ---

WP NO. ---

DATE OF POINT 18 Aug 50

"TITLE OF INCIDENT" Betw. 2000 & 2030

SHAPE Circular

SIZE ---

COURSE ---

NO. IN GROUP 1

PHOTOS ---

Temporary ATIC Form 329
(2 Jan 52)

PLACE OF INCIDENT St. John's, Newfoundland

SUMMARY Very colorful description, very bright orange-red yellowish cream-white

ALTITUDE 1000-5000 ft. altitude

TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground

MARKING Performed Arc.

REMARKS: One observer stated he was positive object was a meteor.


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
NEWFOUNDLAND BASE COMMAND
PEPPERRELL AIR FORCE BASE
APO 682, C/O POSTMASTER, N.Y., N.Y.

IN REPLY
REFER TO 383.6

10/OSI/WGL/ba

AUG 19 1950

SUBJECT: Transmittal Report of Investigation
WFBO/OSI 24-185 30 July 1950.

TO : Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Transmitted herewith is OSI report of investigation 24-185 for your information and disposition.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

1 Incl
OSI Report 24-185
(2 copies)

[Signature]
W. W. BOWDEN
Captain, USAF
Asst Adj Gen

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR. 5200.10


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

(Unclassified) UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT Sighted
SPECIAL INQUIRY

Documents & Dissemination Br, Directorate of
Intelligence, DCS/O

Counter Intelligence Div, Office of Special
Investigations, The Inspector General

Lt Col Mold/bjw/53623
AFCSI

Attached for your information are Spot Intelligence Reports concerning captioned
subject, dated 31 July 1950, 18 August 1950, and 21 August 1950.

3 Incls
1.SIR re abv subj fr Hqs
Newfoundland Base Command
dtd 31 Jul 50
2.SIR re abv subj fr Hqs
Newfoundland Base Command
dtd 18 Aug 50
3.SIR re abv subj fr Hqs
Newfoundland Base Command
dtd 21 Aug 50

GILBERT R. LEVY
Actg Chief, Counter Intelligence Div
Office of Special Investigations
The Inspector General

When Incl No. ____ (are) withdrawn
or not attached, the classification of
this correspondence
will be cancelled in accordance with
par 36b, AFR 205-1.

Disclosure of the nature, source, or scope of investigative information in the report
or to other persons is not authorized. No information may be released except by
proper authority.

30 July - Meteor

UNCLASSIFIED

AF222591-1


- page 3 -

UNCLASSIFIED

OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS

                                                                31 July 1950

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

SUBJECT:    Unconventional Aircraft sighted in vicinity St. John's, Nfld., 30 July 50 by Mr. Roland Hann.

TO:         Commander
            Military Air Transport Service
            Washington 25, D. C.
            ATTN: Office of Special Investigations

1. Synopsis:

Various persons in the vicinity of St. John's, Newfoundland have reported that on the evening of 30 July 50 at approximately 2015 hours, an unconventional aircraft was seen flying over the area North of Pepperrell Air Force Base and St. John's, Newfoundland. Detailed descriptions of the object were varied and few definite details could be established. Estimates of size, shape and speed varied widely but the general consensus of opinion was that the aircraft did not attain any extraordinary rate of speed while in sight. Some witnesses indicate that object may have struck ground in the vicinity of Pepperrell Air Force Base but to date it has not been found or reported.

2. Details:

On 31 July 50 Mr. [redacted] of Kings Road, St. John's, Nfld., a painter with G. S. Parsons was interviewed and reported that at approximately 2012 hours, 30 July 50, I was sitting on the top of the hill at the ball park in St. John's with my 9 year old son. He kept looking toward the buildings at Pepperrell and asking, what's this building and so on. As we looked, I saw a strange object in the sky near the area of the towers on the far side of the base. "I was a blunt headed object, perhaps two or three feet in diameter, and at least 10 feet long. It was moving fast and trailing a brilliant stream of flame. It was only in sight about three or four seconds, and was gone. It seemed to appear from behind the hills.

On 31 July 50 [redacted] 1952-1 MACS, Pepperrell AFB, Nfld was interviewed and reported he was on 1600 hours to 2400 hours shift at White Hills, transmitter site, Pepperrell AFB, Nfld on 30 July 50. At approximately 2020 hours, he was [redacted]. At a distance he heard a distinct thud an a someone had a jeep door or something similar, but not as sharp a sound, more

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 4 -

Subject: Unconventional Aircraft Sighted in Vicinity St. John's Newfoundland, 30 July 50

UNCLASSIFIED

like something hitting the ground. In its not that it was far away. In fact, he arose and looked around - thinking it might be the O.D.'s Jeep on his routine check but he saw nothing.

On 31 July 50
AF5, Mfld. was interviewed and reported that at about 2015 hours, 30 July 50 he was coming to the base in his car along Cudel Viaduct Blvd. and saw an object described below come out of the crossover above the hill behind the base incinerator. It was approximately the size of a C-47 fuselage perhaps a little longer considering the flare. It broke through about 1000 feet above the top of the hill at about 45° travelling toward the road. The object was alone.

It was travelling directly toward the tower at White Hills. The first section appeared to be a yellowish red color, the rest was the color of fire, but he could not say if it was a flame or not. The actual flame appeared to be a very hot first and extended approximately 80 feet behind and was about 10 feet in diameter. He noticed no exhaust, no smoke, it was so quiet. The speed was too fast to notice any detail. He could hear no wing. It was travelling: at about 250 r.p.m. It disappeared down behind the White Hills transmitter site. It did not change in appearance from the time he saw it until it disappeared.

It did not appear as a motor but rather from out at sea. He has not shooting stars but this did not appear like same. He was completely sober at the time.

On 31 July 50
AF5, Mfld. was interviewed and reported that at about 2015, 30 July 50 he saw something that flashed in from the sea toward White Hills and died out. It looked like a meteor. It was approximately 4 feet in diameter and had a bright red flame behind - circular in shape and appeared like a ball of fire. It was from the object. It was an oval, approximately 1½ feet, no smoke, no sound, weather was fairly clear. No wind, short and flat, not a long trail or head. No jet openings or exhaust visible. No surface or other lift apparent. As he watched, it darkened right over site at White Hills and went out all at once. Nothing and he could no longer see the object. It appeared to fall like something. He was walking toward base and facing direct at time.

3. Action: Intelligence and Air Report Marshal at Newfoundland
Base Command notified 31 July 1950.

[Signature]
C. L. BENSON
1st Lt., USAF
A- Inspector

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

FILE NO.
REPORT MADE BY
S/A Ralph O. Robillard

DATE
18 August 1950

REPORT MADE AT
Pepperrell AFB, Newfoundland

TITLE
Unconventional Aircraft
30 July 1950, St. John's, Nfld.

PERIOD
31 July - 18 August 1950
OFFICE OF ORIGIN
D.O. #4
STATUS
E.U.O.

CHARACTER
Special Inquiry-Unconventional Aircraft

REFERENCE
ATCH LTR. 106

SYNOPSIS
Various persons in the vicinity of St. John's, Newfoundland have reported that on the evening of 30 July '50 at approximately 2015 hours, an unconventional aircraft was seen flying over the area North of Pepperrell Air Force Base and St. John's, Newfoundland. Detailed descriptions of the object were varied and few definite details could be established. Estimates of size, shape and speed varied widely but the general consensus of opinion was that the aircraft did not obtain any extraordinary rate of speed while in sight. Some witnesses indicate that object may have struck ground in the vicinity of Pepperrell Air Force Base but to date it has not been found or reported.

DETAILS:
This is a joint investigation of [redacted]

[Witness statement partially redacted] painter of Kings Road, St. John's, Newfoundland was interviewed and stated at approximately 2012 hours, 30 July '50, I was sitting on the top of the hill at the ball park in St. John's with my 8 year old son. He kept looking toward the buildings at Pepperrell and asking, what's this building and so on. As we looked, I saw a strange object in the sky near the area of the towers on the far side of the base. It was a blunt headed object, perhaps two or three feet in diameter, and at least 10 feet long. It was moving fast and trailing a brilliant stream of flame. It was only in sight about three or four seconds, and was gone. It seemed to appear from behind the hills.

DISTRIBUTION
CG AMC - 2
HQ MATS - 2
OSI - 2
CO PEPPERRELL - 2
File - 2

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO
Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

APPROVED
CARL M. SWENSON
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Air Inspector

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 6 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Lt. Col. [redacted], Director of Intelligence, Pepperrell AFB, Nfld. was interviewed and stated, between 2000 and 2030 local time, 30 July 1950, while in-bound to St. John's on Topsail Road, the undersigned sighted an unidentified object at about 30 to 40 degree angle above the horizon traveling in an northeasterly direction. Object resembled meteor or shooting star in general appearance but was too close (estimated 5 or 6 miles) and too low (estimated 5,000 or 6,000 feet) to be a meteor. Object was travelling in a flat arc, had brilliant greenish glow which burned out just before striking the ground at a distance estimated to have been 6 to 10 miles northwest of St. John's. Object was assumed to have been some sort of signal flare or rocket although the distance traveled and evident size of object gave a different appearance from normal signal flares.

Lt. Col. [redacted] of Pepperrell AFB, Nfld. was interviewed and stated he saw, at approximately 8:00-8:30 o'clock 30 July 1950, an aerial object shoot across the sky from southeast to northwest. He stated that it travelled in an almost horizontal line but had a definite arc. He stated that he was positive it was a meteor, the most beautiful he had ever seen.

M/Sgt [redacted], AACS Pepperrell AFB, Nfld. was interviewed and stated, at about 2015, 30 July 50 I saw something that flashed in from the west toward White Hills and did out. It looked like a meteor to me. It was approximately four feet in diameter and had a bright red flame behind it. It appeared circular in shape and appeared like a ball of fire. I was 1½ miles from the object. It was in fairly level flight at about 2,500 feet, no smoke, no sound, weather was fairly clear, flame behind was short and flat, not a long trail or pointed. No wings or other lift apparent. No jet openings or exhaust ports visible. No visible control surfaces. As I watched, it darkened right over the transmitter at White Hills and went out all at once. Nothing appeared to fall and I could no longer see the object. No apparent explosion. I have previously seen meteors but never that close to the ground.

S/Sgt [redacted], AACS Pepperrell AFB, Nfld. was interviewed and stated, at about 2015 hours, 30 July 50 I was coming to the base in my car along Quid Blvd. and I saw an object described below come out of the overcast above the hill behind the base incinerator. It was approximately the size of a C-47 fuselage perhaps a little longer condensed. The first time through about 1000 feet above the top of the hill at about 45° travelling toward the ground. The object was alone. It was travelling directly toward the tower at Whiz Hills. The first section appeared to be a yellowish cream color, the rest was the color of fire, but I could not say if it was a flame or not. The actual flame appeared to be a very hot flame and extended approximately 30 feet behind and was about 10 feet in diameter. I could see no smoke. I could hear no sound whatsoever. I noticed no effect on the clouds, it was so quick. The speed was too fast to notice any detail. I could see no wings. It was travelling at about

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 7 -

UNCLASSIFIED

8.

280 i.e.s. It disappeared down behind the White Hills transmitter site. It
did not change in appearance from the time I saw it until it disappeared. It
did not appear as a meteor but rather from out at sea. I have seen shooting
stars but this did not appear the same. I was completely sober at the time.

[Redacted name] 3255th Air Base Group, Pepperrell AFB, Nfld. was interviewed and stated that at approximately 2000 hours, 30 July '50, I
was just crossing the bridge over Virginia Waters, Pepperrell AFB going towards NE Headquarters. I looked up and saw an object over the valley at
the top of White Hills near the transmitter site. It was travelling at a
rather high rate of speed and was in sight for approximately one full second.
It was moving in a shell- forward arc and disappeared in the vicinity of
the White Hills transmitter site. It looked as if it struck the ground.
It appeared yellowish red in color, and was in appearance at that distance
(one mile away) the size of a soft ball (5" in diameter). I could see no
details other than that it was round in appearance. No smoke that I recall. The object appeared to be spinning and it had a considerable flame
and spark trail behind it. There was no distinguishable sound. It was
brightly aflame as long as I could see it.

[Redacted name] AB Group, Pepperrell AFB, Nfld. was interviewed and stated that at approximately 2000 hours, 30 July '50, I was coming into Kelligrew, Nfld. from Argentina, Nfld. with my husband. We were both in the front seat and driving slowly when I saw a streak going across the sky like a lighted torch from the right to the left in front of us. It was impossible to tell the distance but the sky was overcast. It broke out of a cloud and after travelling a short way, disappeared into another cloud. It had no effect on the clouds that I could see. It appeared like a ball of fire with a long fiery tail like a comet. It was travelling at a terrific speed, or so it seemed.

Mr. [Redacted name], Newfoundland, was interviewed and gave substantially the same report as his wife. He also stated, I have seen such items before in this area and it is not unusual. It appeared as a very brilliant ball of fire with a long trail like a comet. It appeared to be a long way off. The sky was heavily overcast and we only saw it through the break. It disappeared behind a cloud.

Chaplain [Redacted name] AACS, Pepperrell AFB, Nfld. was interviewed and stated, I was on 1600 hours to 2400 hours shift at White Hills, transmitter site, Pepperrell AFB, Nfld. on 30 July 50. At approximately 2020 hours, I was on my bunk reading and I heard a distinct thud as if someone had closed a jeep door or something similar, but not as sharp a sound, more like something hitting the ground. I do not think it was far away. In fact, I arose and looked around thinking it might be the O.D.'s jeep on his routine check but I could see nothing.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 8 -

UNCLASSIFIED

M.Sgt [illegible] and the writer conducted a ground survey in the vicinity of the White Hills near the transmitter site but no material of a questionable nature could be located.

STATUS: Referred Upon Completion to Office of Origin.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 9 -

