PROJECT 10078 RECORD

1. DATE, TIME GROUP: 5 November 50 05/194?Z

2. LOCATION: Jonesville, Louisiana

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (TX)

7. COURSE: NW

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Most likely A/C controls, but not enough information to evaluate case.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object went up to the Northwest. There were twin exhausts, such as made by jet planes, but the exhausts did not stay parallel. Object was so bright and shiny he couldn't tell anything about its shape or size.

FORM FTD SEP 63-0-329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

QUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THIS INSPECTOR GENERAL
Office of Special Investigations

9th OSI District
Barksdale AFB, La.

7 November 1950

IN REPLY REFER TO:

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

SUBJECT: Reports of Unconventional Aircraft

TO: Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.

1. SYNOPSIS: Recent reports of sightings of unconventional aircraft in Louisiana are, briefly, as follows:

a. A simultaneous sighting by father and son, residents of New Orleans, on 10 October 1950, of a noiseless, bright object at a great altitude.

b. Twelve (12) bright, round, diving and spinning objects seen from a window in New Orleans, on 10 or 11 October 1950.

c. The Shreveport Times of 7 November 1950, in a special report from Jonesville, describes hovering objects seen by members of a farmer's family on 6 November 1950.

A letter to the Editor of The Times Picayune, New Orleans, Louisiana, on 19 October 1950, described the sighting of the "flying saucers" in 1947. The New Orleans Item, on 17 October 1950, editorially, commented about "flying saucers" observed by two (2) Miami Airlines, Inc. pilots on the preceding Sunday, and by Commander [name redacted], last February.

2. DETAILS:

a. [Names redacted], and his son, both residents of New Orleans, Louisiana, were interviewed by a Special Agent of the Office of Special Investigations, on 13 and 24 October 1950, respectively, and reported, simultaneously, the sighting of an unconventional flying object. Details as submitted by the LARRIEU's:

(1) Time: 0715 hours, 10 October 1950. Object was under observation from five (5) to ten (10) minutes.

[Bottom of document shows declassification markings and "UNCLASSIFIED" stamp]


- page 2 -

Spot Intelligence Report, DO #9, 7 Nov 50, Subj Report of Unconventional Aircraft

(8) Location: Observers were in the neighborhood of the Residence in the northeast portion of New Orleans. Observation was first seen at an azimuth of approximately 45 degrees True and was traveling in a northerly direction. The observers estimated that the object was flying at an altitude of at least one (1) mile.

(8) Manner of Observation: Visual from the ground.

(4) Weather Conditions: Bright sun, no clouds.

(5) Description of Object:

(a) According to [redacted]: Size and shape of a joint of stove pipe, 25 feet by 5 to 6 inches.

(b) According to [redacted]: Shaped like the side view of a saucer, 30 to 40 feet long and 5 to 4 feet thick.

(c) Object glowed bright with a whitish-blue light. Both observers saw "peculiar" spots before their eyes for one to two minutes after starting at the object.

[Redacted] reported that the object was composed of bright lights such flattened like a disc on a diamond. The object made no noise and left no visible exhaust trail. No estimate of speed was made. The object faded in the distance until 11 was a minute speck of light and then disappeared - not below the horizon. Domestic ducks of the area, although sounded to the appearance of normal aircraft, indicated alarm at the noiseless flying object.

(c) No meteorological condition was indicated which might account for the sighting. No physical evidence was obtained.

(7) [Redacted] advised that he has been in military service and is familiar with the appearance of normal aircraft.

b. Mrs. [Redacted], New Orleans, Louisiana, on 12 October 1950, reported unidentified flying objects seen by her as follows:

(1) Time: 10 or 11 October 1950 (hour unknown).

(2) Location of Observer: Charity Hospital, New Orleans, Louisiana. Objects circled in a northerly direction.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10


- page 3 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Spot Intelligence Report, DO #9, 7 Nov 50, subj: Reported Un conventional Aircraft.

from the Hospital. They were more than a mile distant, but "not extremely high".

(a) Manner of Observation: Visual from a window of Hospital. Observed for approximately two (2) hours.

(d) Description: Twelve (12) shiny, apparently metallic, diving, spinning objects with round bodies and short wings. Objects were motionless and left no visible exhaust trails. They appeared to be constantly spinning. No definite pattern of formation was maintained. Color was bright gray to opaleens.

(e) Advised that she has flown as a passenger on private airplanes many times.

(f) No physical evidence was obtainable. No meteorological conditions were reported which could have accounted for this sighting.

9. The Shreveport Times of 7 November 1950, carried the following account of "Flying discs" reportedly sighted by members of a family of Jonesville, Louisiana, on 5 November 1950:

"Jonesville, Nov 6 (Special) - 'Flying saucers' made their first reported appearance over Catahoula Sunday - at the little river farm of _______ southeast of Jonesville.

"About 1:45 p.m. _______ the family cooks, was on her way home after washing the dinner dishes. She rushed back into the _______ house shouting, 'there's ghosts done come after me right in the broad open daylight. They're hovering right out over the trees.'

"Six members of the _______ family rushed outside to see the saucer, which by that time had risen to an estimated height of 50 feet above the ground.

"S.Y. _______ said what they saw was 'a bright and shiny we couldn't tell anything about its shape or size'.

"As they watched, he said, the saucers went up to the northwest. There were twin exhausts, such as made by jet planes, but the exhausts did not stay parallel, he said.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 16 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

(INSUFF)


- page 4 -

Spot Intelligence Report, DO #6, 7 Nov 50, subj: Reports of Unconventional Aircraft.

[Redacted] said he got a pocket telescope and watched the [redacted] but could never see plainly what was along of the vapor trails. The object did not hurry "it took its time and disappeared from sight in about five minutes."

At the last, he stated, the vapor trail appeared to be red and then bluish.

"The [redacted] said that there were two of them things over the tractor shed and they were long and round like a cigar."

d. The New Orleans Station on 10 October 1950, carried the following report of the observations made by the [redacted]: "It wasn't shaped like a saucer," he said, "but more like a loaf of bread." He said it was loafing along, "way up."

[Redacted] said the slow-flying object had no wings and made "no noise whatever." "It was extra bright, not like the sun was shining on a plane," he said. "It was blinking like a star. From where we were standing, it appeared to be 20 to 24 inches long. It was extremely high." He said they watched the object for about five minutes. It was moving in a northerly direction, he said. He didn't say whether it was shaped like a loaf of French bread or the American style rectangular loaf.

e. The following letter was printed in the New Orleans Times Picayune, of 19 October 1950:

"Editor, The Times-Picayune - "I read again this morning of those two pilots who didn't believe in 'flying saucers' but who actually saw them and now believe.

"Some time ago a soldier in Arizona said he saw a rocket ship. Well, you can tell those soldiers that he was seeing things because I believe I saw it too.

"You see it was this way. Back in 1947 we were out on the lake skimming. It was just before sundown. I was lying on my back on the top step of the seawall, when I had the feeling that somebody was staring at me. Well, I turned my head and looked around, but nobody was looking at me.

"All of a sudden I looked up at the sky and there was this object. It looked to me, at the moment like a big rock. I kept my eye on it and called to the others to look at it, but all of a sudden it made two puffs of flame and smoke and was gone. It traveled a little way with the first puff, but with the second puff it was gone.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 5 -

Spot Intelligence Report, DO #9, 7 Nov 50, subj: Reports of Unconventional Aircraft

UNCLASSIFIED

"I have kept quiet about it all this time, but now I felt I must write and tell you about it. Signed MRS."

7. The New Orleans Item of 17 October 1950, editorially, speculated concerning the sighting on the preceding Sunday, of four "saucers" in formation by Miami Airlines, Inc., pilots and the additional anonymous claim on the claims of sights last February by Commander _______, a USN Missile Export, and concluded, "... is it possible that the three groups of expert observers could have been mistaken about the Air Force report, which claims to have spent two years investigating such reports, has said 'definitely mistakes.' We hesitate to call the Air Force Investigators liars. Likewise, we hesitate to question the expert opinion of trained aerial observers and airplane pilots. In fact, we don't care my what we believe about flying saucers."

8. ACTION: None contemplated by this headquarters.

[Signed]
JOHN C. McKENNON
Lt Colonel, USAF
District Commander

Copies furnished:
-cdg, AMC, Attn: MCIGS
(in duplicate)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

[A word appears to be blacked out at the bottom, which appears to be "CONFIDENTIAL"]


- page 6 -

