The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned page of a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

ATIC NO. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
AF NO. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Jacksonville, Fla.
CIVIL
DATE OF REPORT  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - July 9, 1950
TIME OF OBSERVATION  - - - - - - - - - - - 6:15 a.m.
TYPE OF OBSERVATION  - - - - - - - - - - - Ground
WEATHER CONDITIONS  - - - - - - - - - - - Light and violet
ALTITUDE  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 500'
SPEED  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Swept in 3 to 15 minute intervals
NO. OF OBJECTS  - - - - - - - - - - - - - 2
DESCRIPTION  - Ovoid unlike heavy bombers
SOURCE MILITARY ATIC Form 329 (19 Jan 52)

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY
FORT MCPHERSON, GEORGIA

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft 

Commanding General
Air Material Command 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Attention: MCI (Control No. A-1917)

Enclosed herewith are newspaper clippings re "Flying Saucers" over Jacksonville, Florida.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

JOHN MEADE 
Colonel, GSC
AG of S, G-2

3 Incls:
1. Clipping fm FLA. TIMES UNION, 14 July 50
2. Clipping fm MIAMI HERALD, 15 July 50
3. Clipping fm FLA. TIMES UNION, 17 July 50

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
IAW DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a textual description of an object seen by a courthouse group. The description states that the object was observed by a large number of people and resembled a flying saucer. The text provides details about the appearance and behavior of the object, including that it was "distinctly seen" for several minutes and then disappeared from view. The image also includes the contact information for a Special Agent in Charge at the bottom.

OCR text output:

THE FLORIDA TIMES-UNION
JACKSONVILLE. FLORIDA
19 July 1950

Object Like Flying Saucer
Seen by Courthouse Group

A half hundred courthouse employees and as many passersby were convinced that they had seen a mysterious and rapidly growing object in the skies over Jacksonville shortly before 3:45 P.M. Monday. The object, which could be clearly "pinpointed" on the horizon, was described as round and aluminum in color. It appeared to be moving at a terrific speed as it approached the area, and was watched by the large group for several minutes before it disappeared from view.

Observers claim the object emitted no flery trail and made no sound as it moved silently through the air. A few persons claimed to have heard a faint "whirring" sound as the object passed overhead, but most of the crowd insisted they heard nothing.

The object was first sighted by a group of men employed at the courthouse. As the object came into view, others in the courthouse and passersby joined the observers. Estimates of the object's size ranged from 25 to 50 feet in diameter.

Conservative spectators claimed the object might be a weather balloon, but most of the onlookers were convinced that they had seen an unidentified aircraft of some kind. They described it as a "flying saucer" type of object.

Special Agent in Charge
P. 0. Box 430 c
Jacksonville 1, Florida

- page 3 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a newspaper article from the Miami Herald dated July 18, 1950, with the headline "Jaxons Awakened By Flying Saucers".

The text in the document is as follows:

MIAMI HERALD, 18 JULY 1950

Now They Roar Loudly

Jaxons Awakened By Flying Saucers

JACKSONVILLE, Fla., July 17 (UP) - Residents of Jacksonville reported seeing three flying saucers high in the sky early today.

Jacksonville Journal reporter Tom Veveska was among the first to report the incident. She said three objects moving at a speed of about 15,000 feet "were glowing from beneath with violet flashes forming a point," then stopped suddenly "and were wavering up and down like grasshoppers in a high wind."

Joe Noll, announcer at radio station WMBR, said he saw three of the objects at 3 a.m. "flashing a red light, flying in a circular motion at about 15,000 feet." 

Another report said the objects were moving "like a ball of fire" with the military services reportedly having knowledge of the sightings.

The military services reportedly have denied knowledge of the flying saucers.

DIGITAL AGENTS IN CHARGE
B. O. BOX 2879
MIAMI 22, FLORIDA

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or newspaper article about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

THE FLORIDA TIMES-UNION
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
11 JULY 1950

If You Ever Had Even a Wavering Doubt,
This Kills It; There Are Flying Saucers
By DOR WATTERSON
Jacksonville, Florida
Maybe what I saw this morning was not
something that has been called a flying
saucer, but I am convinced that there are
some queer objects buzzing through the
skies at night, and I am not the only one
who has witnessed them.
Just after midnight last night, I was on
my way home from work. Something flew
over the car in which I was riding, and it
wasn't an airplane. It was a strange, round
object with a greenish glow, and it seemed
to hover for a few seconds, then shoot off
at a terrific speed.
The driver of the car and another person
in the car saw the same thing I did.
Friends of mine have told me about seeing
similar objects in the sky, and some of them
have seen them on several occasions.
One man said he saw three of the things
one night, and they seemed to be playing
tag with each other, darting here and there
at a terrific speed.
Another friend said he saw one of the
objects hovering over his home one night. It
was a clear night, and the object remained
stationary for several minutes before
zooming off.
Those who have seen the things say they
are not airplanes, for they move too fast and

have no running lights. It didn't need
running lights.
Another strange object seemed to come
up from beneath (from the starting point)
with a glow that turned brighter and
brighter until it seemed to stand still at a
rate something like one would wind an
electric clock - gradually winding.
The thing was curving toward the
northwest. As it neared the horizon, it
seemed to straighten out and shoot off at a
terrific speed. This was observed by several
persons viewed from the rear. And in the
growing light, the thing seemed to
disappear behind the trees and a bank, just
as a streak across the sky, similar to that of
a shooting star.
This was no trick of the imagination, nor
a reflection of anything. It was a thing that
zoomed across the sky, curving and
returning, with a glowing light.
Those who have seen the things say they
are not airplanes, for they move too fast and
have no running lights. It didn't need
running lights. To those who have not seen
them, it is hard to believe. But to those who
have, there is no doubt. They are there!

Special Agent in Charge
J. C. FISHER, 2-4307
JACKSONVILLE 1, FLORIDA

- page 5 -

