Date of Report: Oct 1950

Source: Northern Rhodesia

Sound: Explosion

Temporary ATIC Form 379
(2 Jan 53)

Summary: Report of residents being awakened by a loud explosion which shook several building. Several observers reported seeing a bright flash before the explosions the general opinion seems to be that it was a meteorite.

Most other fields on the document are blank or illegible.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

1. The image of the unidentified object is not sharply defined. This blurred appearance may have been caused by camera movement, subject movement, or the camera not focused accurately on the object. Camera movement is not evidenced because the image of the branches in the foreground are not blurred. Subject movement is not probable because the object is at a great distance and the photographer status that a standard Graphic or Graflex cut film holder was used. The cameras have a maximum shutter speed of 1/1000 of a second. Examination of this photograph extends from the vegetation in the foreground to the mountains in the background. Presumably, only objects between these two points would be focused critically by the lens. The blurred area of the negative, reported to be an unidentified aircraft, is not focused as critically by the lens. For the blurred area to be found by the lens, the object would have to be closer to the camera than the vegetation in the foreground.

2. The report states that the object was shiny and attracted the attention of the observer, thereby indicating that the object was brighter than the surrounding sky area. The report also states the underside of the so-called aircraft was in shadow. From these conditions, the image should be of greater density at the top and of less density at the bottom than the surrounding sky. There is no indication of greater density in the image of the unidentified object than that of the surrounding sky.

3. The photographic technique displayed by this negative is poor. The negative is light struck or fogged by extraneous light probably caused by light leaks in the camera or film holder. (Exhibit 1, arrow 1) At the end of the negative opposite the coding notches, the edge of the film which is covered by the holding edge of the cutfilm holder is fogged indicating the film was fogged during processing or was out of date. (Exhibit 1, arrow 2) The surface of the negative is poor-marked with numerous blemishes which may have been caused by contaminated processing baths or higher than recommended processing temperatures. (Exhibit 1, arrow 3) The image may have been caused by foreign material in the developing solution which adhered to the surface of the film and locally retarded development. Such foreign material may have been a piece of paper from a filmpack.

4. Because of the reasons stated in paragraphs 1, 2, and 3, it is not possible to confirm this negative as being a photograph of an unconventional type of aircraft nor is it possible to confirm that the image on the negative was formed photographically by the camera.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 620.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Inside 1st 319th Tech Tng Wg, Lowry AFB, Colo to CG AMC, 29 Nov 50
Subj: "Reporting of Info on Unconventional Acft"

1st Ind MCIAXA-14/JJR/pgs JAN 9 1951

1st: AMC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio
TO: Director of Intelligence, ATTN: AFOIN-CC-1, Headquarters US AF, Washington 25, D. C.

1. Attached for your information is a copy of an analysis of the attached photographs made by photographic analysis at this Command.

2. It is unfortunate that the majority of exhibits submitted as being photographs of unconventional aircraft are of such notably poor quality.

3. In addition, it is reasonable to assume that must have been some type of phenomena if he went to the trouble of taking the picture. However, based on the facts presented, it is evident that no definite conclusions can be made.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

HAROLD E. WATSON
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Department

Incls:
1. Added 2 incls.
2. Exhibit 1
   (2 prints)
3. Analysis of attached
   Photo (in dup)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 3 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Location: Conger Mountain, Colorado

Date of Information: 20 November 1950 | Date of Report: 27 October 1950

Subject: Unidentified Aircraft - "White Sands"

1. Gonzalez Mountain "disc" is thought to be a "U-type" disc. Observation was made from the lot of Conger Mountain at 1400, 22 October 1950. The witness was taking pictures when suddenly, at 1420, a white object appeared in the clear sky. He immediately took a picture of the object. He stated that no pattern was seen, but that it was an aberrant trait and much condensed from near or at craft as it moved or out of turn. The trajectory of the object was in a circle.

2. The picture was taken with a fast speed camera 2"x3" (film speed 320). Ultra speed trans-air film. Film was developed by Lite Camera Exchange, Denver, Colorado, and no negatives were available.

3. Hereafter for the lack of time since the date of information are as follows: 1st, the chief that he wanted to strike the defense above 1,200 yards of Air Force Personnel. After contacting other persons, the Intelligence Office is recoiled the information which is being forwarded immediately.

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Taken 2:PM, Oct 25, 1950 5,000 ft alt. from top of Emaus Mtk.
3½x4½" Camera (film speed 200)
Ultra speed prem out then
Snapped quick after catching
Film Developed by Yolk Camera
Exchange, Denver, Colo.
Enlargement made by my
nephew to his friend
of Haul trail and puffs coming
from rear of Craft as it (unreadable)
Underside was in the shadow

Note: the small white or flesh
spots to specks are imperfections in
the film. Graininess is from high
enlargement;

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

[Bottom of page contains some partially obscured text that is not fully legible]


- page 5 -

2 ONLY 8 X 10 GLOSSY
PHOTOGRAPHS AND THE
3 X 4 NEGATIVE OF THE
UFO SIGHTED AT
GENESEE MOUNTAIN,
COLORADO

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

evaluated as a light - leak
in camera
poor processing
card foreign matter
adhering to neg
submitted as a SFO
by Colonel [REDACTED]

28 October 1950
2 pm

Genesee Mountain
Colorado


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

EXHIBIT NO. 1

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 8 -

AF 259,482

Report No. R-646-50
Country: Northern Rhodesia
I.D. No.: 735101
Subject: Big Explosion in Northern Rhodesia May Have Been Meteorite
From: Olama, Ethiopia
Evaluation: C-2
Date of Information: October 1950
Date of Report: 10 Nov 50
Prepared by: Leo J. Query, Lt Col.
Source: East African Standard Newspaper

Residents in the Masabuke district were awakened at 4:15 a.m. on Thursday morning by a loud explosion which shook several buildings. At first it was feared that a dynamic truck in the railway goods yard had exploded but after a thorough search of the area no trace was found of anything which could explain the explosion. Reports were received from several Africans who said that they had seen a bright flash in the sky just before the explosion took place. Reverberations lasted for about 15 seconds and the noise of the explosion was heard at Kafue, fifty miles away.

An official at the meteorological station said that it may have been a large meteorite which disintegrated before reaching the ground. There may have been many instances of meteorites breaking up in flight and leaving no trace. Meteorites vary in size and the larger variety, often as big in diameter as a cable top, can be heard up to a radius of fifty miles. Other sources claim it was a comet but the general opinion seems to accept that the explosion was in fact caused by a meteorite of fairly substantial size.


- page 9 -

THE FOREIGN SERVICE
OF THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
UNCLASSIFIED

Air Attaché,
American Embassy,
Havana, Cuba.
L-209-50                                                                        8 November 1950
350.05

SUBJECT: Information on Unconventional Aircraft.

TO:     Commanding General Air Materiel Commands,
        ATTN: M.C.I.S.
        Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio.

1. In accordance with the instructions contained in AFMIC-CC-1, Confidential Letter Headquarters U.S.A.F., dated 8 September 1950, subject as above, the following is submitted.

2. A circular object estimated to have been slightly larger than a DC-3 aircraft, highly polished, aluminum color with a cone shaped blue flame protruding from the rear for a distance of from 8 to 10 times the diameter of the object. The flame was described as similar to the flame from an acetylene torch, and having a reddish tint on the outer border of the flame.

3. This object was sighted by Mr. [ILLEGIBLE], a prominent and wealthy Cuban, who was piloting his own Beechcraft Bonanza between two of his sugar properties in Camagey province (Central) Cuba. With Mr. [ILLEGIBLE] as passengers were Mr. Roy Carver, an engineer, and pilots and two additional Cuban engineers. All four of these reliable men saw the object very distinctly, in fact it passed their right wing, slightly above their cruising altitude of 5,500 feet and proceeded at terrific speed (estimated from 500 to 600 miles per hour) and disappeared in a cloud formation in approximately 3 seconds time. The object was positively traveling horizontally or at a course of approximately 90°. The object was estimated by the two observers to be circular in shape with a diameter of approximately 70 to 80 feet. The time of sighting was 2035 hours on 31 October 1950, at Lat. 78°30', Long 21°61'.

4. The observers were of the opinion that the object was not a meteor because of the fact that it was traveling horizontally.

5. There is attached (4) copies of the English translation of a signed statement made by the four observers.

COMMENT: I have known Mr. [ILLEGIBLE] for approximately 6 years. He was introduced to me by Lt. General [ILLEGIBLE] at Mitchell Field in 1945.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10                                UNCLASSIFIED


- page 10 -

UNCLASSIFIED

L-209-50, 350.05/Subj. Information on Unconventional Aircraft, 8 Nov.1950.

He is a close friend of Lt. [ILLEGIBLE] and is thoroughly reliable. I talked personally with Mr. [ILLEGIBLE] and there is no doubt in my mind but that these men saw the object as described.

[Signature]
EDGAR R. GLEAN
Colonel, USAF
Attaché

1 Incl.
Signed Statement in 4 copies
(translation)

Cy: Director of Intelligence, USAF
Lt. Gen. Quesada

UNCLASSIFIED

2


- page 11 -

TRANSLATION

On 31 October, 335 p.m., a Bonanza CUN 275 piloted by Mr. [REDACTED] had an as passengers Engineers [REDACTED] who is also a Pilot, and Engineers [REDACTED] Jr., approximately located at 5 miles West of Central Najasa, Province of Camaguey, flying at 5500' altitude and compass direction of 120° coming from Central Andreita going in the direction of Central San German, the pilot and three occupants of the plane noticed a circular object that could be described as an aluminum disk, highly polished. The object was first sighted toward the back of the tip of the right wing of our plane, flying at what was later determined to be 90° on the compass and approximately an altitude of 7000' at a distance of about 10 miles from our plane. The route described by this flying disk was the of a direct line, horizontally during all the time we could observe same, which was about 3 seconds (approximately) and when we saw same disappear behind some clouds in front of our plane that is to say at the intersection of our course. During this observation we figured that the object kept an altitude of approximately 7000'. We also estimated that if our figures were more or less correct the disk seemed to have a diameter of approximately 70 to 80', the figures were based on the above mentioned data expressed at 10 miles. The impression received was that the object in question was slightly larger than a DC-3. The disk did not present around its edge any particular light or brilliance nor color in the rest of its body, except that from the rear and of somewhat intense a reddish flame coming out with a reddish tint on the outer border of the flame, such as is found in an acetylene torch like the ones used to cut metal with. It had a conical shape and a length of approximately 8 to 10 times the diameter of the disk. The speed, calculated at about over one thousand miles per hour.

None of the occupants of the plane, all engineers, nor the pilot, could determine whether this object was a meteor although the course described by the object makes it doubtful of this possibility.

The facts were reported immediately by radio by the pilot to the control tower of the Camagey airport.

SIGNED:

[Signature lines are redacted]


- page 12 -

A las 3 y 35 minutos de la tarde del dia 31 de Octubre encontrándose el avión Bonanza CUN 275 piloteado por el Sr. Alejandro Suero Falla y que llevaba como pasajeros al Ing. Sr. [REDACTED], Sros. [REDACTED], también piloto aviador y a los ingenieros, aproximadamente a unas 5 millas al Oeste del Central Najasa, Prov. de Camagüey, volando a 5500' de altura y con rumbo compas de 120°, procedentes del Central Andreita y en dirección al Central San German, fué divisado por el piloto y sus tres acompañantes un objeto de forma circular que podría ser descripto como un disco de aluminio altamente pulido el que fué primeramente visto un poco hacia atrás de la punta del ala derecha de nuestro avión, navegando, según luego pudimos determinar, a los 90° compás y aproximadamente a una altura de 7000' a unas 10 millas de nuestro avión.

El curso descrito en la translación del disco volador fué en línea recta y horizontal durante todo el tiempo que duró la observación la que fué de 3 segundos aproximadamente y hasta lo vimos desaparecer detrás de un banco de nubes frente a frente a nuestro avión, es decir, en la intersección de nuestro rumbo. Durante toda la observación pudimos calcular que el objeto mantuvo a unos 7000' de altura aproximadamente. También pudimos calcular que de ser verdad la común apreciación nuestra el disco parecía tener un diámetro de aproximadamente unos 70 u 80', calculados sobre la distancia anteriormente expresada de 10 millas. La impresión recibida es de que dicho objeto era algo mayor que un DC-3. El disco no presentaba en sus bordes brillantez superior ni color distinto al resto de su cuerpo pero de su parte posterior salía una intensa llama de color azul con bordes de un tono rojizo similar a la que se observa en una antorcha de acetileno de cortar metales; era de forma cónica de unas 8 o 10 veces el largo del diámetro del disco. Velocidad, más de mil millas por hora.

Ninguno de los ocupantes del avión, ingenieros todos, ni el piloto pudieron determinar si se trataba o no de un aerolito aunque la trayectoria descrita por el objeto pone en duda de todos dicha posibilidad.

Estos hechos fueron reportados por radio de inmediato por el piloto a la torre de control del aeropuerto de Camagüey.


- page 13 -

Office Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
UNCLASSIFIED

TO     : Mr. Rogers, MCXXX                                                 MCISXO/GSK/aw
FROM   : Mr. Guy S. Kidwell II                                             DATE: 15 December 1950
SUBJECT: Evaluation of Photographic Negative

1. This subject negative which was submitted as a photograph of an unconventional aircraft was thoroughly examined. Several characteristics of this negative will be discussed.

2. The image of the unidentified object is not sharply defined. This blurred appearance may have been caused by camera movement, subject movement or the camera not focused correctly on the object. Camera movement is not evidenced because the image of the branches in the foreground are not blurred. Subject movement is not probable because the object is at a great distance and the photograph states that it was taken at a high speed. Examination of the film indicates that a standard Graphic or Graflex cut film holder was used. These cameras have a maximum shutter speed of 1/1000 of a second. The depth of field of this photograph extends from vegetation in the foreground to the mountains in the background. Therefore, any object between these two points would be focused critically by the lens. The blurred area of the negative, reported to be an unidentified aircraft, is not focused as critically by the lens. For the blurred area to be formed, the object would have to be closer to the camera than the vegetation in the foreground.

3. The report states that the object was shiny and attracted the attention of the observer, thereby indicating that the object was brighter than the surrounding sky area. The report also states that the underside of the aircraft was in shadow. From these conditions the image should be of greater density at the top and of less density at the bottom than the surrounding sky. There is no indication of greater density in the image of the unidentical than that of the surrounding sky.

4. The photographic technique displayed by this negative is poor. The negative is light struck or fogged by extraneous light probably was caused by light leaks in the camera or cut holder. (Exhibit 1, arrow 1) At the end of the negative opposite the coding notches the edge of the film which is covered by the holding edge of the cutfilm holder is fogged indicating the film was fogged during processing or was out of date. (Exhibit 1, arrow 2) The surface of the negative is pock-marked with numerous blemishes which may have been caused by contaminated processing baths or higher than recommended processing temperatures. (Exhibit 1, arrow 3) Foreign material in the developing solution which adhered to the surface of the film and locally retarding development. Such foreign material may have been a piece of paper from a filmpak.

Letter partially cut 12-19

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL: UNCLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12
DOD DIR 5200.10


- page 14 -

5. Because of the reasons stated in paragraphs 2, 3, and 4, it is not possible to confirm this negative as being a photograph of an unconventional type of aircraft nor is it possible to confirm that the image on the negative was photographically by the camera. It is unfortunate that the majority of exhibits submitted as being photographs of unconventional type of aircraft are of such notably poor quality that they offer practically no basis for technical evaluation.

GUY S. KIDWELL II

2 Incls
1. Exhibit No. 1 (3 cys)
2. Exhibit No. 2 (3 cys)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 15 -

UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE
AND
3416TH TECHNICAL TRAINING WING
DENVER, COLORADO
OFFICE OF THE WING INTELLIGENCE OFFICER

000.9                                                29 November 1950

SUBJECT: Reporting of Information on Unconventional Aircraft

TO:    Commanding General
        Air Materiel Command
        Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
        Dayton, Ohio
        ATTN: MCXS

In accordance with Letter, Mr. U.S. AF, AFCRC-CI-1, 6 September
1950, subject as above, Air Intelligence Information Report No.
LAFB 000.9-4 is enclosed herewith.

1 Incl
AF Form 112 (1)                                    JOE SCHIEBUHR
                                                    Captain, USAF
                                                    Wing Intelligence Officer

Info Copys
Commanding General
Air Training Command
Attention: DC/S Operations
Director of Intelligence
Scott Air Force Base, Ill.

DOWNGRADED AT 5 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

ADDRESS REPLY TO COMMANDING GENERAL NOT TO INDIVIDUALS


- page 16 -

