Here is the text from the document:

07/0162

DATE: 6 Jan 1950
LOCATION: Kansas City Mo.
SOURCE: Bendix Aviation Engineer
2ND OR CHANCE: Slow
ALT: 10,000' & dropped 3,000'
DURATION: 25 Minutes
GROUND: Appeared to swirl or Rotate

ATTN (Venus)

DATE: 19 Jan 1950
FORM: 1926 CST
SHAPE: Round
DIRECTION: Large Star
WEST

[RESTRICTED] stamp at bottom of document


- page 1 -

UNCLASSIFIED

24-69.

6. In regard to comment by "r. [redacted]" relative to the sighting of the unidentified unconventional aircraft by another individual, the following news item appearing in the Kansas City Star, 6 January 1950, is submitted:

"DOUSE OVER CRASH CAUSE
Driver Tells Police a Flying Saucer Blinds Him"

"A flying saucer was reportedly seen in Kansas City, Kansas, early today, but police are skeptical about it.

[Redacted], 33 years old, [redacted], reported the phenomenon. He was driving east on Kansas Avenue, he told police, when "this flying saucer or a ball of fire or something like that" flashed across First Street in front of his car, northbound, blinding him. He lost control of his car and crashed into a truck parked at the curb, damaging both vehicles.

"He suffered cuts on his head and face and was treated at the police emergency hospital and arrested for reckless driving and driving while intoxicated. The truck was owned by Thomas L. NAGLE of Edwardsville, Ia."

2 Incls
1. [Redacted] statement
2. Form - Unconventional
A/C - Special Inquiry

- PENDING -

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

January 12, 1950

I make this statement to LAWRENCE A. APPLEGATE, whom I know to be a Special Agent of the Office of Special Investigations, United States Air Force.

On January 6, 1950 at 7:30 P.M., an employee of mine and myself left our place of work. As we walked toward our car we noticed a very bright object in the sky southwest of our position facing south. It first glance it seemed like a star but on second notice we were positive it was an airborne obstacle of some type either guided by man or of some other source. This object was a very brilliant white and flickered somewhat like a star. It was round in shape although no definite lines pertaining to shape were visible. It was no trouble a bright red flash at times in the center of the object and at other times on the outer edge.

As an example, using a mirror to reflect light, you would see a bright flash as it passes in front of your eyes. This red on the object was not constant but would be seen alternately through our full twenty-five minutes of sighting.

As to the shape or size of the object it would be hard to say definitely. The brilliant glow was round and nothing else could be seen because of the glare. The size would be dependent on height and distance. Estimating its distance at 50 miles and height 5000 to 4000 feet, it was six to eight inches in diameter. Speed could not be estimated. It seemed to hover for periods of about ten minutes at a time, gradually descending in altitude, then at the last, maintaining an altitude of about 3000 to 4000 feet continued west, southwest. At first sighting estimated altitude was 8000 to 10,000 feet.

After sighting the object from the parking lot in front of our plant we drove about ten or fifteen miles west and south to a high point. We kept it in sight up to this time and then watched it for about ten minutes. During this last ten minutes it seemed to hover. No motion was visible, only the color flickering, and the red flashes continuing. Then it started moving west, southwest. At this time we drove back over our same route and kept it in sight half the way back, then it disappeared. We continued to our original sighting point and noticed nothing comparable to this object. We continued past our original point of sighting to another high point and the object was not visible. The object also was not comparable to an airplane, dirigible or balloon of any type. As to the length of time of sighting it was approximately twenty-five to thirty minutes.

Signed:
Witnessed by:

I concur that all the above statements made by are true.

UNCLASSIFIED
ROBERT V. VAN DE VIVIERE

Incl. 1


- page 3 -

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCONFIRMED AIRCRAFT - SPECIAL REPORT

1. Date of sighting   6 January 1950

2. Time of sighting (local by 24 hr. clock)   Approximately 1930 hours

3. Where sighted (observer's position):
   a. Ground   Front of Bendix Plant, 95 % Troost, Kansas City, Mo.
   b. Air   
   c. Sea   

4. Number of objects. Formation type (if any), sketch if possible
   One-cylindrical shape-glowing-red flashes-see attached page #

5. Observable celestial phenomena or planets that may account for the sighting. (Local facilities or organizations which follow such celestial phenomena should be consulted for such information)   

6. Distance of object from observer:
   a. Laterally   Approximately 30 miles southwest
   b. Angle of elevation from horizon   50°
   c. Altitude   First sighting 8000-10000 ft-decreased to 3000-4000

7. Time in sight   Approximately 25 minutes

8. Appearance of object:
   a. Color   Brilliant white
   b. Shape (Sketch if possible)   cylindrical-see attached sketch
   c. Apparent construction (of what material or substance)   Unknown
   d. Size   From sighting point appeared to be 6" to 8" in diameter

9. Direction of flight   Southwest

10. Tactics or maneuvers (Vertical ascent or descent, horizontal, oscillating, fluttering, evasive, aggressive, erratic, etc.)   Apparently hovering. Vertical descent. May have been fluttering

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 4 -

Cover Sheet - to accompany A. Merritt

1. Findings of project: None

2. Color: 

3. Length of object:

4. Size (approx):

5. Mode of operation:

6. Doon until very dark (approx)

12. Effect on clouds: No clouds

a. Opened path thru cloud:
b. Moved cloud or halo:
c. Reflected on cloud:
d. Showed dark cloud:

13. Lights: See statement attached - page #

a. Reflected or attached:
b. Unknown:
c. Blkl on end off in projection to space:

14. Support: Unknown

a. Wings:
b. Aerodynamic hint of support:
c. Vertical jet:
d. Rotating cylinder or cone:
e. Horizontal lift (balloon or dirigible):

15. Propulsion: Unknown

a. Propellor or jet:
b. Power:
c. Aerodynamic force (slipping or oscillating)
(side ways effect)

d. Visual exhaust or jet operative

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 5 -

UNCLASSIFIED

17. Air Tests: Unknown

18. Speed - M.P.H. See statement attached - page #

19. Size: None
    a. Continuous while or lost
    b. None, whistle, track

20. Manner of Disappearance:
    a. Explode
    b. Noted Exc. View X
    c. Disappeared behind object

Relative to the Viewer:
1. Time of Observation
2. Address
3. Occupation: Supervisor of Office Services
4. Place of Business: Bendix Aviation Corp., Kansas City, Mo. Div.
5. Pertinent Details: Electro-plating and flying
6. Ability to determine
7. Reliability of observer
8. Notes relative to observer:
    a. Sighting in general
    b. Examination of object's brightness of object

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 6 -

UNCLASSIFIED

9. Not Applicable

b. Occupation Messenger-Bendix Aviation Corp., Kansas City, Mo.

c. Reliability

10. Comments of interceptor regarding the intelligence and the person intercepted.

Relative to Saber Station:

1. Re status operating on ground.

a. Observations of range, spot, altitude and site to test

b. Did target continue to move? No, as when sighted the target was stationary in the way they in the target area

c. Note particularly any negative or defense target

2. If airborne when object sighted:

a. Were there any particular conditions of wind while or not

b. Give estimate of size, speed, direction, etc.

Control

1. Teletype messages of local police contacted

2. Other misc. report

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 7 -

Shock Sheet - Unidentified Aircraft (Cont.)                UNCLASSIFIED

3. Local flight schedules of commercial, private and military aircraft flying in vicinity at the time (Mark Courier activity in case to that period)

4. Possible releases of testing devices in vicinity such site by Ofc. Manse, Navy, Air Force, Army, Weather Units, Research Organizations or any other

5. If object contacted earth, obtain soil samples within and without depression or spot where object landed (and those presumably adjacent) for purposes of making comparison of soils. No contact with earth

6. If object seen sufficiently near other aircraft or known objects, check surfaces with Geiger counter for possible radioactivity. Make comparisons with other unaffected aircraft objects, etc.

7. Obtain photographs (or original negatives) where available. If not, ensure sketches of:
   a. Object.
   b. Surrounding terrain where observed.
   c. Place where it contacted earth (if this happened).
   d. Maneuvers.
   e. Formation if more than one object.

8. Secure signed statement, if possible.

9. Obtain fragments or physical evidence where possible.

10. Was any radio antenna to be observed, i.e., (any projections or extensions that might presumably be construed as such).

/s/ MAURICE A. APPLEGET
Special Agent, OSI

UNCLASSIFIED
-5-


- page 8 -

LOWRY FLIGHT SERVICE CENTER
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE
DENVER, COLORADO
UNCLASSIFIED                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 9 -

LOWRY FLIGHT SERVICE CENTER
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE
DENVER, COLORADO                                 GRR/wtw
                                                  9 January 1950

RX 219.1
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO:   Commanding General
      Air Material Command
      Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. In compliance with Flight Service Regulation 200-4, dated 2 November 1948, Subject: "Unidentified Flying Objects," the following report is submitted.

2. On the night of 6 January 1950, two objects were sighted over Kansas City, Kansas, and Olathe, Kansas. They appeared to be motionless over Olathe for ten to fifteen minutes, then moved off very fast.

3. The weather at Kansas City was clear with twelve miles visibility.

4. The incident was discussed by Raytom, Missouri, phone [redacted], Road, Missouri. Both are employed at Bendix Aviation, Kansas City, Kansas, and the former is a pilot.

5. Photos are not available. Sketches are enroute to Lowry Flight Service and will be forwarded immediately upon receipt.

6. Two objects were sighted, both spherical in shape. They appeared to be the size of old fashioned street lights about two blocks distant. They were a brilliant white, emanating orange and red flashes.

7. They moved from over Kansas City toward Olathe, Kansas, remained motionless from ten to fifteen minutes, then moved off very fast in a southwesterly direction. The estimated altitude was between seven and eight thousand feet. No sound was emitted, nor exhaust trail apparent.

8. This report was given to Fairfax AFB Operations, Kansas City, Kansas, and transmitted to Lowry Flight Service.

                                        ROBERT M. MCLEOD
                                        Lt Col, USAF
                                        Commanding

Copies Furnished:
C/S, USAF, Wash DC, Attn
Dir of Intelligence
Comdr, MATS, Wash DC, Attn
Chief, Intelligence Dir
CO, Flight Service, Wash DC

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 10 -

INCOMING MESSAGE

UNCLASSIFIED

NR 1 10 JAN 50

ROUTINE
FROM LOWRY AFB COLORADO 020610Z
TO WRIGHT PAT AFB
INFO FLIGHT SERVICE WASHINGTON DC
THIS REQUIRES PARAPHRASE
SEE CRYPTO-CENTER BEFORE DECLASSIFYING

FM FLT SVC LOWRY ATTN MCIAXO-3 RPT MCIAXO-3 WRIGHT PATTERSON

IN COMPLIANCE WITH FLT SVC REG NR 200-4, UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
DTD 2 NOV 48 THE FOL REPORT IS SUBMITTED PAR A D KANSAS CITY KAN,
6 JAN 50 AT 1930C, PAR ELSSOW WEATHER AT KANSAS CITY WAS CLEAR
WITH 12 MILES VISIBILITY, PAR C NR 1 WN MISSOURIPHONE FL RPT FL 2744 ENROLLED AT PENDIX
AVIATION, FORMER PILOT, NR 2

PAR D NO PHOTOS AVAILABLE, PAR E SKETCH WILL ACCOMPANY
WRITTEN REPORT, PAR F NR 1, 2 OBJECTS NR 3 SPECIFIC NR 3 AT
6000 KT APPEARED SITE OF OLD FASHION STREET 2 BLKS OFF
NR 4 BRILLIANT WHITE EMANATING ORANGE AND RED FLARES NR 5
MOTIONLESS OVER OLATHE KAN FOR 10 TO 15 MIN THEN MOVED OFF
VERY FAST NR 6 SOUTH WEST NR 7 THROUGH NR 8 7000 TO 9000 FT ALT
DESCENDING NR 9 NO SOUND EMITTED NR 10 NO EXHAUST TRAIL PAR G
THIS REPORT GIVEN TO FAIRFAX AFB OPERATIONS KANSAS CITY KAN
AND TO LOWRY AFB FLT SVC

UNCLASSIFIED

ACTION COPY


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

2472D AF RES TNG CENTER
CONTINENTAL AIR COMMAND
FAIRFAX FIELD
KANSAS CITY 15, KANSAS                                                  Bub/jn

BO 370.2                                                                9 January 1950

SUBJECT: Report of "Flying Disc"

TO:    Commanding General
        Air Materiel Command
        Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
        ATTN:    TSDIN

1. The following report is submitted in accordance with ConAC Letter
200-1, 10 October 1949:

    a. Kansas City, Missouri at 1930 hours CST, 7 January 1950.

    b. Clear.

    c. [Redacted], Raytown, Missouri
        Employed by Bendix Aviation Corp., Kansas City, Missouri

        [Redacted], Raytown, Missouri
        Employed by Bendix Aviation Corp., Kansas City, Missouri

    d. Not available.

    e. Attached.

    f. (1) One (1)
       (2) Round
       (3) Not determined
       (4) Red or orange
       (5) Not determined, quoted as being "slow"

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 12 -

BG 370.2
Subject: Report of "Flying Disc"                                9 Jan 50

(6) West Southwest UNCLASSIFIED

(7) When first observed, 8 to 10 thousand feet, after approximately 20 minutes observation, altitude lessened to 3 to 4 thousand feet.

(8) No sound

(9) Red or orange glow, not constant.

g. Both witnesses stated they had had nothing intoxicating to drink.

2. This report is exempt from Reports Control Symbol.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER,

[Signature]
MCOG, USAF
Adjutant

2 Incls
1. Diag. poss. 1
2. Diag. poss. 2

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 13 -

Here is the text I can discern from the image:

Red & low northwest

Unclassified (appears multiple times on the sides of the document)

Some text appears to be illegible or too blurry to read clearly. There is a stylized sun/eye-like drawing at the top right of the document with the text "Red & low northwest" near it.

The document appears to be a sketch or diagram with curved lines and geometric shapes, with "Unclassified" stamps on the left and right margins.


- page 14 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Left side, partially legible text]
...just after round... 
...then
...could realize...
...surprised.

[Bottom of page, partially legible text]
...15 yards...
...

[Right side]
7:50 PM

[Markings]
UNCLASSIFIED (appears multiple times)

The document contains a hand-drawn sketch with a curved line representing what seems to be a horizon or landscape, with an arrow and a small stylized sun/star-like symbol. Due to the image quality and document age, some text is illegible.


- page 15 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

UNCLASSIFIED

INSPECTOR GENERAL USAF
19TH DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATION
Offutt Air Force Base, Omaha, Nebraska
IT/TRS/dmb
19 January 1950

24-69
SUBJECT: UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT
KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI
(WITNESS)

SPECIAL INQUIRY (UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT)

TO: Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: TCIAC

1. Enclosed for your information are two (2) copies of
Report of Investigation by Special Agent LAWRENCE A. APPLETON, this
Office, dated 19 January 1950, reflecting pending investigation of
subject case.

2. This investigation is continuing, and subsequent reports
will be forwarded to your office.

3. In regard to the enclosed report, your attention is in-
vited to Par 11, AFR 205-6, dated 18 May 1949, which prohibits dis-
closure of the information to unauthorized persons.

1 Incl
Rpt of Investigation
(in dup)

[Signature]
MATTHEW THOMPSON, Capt, USAF
Lt Colonel, USAF
District Commander

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 16 -

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF OFFICIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

FILE NO.
84-69

DATE
19 January 1950

TITLE
UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT
KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI

REPORT MADE BY
SPECIAL AGENT

PERIOD
9, 12 January 1950

NO 713

OFFICE OF ORIGIN
NO 713

STATUS
FILING

CHARACTER
SPECIAL INQUIRY (UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT)

REFERENCES
None; this is an Initial Report

SYNOPSIS
Investigation was initiated by the District Commander, 18th CGI District.

In Kansas City, Missouri, reported sighting un-conventional aircraft at 1826 hours, 6 January 1950, in the vicinity of Kansas City, Missouri. The airborne craft was described as being round in shape, although "no definite lines pertaining to shape were visible." The object was a brilliant white and a bright red flash was observed from the center of the object from time to time and at other times from the outer edge of the object. The red flash was not constant but would be seen alternately throughout the twenty (20) minutes that the object was in view. Speed could not be estimated. The object appeared to hover in one position for a period of ten (10) minutes. No motion was visible at this time but the color flickered and the red flashes continued. Interviewed declared that the object he observed was not comparable to any airplane, dirigible, or balloon of any type.

DISTRIBUTION
[List of distribution points]

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO
CG, Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio

APPROVED
[Signature]
MATTHEW T. WILSON
Lt Colonel, USAF
District Commander

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

24-69
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. Investigation was initiated by the District Commander, 13th OSI District, upon receipt of information that Mr. (Raytowm) Kansas City, Missouri, had sighted an unconventional aircraft on 6 January 1950.

AT KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI

2. On 9 January 1950 I/Sgt MACARTHUR of the Provost Marshal's Office, Fairfax AFB, Kansas, telephonically advised this office that a "Flying Saucer" had been sighted on 7 January 1950, at about 1930 hours, by a [redacted].

Investigation revealed that the [redacted], sighting the unconventional aircraft, resided at [redacted], Kansas City, Missouri, and was employed at the Bendix Aircraft Corporation, 95th and Troost Street, Kansas City, Missouri.

3. On 12 January 1950 Mr. [redacted] was interviewed at the Bendix Plant. Mr. [redacted] of Kansas City, Missouri, punched the time clock at the Bendix Plant at 1926 hours and left the building by the main entrance, located at the south side of the plant.

[Redacted] went on to say that as they emerged from the building and walked toward the parking lot across the street, they noticed a bright object in the sky to the southwest of their position. At first glance it appeared to be a star but closer observation convinced them that what they viewedwas an Airborne aircraft of some type.

[Redacted] being round in shape, although "no definite lines pertaining to shape were visible". He said that it was brilliant white and that a bright red flash was observed from the center of the object from time to time and at other times from the center edge of the object. This red flash was not constant but would be seen alternately throughout the twenty-five minutes that the object was in view. [Redacted] estimated that the object was, at one time, 30 miles away and 5,000 to 4,000 feet high and approximately 6 to 8 inches in diameter. Its speed could not be estimated and it appeared to hover in one position for a period of ten minutes. No motion was visible at this time but the color flickered and the red flashes continued. This was observed from a point 15 miles south and west of their original sighting point where the two men traveled to obtain a better view. From this point, according to [redacted] the beacon at the O'Lathe Naval AB could be seen and the object then appeared to be over but beyond the Air Base. The two returned to their original sighting point, keeping the object in view during half of the trip back. Upon reaching the original sighting point the object was not visible. They then proceeded to a high point southeast of the Bendix Plant but did not see the object again. [Redacted] declared that the

UNCLASSIFIED
2


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

24-89

UNCLASSIFIED

object he observed was not comparable to any airplane, dirigible or balloon of any type. was executed a signed statement embodying the foregoing details and which is attached as Enclosure #1.

NOTE: was born at Green Bay, Wisconsin, on 9 August 1924.

appeared to be sincere and did not seem to be over exaggerate in relating the details concerning the object he had seen. He appeared to be a person of good character, intelligent and well mannered. was a Naval Mechanic for 5 1/2 years, served 11 months overseas in the Pacific and was discharged on 26 November 1945. His hobbies are electroplating and flying.

4. concurred in statements and added that the object they had sighted appeared to swirl or rotate at a terrific speed. He stated that there had been no sidereal motion but that it had, except for the period of hovering, moved continuously away from them. He estimated that its altitude at first sighting was 9,000 to 10,000 feet, but went on to say that he thought when he had first sighted the object that it had been "greenish" in color but that he next decided it was a light orange-almost white color. He said that a "red ring" encircled the object and that in regular intervals it appeared to expand and diffuse the entire object with a reddish glow. According to the object appeared to be its terrific speed but he could give no estimate of this speed. He stated that there was no apparent sound from the object and that upon disappearing it seemed to fade from view. Its size appeared to be that of a softball and the object reminded him of the Planet Saturn. According to both observers the night was clear, there were no clouds in the sky, and the moon was rising at the time. Both men informed the writer that they had heard of a man who had been driving in the vicinity of Kansas City the same day and who had become involved in an accident while observing a "Flying Saucer." They thought this story had appeared in the Kansas City Star.

NOTE: was born on 10 January 1931 at Raytown, Missouri. His hobbies are photography and first aid. He appeared to be a sensible, intelligent person and did not appear to over exaggerate.

17. Vice Administrator for the Bendix Aviation Corporation, and of the Security Office of the Bendix Plant were interviewed regarding the reliability of and

Both stated that these men were completely reliable and dependable, good character and sound judgment.

5. Additional details relative to the unconventional aircraft sighted by are contained in Form, subjoct, "Unconventional Aircraft - Special Inquiry," which is attached as Enclosure #2.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 19 -

