Here is the text I can read from the document:

10 May 50
Ladd AFB, Alaska
Many E. Personnel

29 Aug. 59

1 pet. 242GZ and 214GZ - Gray

Very Hi.

45 minutes
Few min. to 1 hr
Ground
Seeming to float in fixed area.

ATI Form 5
(Jan 50)

Benson

Some parts of the text are partially obscured or illegible, so I have only transcribed the text I can clearly read.


- page 1 -

Headquarters
USAF
Directorate of Intelligence

Subject: Summary of Sources of Information

To: Director of Intelligence, Alaskan Air Command, Ft. Richardson, Alaska

1. The following is a summary of sources of information pertaining to the sighting of unidentified flying objects in Alaska during May 1950:

(The rest of the text is too illegible to confidently transcribe)

Approved:

(Signature)
DOC. W. HOLLINS
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence


- page 2 -

The document is an "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" which is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the bottom of the page. However, most of the text on the page is illegible due to poor image quality, fading, and low contrast. The header and some structural elements of the document are visible, but the specific text content cannot be reliably read.


- page 3 -

At the top of the document, the text "UNCLASSIFIED" is clearly visible.

The rest of the text on the page is largely illegible due to poor image quality, blurriness, and low contrast. While there appears to be text present, I cannot confidently read or transcribe any other words or lines.

There is a dark elongated shape in the upper portion of the document that looks like it might be a silhouette or illustration, but the details are not clear.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Lodi, New Jersey 07644

Department of the Air Force
Project Blue Book
Washington, 25, D.C.

SAF 01

Important - Please Rush! - ask
is still in existence, but I
do no that there is active
work being done on the subject
of UFOs. I am greatly interested,
and am doing much work on
the subject.

To get two they point could
you send me photographs of
the pictures taken by Uffo
[illegible name] at McMinville,
Oregon, May 11, 1950 at 7:30 in
the evening of a gently rocking,
circular ship about 100 feet
above the ground. As not
now of this has been myself yes
an an "unknown". After is not
possible to send me these
pictures, please send me in-
formation concerning where I


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

com, gbtain these pictures. Also
could you tell me what this
is classified as.

Could you also send me next
action of the incident between
a so called "sayomaru" and a
two just in their next can down.
I have sign off pictures of the
case of his first point and the
pickup of the case in which
the sayomaru developed the
film. I would like to know
if this is a big log or is class-
ified as top secret.

I would be deeply gratified
if you could send me what is
asked for of any information
concerning the subject of this
entitled flying object.

Yours gratefully,


- page 6 -

Washington D.C.
Dept. of Science

I have recently acquired some information concerning the sighting and taking of two, (2), photographs of one, (1), unidentified object by Mr. and Mrs. McMinnville, Oregon.

Photographs were taken on May 11, 1950 at the [blacked out] farm just outside McMinnville, Oregon.

I would appreciate it very much if you would obtain and send to the address listed below information and photographs of other and this such incidents

Hoquiam, Wash.

Many thanks
W.C. Case

[Postal markings and address at bottom of document]
Dept. of Science
Capital Building
Washington, D.C.

Air Fare


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

No CORE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                                 MOB 1
                                                                 Mc Minnville, Oregon

10 March 1953

Dear Mr. Case:

Your letter to the Department of Science has been referred to this office as a matter pertaining to the Air Force.

The Air Force has no information on photographs of an unidentified flying object taken by Mr. & Mrs. Case of McMinnville, Oregon.

In this regard, it should be noted that all photographs submitted in conjunction with UFO reports have been a misinterpretation of natural or conventional objects. The object in these photographs have a positive identification.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

[Redacted address]
Tacoma, Washington


- page 8 -

