PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 10 March 50 10/230Z

2. LOCATION: Bethel, Conn.

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Within Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: NE

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Other (PSYCHOLOGICAL)
Highly improbable that 4 navy a/c in the same area as the UFO and maximum not observe it. No report from the Navy or any other individual on this alleged sighting, which took place on a clear day.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
- Object had wings. Jet Black
- Object traveled about 25 mph
- Approximate height of object about 8,000 ft. Looked like it was enclosed with transparent glass
- No sound. Object was a brilliant white.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

ATIC Conclusions and Comments:

1. This is not a UFO and not from Outer Space.

2. Similar reports - proof, show that when sun's rays reflect of the whirling blades of helicopter, often only the circular outline of the rotation will be visible, and the rest of the helicopter was washed out." (Spokesman refer.)

3. Flying 25 MPH. Only a helicopter can fly that slow, will have to own present operational designs.

4. Rpt 44 near BETHEL, CONN. Check with radar and for that area - shows nothing or signs or items. 4:90 in the different - yet not a single person for that city reported seeing anything thing.

5. Four(4) Navy A/C in the air at that time - and 3000 reject this dept. 771 highly improbable.

CONCLUSIONS: The method (huge sign-like balloon type) of reporting; the above recognition; the fact no one else reported this attempt is hard day light of strange type 1945.

1. An Eccentric person
2. Gross state imagination (Probably own conception)


- page 2 -

The 'Wing-Saucer' from Outer Space
March - 10 - 1950
U. S. A.

This 'Wing-Saucer', shown below, was seen by on March-10-1950. It circled over the center of Bethel, Conn. four times. On the fourth time around, it banked left at 45°, at that instant a brilliant white light was seen on the bottom of the 'Wing' and a disk was seen revolving at a slow rate of speed. It disappeared in Northeasterly direction. It was visible to me for three minutes.

Drawing shown above is bottom view of 'WING'
Seen 5,000 feet from Earth.


- page 3 -

Three single engine Navy bi-wing planes were flying in formation over the WOODWORKING CO factory at an altitude of approximately four thousand feet in the center of Bethel, Conn. He I watched them, I noticed a large black 'WING-Swirl' flying very slowly in circles eight thousand feet in height to the left of the three Navy planes. The whole underside was jet black. Only on the fourth time around did I see a brilliant white light on the bottom center of the 'WING-Swirl'. It circled very, very slowly. When light went on, jet black color of 'WING-Swirl' was hardly noticeable. It then picked up speed very quickly and disappeared within seconds from my view in a Northeasterly direction. This is a true report of what I have seen in the sky over the center of Bethel, Connecticut, on Monday, March-10-1950. "HELP ME GOD"


- page 4 -

Length of WING - leading edge - Fifty feet.
Length of WING - trailing edge - Thirty feet.
Diameter of WING - Ten feet.
Diameter of circle - Twelve feet.
Turning direction of disk - Counter-clock-wise.
Color of disk - A brilliant white.
Condition of outer cross-member - Stationary.
Condition of inter cross-member - Movable.
Design of WING - See above drawings.
Color of WING - Jet black.
Speed of WING - When seen about 25 miles perhour.
Time of day - Four-forty in the afternoon.
Approximate height of WING - Eight thousand feet.
Weather conditions - Clear - Cool - No wind.
Appearance of disk - Enclosed with transparent glass.
Disappearance direction of WING - Northeasterly.
Sound of engine - None.
Turning direction of WING - Counter-clock-wise.


- page 5 -

