The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

ATIC NO. ----
AF NO. ------
PP NO. ------
DATE OF REPORT_ 18 Aug 50
UNIT:- GR-HUTCH - -SERO 2000 & 2030
MADE:- Circular ------
SITE:---------
COURSE:--------
NO. IN GROUP__1
NAME:----
ETIC:------
CATEGORY ATIC Form 329 (22 Jun 52)

REMARKS: One observer stated he was positive object was a meteor.

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a sketch rather than a photograph. The sketch shows a compass in the bottom right corner, and instructions for drawing the motion and direction of an unidentified object or objects. There is no written text or identifiable individuals in this image.

TEXT:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high you last saw the object. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Straight line.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten sketch or drawing of what appears to be a USAF (U.S. Air Force) jet or aircraft. The text provided indicates that the object observed was extremely fast and could not have been tracked exactly at the time of sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 30 Oct 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The object was extremely fast and if it had not been looking in its direction exactly at time of sighting it would have gone unnoticed.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

OCR text output:

Dear Colonel ------

We have received a call from our 1950 crash and are unable to find a sighting under your name. If you would inform us of the exact date and location, we may be able to locate your sighting.

I am enclosing FTD Form 164 which is used in making such reports to the Air Force. The form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to Headquarters, Foreign Technology Division, AFSC, USAF Base, Ohio 45433.

Your interest in this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachment:
FTD Form 164

Colonel ------
USAF (Ret)
Ardmore, Tennessee 38449

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TRANSCRIPT:

UFIR/Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/mhs/14 Oct 66

Request for UFO Information, Colonel, USAF (Ret)

Hq USAF (SAFOIN)
OCT 27 1966
There is attached a letter from Colonel, USAF (Ret) requesting information on his unidentified observation of 1950. That observation could not find a sighting made by a Harold R. Brown. However, if he would inform us of the exact date and location, we may be able to locate his sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER

J. D. BATES, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION DATE 12 OCT 66

TDET/MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR DATE 17 OCT 66

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed memo from the Office of the Assistant DCS/Personnel for Military Personnel, addressed to SAFOI, dated 22 Oct 66.

The text in the memo reads:

"Sent to our relative activities through my minute activities."

AFXMPC-R
SGT. TETER
5-21-5

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically an information office form from the Secretary of the Air Force.

SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF INFORMATION

SUSPENSE: 
TO: [various names and offices checkboxed]

ATTENTION:
PREPARE REPLY FOR SIGNATURE OF: [various options checkboxed]

DIRECT REPLY
ACTION
INFORMATION
FILE
DIRECTOR HAS SEEN
SAF-01 C I P K R S HAS INFO
COMMENTS:

DONALD L. STINSON, MAJOR - USAF
EXECUTIVE
OFFICE OF INFORMATION

SAF-01 Form 1 - June 65

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

ARDMORE, TENNESSEE
AGENTS FOR RELECTING SOMEIDEAS LTD. (CATTLEY)

6 October, 1936

Major General E. B. LeBailly
Director of Information
USAF (Retired)
Randolph A. F. Base, Texas 78148

Dear Sir:

I have read your 15 May, 1956 Air Force policy letter for commanders.

Your statements on UFO sightings and Air Force conclusions are strongly contested by the undersigned. If the Air Force can so readily explain the sightings in 1950? I will certainly request some of the Air Force experts explain to me the so-called hallucinations I experienced, and until it has been fully explained I will continue to make it a matter of public record and in direct opposition to the Air Force stated conclusion and policy.

If the Air Force is using this for a cover for classified work please let me know and I will not accurdingty.

Nest sincerely,
Col. USAF (Ret)

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. 

Output of the OCR system:

WDSYR/Maj H Quintanilla, Jr./70916/NHB/21 Nov 66
UFO Sighting, 1950
Hq USAF (SAFOTCC)

Reference the attached letter from Col, USAF (Ret) requesting information on his unidentified observation which took
place in 1950. Attachment to this letter is a proposed reply to his letter.

FOR THE COMMANDER
Louis Decors, Colonel, USAF 
Director of Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION: 
WDSYR/Maj H Quintanilla, Jr. 
DATE: 21 Nov 66
TYPER: I. G. Gardner
DATE: 21 Nov 66

2 Atchs
1. Ltr, Lt. Col. H. R. Brown, Col, USAF, 
(Ret), 2 Nov 65
2. Proposed Reply

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, which includes a letter written by Col. USAF (Ret.) dated November 2, 1966 and addressed to the HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC) at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433.

The text of the letter is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

Dear Sir:

Enclosed is the FTD form 164 which is completed except for the exact dates. If you do not have access to the dates of the Survival School at Camp Carson as the closing of 1950 and it is important, I will write for a copy of my records and forward you the exact date.

I wrote the letter on this matter because officially the Air Force has been calling me a liar or otherwise for several years while I was holding a 'top' secret clearance and having access to a lot of highly classified materials. I know what I saw, and I reported it through proper channels. However, if there is a reason for me to shut up on this, I will otherwise it will be discussed as an unclassified.

Sincerely yours,

Col. USAF (Ret.)

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text only.

Proposed reply to letter from *, Col, USAF (Ret) 2 Nov 66

Dear Colonel *,

This is in reply to your recent letter of 2 November 1966 addressed to the Foreign Technology Division. We have again made a check of all 1950 files and could not locate your sighting. It is quite possible that your sighting did not reach the Project Blue Book office at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio. If your sighting was evaluated at base level it would not have been forwarded to Wright-Patterson.

The analysts at Wright-Patterson will study the information which you provided in your letter of 2 November. You must remember, however, that at this late date it is impossible to check many aspects of your sighting. Also, it is impossible to duplicate the same atmospheric and relative conditions that were present the day on which you made your observation. Therefore, you can see that it will take some time before we can arrive at a conclusion as to what you observed in 1950. You will be notified as to what the final evaluation will be.

We do not understand the last paragraph of your letter in which you state that the "Air Force has been calling me a liar or otherwise of several years". Does this have anything to do with your sighting? If so, you do not explain it thoroughly. We regret your feelings towards the Air Force and hope that better relations can be established.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form from Project Blue Book, an official United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. The form is titled "IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?" and contains various multiple-choice and fill-in-the-blank questions for the observer to answer about their sighting.

Transcription of the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Fuzzy, hazy 
c. As a light
d. Transparent
e. Vapor
f. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
N.A.

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred Slightly b. Sharp or distinct after c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change color? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information division, likely related to a Project Blue Book UFO report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared to that the U.S. Air Force can give the more complete information and unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information you supply will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Next to the lost day of the first class at camp carson colorado survival school in 1950 - records not available.
2. Time of day: Between 1:30 - 1:40 Hours. (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? In woods 1/2 mile northwest of camp carson, colorado
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 35 - 45 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimated
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT - Bright + Hazy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

FTD FORM 164 This form supersedes FTD 144, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 13 -

This image does not contain a photograph. Instead, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. government program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Simply to disappear out of sight in distance

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Dark color-solid looking but hazy of edges

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
N.A. Angular size 5:20 of street bird at Center position from high house.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Round object Moving SW to NE in straight line. No exhaust or vapor trails.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Transcribed text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Estimated 500 to 800 MPH.
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Probably about 1000 MPH.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 4000' to 7000'

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
c. Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One)
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
N.A.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
d. Window glass Yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Steep bird on No 8 station (farm high house)

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
None

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
One Sgt. was standing by me and saw the object however do not know it's name. He only saw it for a few seconds.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Illegible
ADDRESS: Ardmore Tenn.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Illegible 
AGE: 46
SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent: 
Before this sighting in 1950 I had hunted, shot skeet and trap and been an amateur astronomer besides flying since 1939.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Maj. Hartner personnel officer at Camp Carson, Colo. ARRS after return to Camp in 1950. Sorry about date but I did not keep records and my forms are on retired file.

- page 16 -

