Here is the text from the document:

ATIC NO.

AP NO.

REPORT NO.

DATE OF REPORT

TIME OF REPORTING

SHAPE

SIZE

COURSE

NO. IN GROUP

BOUND

PHOTOS

Temporary ATIC Form 329
(2 Jan 52)

DATE OF THING 19 April 50

LOCATION Lafayette, Ind

SOURCE Ex-Bomber pilot

DATE IN TO ATIC

COLOR

SPEED

ALTITUDE

LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED

TYPE OF OBSERVATION

MANEUVERS
Source claims to have solution to "flying saucer mystery" and also possesses a questionable discharge from Air Force (assumed for mental instability??)?

24 APR 50

Got this intriguing saucer near Red Oak, Ill. in 1950.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: "Flying Saucer A .sines" dtd Oct 97

GREENE PHOTO
23 April 1950
Red Bud, Illinois

The RED BUD,
ILLINOIS Photo
(See Front Cover)

By DEAN MORGAN

Although this photo was taken on April 23, 1950, it has not been publicized until this date because of the original ridicule to which the photographer was subjected by his friends. At FLYING SAUCERS' request, he has made a print, available to us.

ON April 23, 1950, I was walking through the woods in the hills near Red Bud, Illinois. I was a part-time photographer, hoping to get some wildlife shots. Of course, crashing through the brush in broad daylight was no way to get wildlife pictures; I really just wanted to hike through the woods. However, I took my camera along for appearances' sake. As I came down the south side of a hill, the woods broke away into a clearing on a gentle slope. Quickly I saw the green-and-brown hills about bathed in bright sunshine. It was then that I noticed that the clearing extended into the horizon, from here to telephone poles. From here, I could see the green-and-brown hills about bathed in bright sunshine.

I got the shock of my life. Suspended at what seemed a height of no more than twenty feet directly over me, with no visible means of support—the huge, round, shaded, metallic bottom of what proved to be a disc hung motionless in mid-air. I wouldn't dare to hazard a guess at how big the thing was. It looked enormous.

Very slowly, then, the huge disc began moving away from me, southwest. The bottom seemed convex, and the upper surface likewise, but it seemed that the upper surface reached up to form a dome atop the disc's edge. This top, semi-spherical was reddish in color, and the rest of the thing, below a distinct line where the dome started, seemed to be of clear metallic substance. The object stopped moving, and hovered motionless, out over the hills. After a few seconds, it again started moving slowly, this time to my left, east ward. Once more it stopped and hung in mid-air out over the hills. Only now did enough shock wear off to permit me to move consciously. I caught the object in the viewer and snapped the shutter.

Immediately, the thing took off beyond the horizon. It was just gone in a flash. I wondered about the heat, or the way, and my exertion in walking, and imagined that perhaps I hadn't really seen anything at all. My arm was trembling violently as I looked at my watch. It read 3:58.

I did not then know what I am about to relate, but this is the story they tell in De Soto, Illinois about fifty miles roughly southeast of where I'm made my sighting.

It was about four o'clock of the same day. A newsboy named Donald Gene was, as usual, peddling his bicycle down U.S. Route 51 to make some deliveries south of town. He stopped before the Greene residence, which was right next to the highway in the open countryside. Mrs. Greene was up on the roof, presumably fixing a leak. It was noticing Mr. Greene that caused the newsboy to look up. In the blue sky above, he saw what he later described as looking like the bottom of a silver saucer.

"Hey," he said, pointing at the object, "look at that!"

Puzzled, Mr. Greene from the roof and Mrs. Greene from the ground first looked at him, and then followed his indication. They caught sight of the thing in the sky. The three observers stared with one accord as the saucer remained set in the air. After a short while, it took off, to quote the newsboy, "faster than any jet, straight south for Carbondale."

Later (I was still ignorant of this incident), my photographic print proved that what I'd seen from the hillside had not been a bizarre hallucination, but a bizarre fact.

I was, of course, most enthusiastic about my flying saucer. The first person with whom I conversed after my experience was a portly friend, whom I shall not name here, who came over to my house in Paw Paw near St. Louis for a visit one evening. He was seated on the couch, I on a chair across the room from it. After some small talk, which I determinedly kept to a minimum, I sat in silence for a few seconds while I collected my thoughts. How should I say what I had to say?

At length I blurted out: "Do you believe in ... uh ... flying saucers?"

"Of course," replied my stout associate in his booming voice, as though I'd asked him whether he believed in automobiles. I was stunned. This had been too much to hope for. I had certainly never believed in flying saucers myself before my unexpected revelation; and of all people I could not have visualized my friend as a "saucerer".

"Wait," I said, leaving the room in an excited rush, I returned with my photograph, handed it to him, sat on the couch beside him and rattled off my report with missionary zeal as he gazed soberly at the picture.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

"You don't seem surprised," I said
after the conclusion of my account.
"I'm not," he said softly. "I saw
one of these once."

"You?" I was flabbergasted.

"Yes," he said. "It was purple, and
orange. A ray gun shot out of its
porthole and rayed me, and that's
what made such a mess of me. You
must believe me!" He stared at me
with a wild look in his rounded eyes.
I felt my face flush as I realized
what he was doing. "All right!" I
said hotly. "Knock it off!"

His mouth suddenly split his fat
face open as he shook with roaring
laughter. He gave his watch a glance
that was too quick, and said, "I'm
sorry, Dean Morgan old boy I'd bet-
ter go now." He got up to leave,
handing me the photo. "I'll see you
around."

"Yeah," I said, sitting where I was.

He's never "seen me around" so-
cially again.

I'd never been so angry; nor so
frustrated, for my anger was force
without direction. I couldn't blame
him; I would have behaved in a si-
milar manner had our situation
been reversed.

I showed my photo to two more
friends after that, and the responses
it evoked were enough to make me
shove the picture into a drawer and
will myself into forgetfulness. At
least, I tried to forget.

In 1956, the Reverend Don Holt
became pastor of Bunkum Road
Baptist Mission, of which I was a
member. Under his pastoral lead-
ership, the mission's song leader. One
day, after the morning services, I
saw him talking with some of the
members in the yard, as he was
wont to do. When one of the mem-
bers made a pointless joke about
flying saucers and people who see
them, I noticed that he did not
laugh with the group, but assumed
an unusually solemn expression
after those members had left him.

He was reluctant to answer, but
finally said, "I wouldn't lie to you,"
and revealed the following:

He had lived in De Soto, Illinois
at the time of my sighting. It was
now, from him, that I learned of the
newsboy's sighting I have described.
I was greatly edified to hear that
this had occurred on the same day
as my sighting; in fact, just a little
afterward. But there was more to
his story than that. My pastor, a
man of irreproachable character,
had himself seen the object! He had
been going south on U.S. Route 51
North of Carbondale city limits, he
had seen the object hovering in the
sky for an instant before streaking
away before him in the same man-
ner in which the newsboy and his
husband-and-wife confirmants de-
scribed it as streaking away from
De Soto.

I managed to contact the erst-
while newsboy, whose story was as
described.

My enthusiasm was revitalized,
and I tried desperately to get my
findings published. They were re-
jected by all popular magazines.

It was in August, 1957, that I dis-
covered "Flying Saucers" magazine.
I realized that here was a publica-
tion that was open-minded, to say
the very least. However, I was re-
luctant to write anything for it, be-
cause most of the things I found
therein seemed so . . . . I hope the
faithful will pardon my saying this
. . . crazy.

But I now feel duty-bound to tell
my story, for I know the flying sau-
cer legend is based on absolute fact,
and if that hard truth is ever to be
bared from beneath the layers of
myth, those of us who have access
to fact must disclose it.

The photograph was taken from
a hillside, not far from Red Bud
Illinois, facing south-southeast. The
lines in the upper left foreground
are utility wires, and the things in
the lower right are the tops of bushy
trees. The tops of two telephone
poles can be seen as the lines wind
down the hillside. The "saucer" is
hovering, just prior to taking off.

I get a weird, creepy feeling every
time I look at this picture. To para-
phrase something Editor Ray Pal-
mer once said, "What have I seen?
An Unidentified Flying Object."


- page 3 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION COPY)        MULLER PHOTOS                24 April 1950
SOURCE: Fawcett                             Balearic Islands

In 1950 a large flurry of UFO photographs were recorded with a photograph by Newsreel cameraman Enrique Hausemann Muller at the Balearic Islands, Spain showing a Pinwheel-shaped object spinning and throwing off rays of exhaust, taken on April 24.


- page 4 -

