There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing textual information about an unidentified aerial phenomenon observed in Alaska on February 9, 1953.

UNCLASSIFIED
ATIC NO. ------- 
AP NO.     163 581 
REPORT NO.    IB-3-50
DATE OF INCIDENT: FEB 9, 1953
TIME OF SIGHTING: 12:55 Z
SHAPE: Elliptical
SIZE:  5' Diam.
COURSE: Eastward
NO. IN GROUP: 1
SOUND: -----
PHOTOS: -----
OBSERVATORY ACTIVITY: SKETCHES (2 JAN 55)
RESTRICTED
LOCATION: Alaska 52N 171W  
SOURCE: USAF Pilot
DATE IN TO ATIC: -------
COLOR: Red and White
SPEED: Estimated 2000+ MPH
ALTITUDE: 11,000' - 12,000'?
LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED: 2 Minutes
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Aerial
MANEUVERS: -------
UNCLASSIFIED OTHER (CASE) CLEARLY INFORMATION

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly a Project Blue Book report.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would output:

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS: (Cont'd)

Arisona. This installation is controlled by the aforementioned scientists. Claims to have visited the installation on one occasion and in order to enter were instructed to discharge a one-piece overoll suit. When passing through a door, an alarm rang, and it was determined that the alarm was set off by a silver object on his person, it was not determined what the silver object was. The craft installation where he saw two small two-piece saucers. The occupants of the craft amidst were dressed, but the other were in a perfect state of preservation. The uniforms of all the occupants were indistinguishable and of material foreign to earth. They were shoes of a substance similar in thickness and texture, to human skin. These shoes appeared to be quite descriptive of the craft as having tripped landing gears with ball and socket devices. There was no indication as to the means of propulsion, though it was felt that two positions to the craft from the deck and caused the balls in two of the legs to sink when the craft was landed. It was concluded to submit the facts mentioned to: That this motion was to assist the craft in a low take-off from the men and fell to the ground. The interior of the craft, according to the informant, was a series of buttone and controls. A small radio was present which he believes is the one which he claims to have obtained from the craft at the time device, consisting of two metal discs made a complete revolution every twenty-eight (28) days. He told that his the brought the device to Denver with him. The stated that the scientists had told him that the device had been proven to be a piece of metal back to Denver with him. The Stated that the scientists had done many tests on the device and been turned over to Defense by Air Force representatives. One of whom was a three star General. According to the informant, he would not divulge the name or names of the scientists involved. During the meeting at the Ford Motor Company in Denver, he told the group that one of the engineer occupants had been removed and placed in the Conserved Institution, Chicago, Illinois. He mentioned for public display. He stated that the room had been utilized in order to display the calling on a friend of his, connected with the Smithsonian Institution, and requested information that the craft that the scientists were reviewing. He further stated that the story figures regarding flying saucers to him since early October 1949 and the last experience was by an official of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, in Washington, who stated that he was assigned from any further reference to flying saucers. He considered to be of excellent character. a non-drinker, and not known to be addicted to the use of narcotics. He further stated that he believed none of his story to be true and had no explanation for his apparent hallucination, if deemed necessary.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a declassified document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

DETAILS: (Cont'd)
1950. Reference is made to report of Special Agent 117— —.
This office made special investigations which were the exact location of the radar installation conducted by the intelligence team. No evidence was obtained to indicate that any installation was mentioned as the landing place of the flying object. The installation reported to have been visited is not a radar installation, but a place near Phoenix where scientific research is conducted by the aforementioned scientists.

RUO

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

DISTRICT G-2 P2 17 MILITARY AIR FORCE BASE, NEW MEXICO 

AT PHOENIX, ARIZONA

Will attempt to identify, locate and interview a scientist, Dr.
possibly (exact spelling unknown), located in Phoenix
or vicinity.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a report or document related to an investigation of an "UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT" (referred to as "FLYING SAUCERS FROM VENUS COME 20 BLANCE?").

OCR output:

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

TITLE: UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT
(FLYING SAUCERS FROM VENUS COME
20 FLANGE?)

CHARACTER: SPECIAL INQUIRY - UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT

REFERENCE: 3UG Rpt of Investigation, DO #16, dated 1 Feb 1950, File 24-42  

SYNOPSIS: All logical leads within the geographical boundaries of the 15th OSI District have been developed. Leads are currently outstanding to District Offices #17 and #18, Albuquerque, New Mexico, from District Offices #13 and #18.

DISTRIBUTION:
OC, AFOIO-3 (Action) 2
Eg 052 2
DO #17 (Info) 2
OG, SAO (Info) 2
Pel. "A", Kansas City 2

UNCLASSIFIED
MATTHEW THOMPSON
Lt Colonel, USAF
Commanding

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, likely covering information related to unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

Text extracted from the document:

AIR FORCE AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER 
Office of Air Intelligence Reclassified as UNCLASSIFIED 
The reports listed therein are in receipt of RUC Reports of Investigation 
from District Offices #14 and #16 in reply to Undeveloped Leads as forth 
by HEADQUARTERS PROJECT: This intelligence report is dated 20 February 1950. Distribution of the aforementioned RUC Reports has been made to interested agencies. There are no outstanding leads to be assigned to District Offices for additional investigation. The information contained therein is to be handled as PENDING Report and subject to submission. 
- PENDING -

UNCLASSIFIED.

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report related to an "Unconventional Aircraft (Flying Saucers)" incident.

UNCLASSIFIED

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT (FLYING SAUCERS) FROM VENUS TO EARTH)

SPECIAL INQUIRY - UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT

Rpt of SA LAWRENCE A. APPLEBAUM dtd 20 Jan 1950 at DO #13, File #24-51.

Investigation failed to reveal any agency or firm in Los Angeles or vicinity by the name of United States Research Laboratories who sent the article in question to the District Office addressed to that Bureau from individuals who saw the article in question in the newspapers.

DISTRIBUTION:
CG, USAF (2 copies)
Hq CSI (2)
DO #13 (2)
File (2)

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which is a declassified United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document contains text detailing the investigation of a case involving letters received by the United States Research Bureau, which were forwarded to the District Office of Special Investigations.

The text output from the document is as follows:

FILE NO. 24-42

DETAILS:
1. A check with local sources of information failed to reveal any firm or agency in Los Angeles or vicinity by the name of United States Research Bureau. The telephone directory discloses a United States Research and Development Company of 5225 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles 5, California. A check with this company reveals it is not owned by and claims no association with the individual concerned.
2. Inquiry was made with the U. S. Department of Agriculture, Bureau of Agricultural and Industrial Chemistry, 263 South Chester Avenue, Pasadena, California, and it was ascertained that this only concern in that city recently to be called the Department of Agriculture, mentioned above, was told to send their director to the 13th District Office of Special Investigations.
3. For the information of offices receiving copies of this report, it is to be mentioned that numerous letters have been forwarded to this District Office from individuals residing in Kansas and Missouri. The first batch of letters, according to Mr. REDACTED, to the U. S. Department of Agriculture, Bureau of Agricultural and Industrial Chemistry, 263 South Chester Avenue, Pasadena, California, had been forwarded to the 13th District Office of Special Investigations.

REFERRED UPON COMPLETION TO THE OFFICE OF ORIGIN

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
FILE NO. 
34-51
REPORT MADE BY
31 March 1950
TITLE
UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT
(FLYING SAUCERS FROM VIRUS CASES TO
EARTH)
CHARACTER
SPECIAL ENQUIRY
REFERENCE
RIO Report, same title, DO #17, dated 6 March 1950
SYNOPSIS
All logical leads have been developed and
reported. This investigation will be considered
CLOSED in the files of the 13th District Office
of Special Investigations.

DISTRIBUTION: 
CG, ARC (Action) 2
CG, SAC (Info) 2
HQ OSI 2
DO #17 (Info) 2
FILE 2

APPROVED 
HATHEY DODSON
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Special Investigations

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that is classified as "UNCLASSIFIED".

The text found in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

AT O'FITT AIR FORCE BASE

It is believed that with the submission of UFO Reports, District Office #915 same title, dated 6 March 1950, all logical leads have been developed and reported. This investigation will be considered CLOSED in the files of District Office #15 Office of Special Investigations.

- CLOSED -

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is an Air Intelligence Information Report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

DATE OF REPORT: 10 February 1952

DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE, ALASKAN AIR COMMAND

SUBJECT: Unidentified Object, 58 deg 3 min N - 171 deg 11 min W, 7 March 1952

REFERENCES: (a) Letter, Director of Intelligence, Alaskan Air Command, to Director of Intelligence, USAF, 15 March 1952.

SUMMARY: (Contains a detailed description of an unidentified object observed by pilots of an Alaskan Air Command aircraft on 7 March 1952. The object was described as elliptical in shape, approximately 30 to 35 feet in diameter, and moving at an estimated speed of 300 to 400 miles per hour at an altitude of approximately 7,000 feet. The object was observed for approximately two minutes and then disappeared from view.)

The report concludes by stating that the "flight path, speed, and altitude of this object are considered highly unusual and difficult to explain by conventional means". It also notes that the pilots were reliable and experienced observers.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book investigation report.

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
TITLE: UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT
(FLYING SAUCERS FROM" WICHITA OCT.
NO PICTURE)
...
SYNOPSIS: Spot intelligence report - HQ USAF NO 744 and 17, 16 January 1950.
Article in "Wyndotte Echo" Kansas City, Kansas, 6 January 1950, stated that dealers who claimed to have seen two "flying saucers" which had crashed at a radar station near the New Mexico and Arizona border. These craft, each carrying a crew of two, were constructed of some unknown metal, and were speculated to have removed from these stations all 115 hours daily, received a message in an unintelligible text, which at said this about (50) of these craft had been found in the United States in a two year period, prior (40) of them being previously at the United States Research Bureau in Los Angeles.
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS. 
DISTRIBUTION:
CG, ATC, ATIC
GIAIAIC'S, (ATdion)
HQ F30 w/Incls
DO 017, w/i Incl
DO #18, w/i Incl 
CG/SAC (Info Cpy)
Dir 511, Kansas City, Mo

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

OCR Text Output:
UNCLASSIFIED

1. This investigation was initiated at the direction of the District Commander, based on information contained in the "Wyndotte Echo", dated 6 January 1950.

2. On 14 January 1950, Mr. _____, Kansas City, Kansas, saw the story appearing in the "Wyndotte Echo", 6 January 1950, a weekly newspaper published in Kansas City, Kansas, as 7213 Minnesota Avenue, concerning flying saucers and which quoted information from a Denver, Colorado, engineer at the Ford Plant. (See Enclosure #1)

Concerning this article, the information contained in the article is believed and was as he received it from the source, at Denver, Colorado, about two months prior to the article appearing in the "Wyndotte Echo". The information received was that an unidentified and unknown object was seen over the telephone. According to the information published, an engineer at the Ford Plant, Denver, Colorado, knows Mr. _____ and his address, as does the investigative officer, Walter Thompson Advertising Company in Denver. At the time, this engineer called Mr. _____ and informed him that he had seen one of the two flying saucers which had crashed near the Arizona-New Mexico border. The engineer stated that he had taken the radio set to a radio station and was having it tested that he has to do each day a broadcasts was picked up on the radio. The broadcast was concerning to the statements be Sauquese Japs" and the United States authorities could add nothing further to the article appearing in the Wyndotte County Echo. (See copy of this article attached as Inclosure /1.)

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the "The Wyandotte Echo" from Kansas City, Kansas dated January 6, 1950. The text discusses a story of "Flying Saucers" from Venus, Ca*, coming to Earth by accident. The report provides details about two damaged ships seen by radar near the New Mexico and Arizona border, including the strange materials and clothing of the occupants. There is no mention of any human faces or identification in the text.

THE WYANDOTTE ECHO
Kansas City, Kansas
January 6, 1950

"FLYING SAUCERS" FROM VENUS, CA*, TO EARTH BY ACCIDENT, SAYS
FORD DEALER

The secret of the "Flying Saucers" is a secret no longer. Two
weeks ago a truck-load of Iowa and Michigan people came over
in Denver returning from Ogden, Utah. While there he called on the
manager and the assistant manager of "a firm" thereTheir
conversation was interrupted by a call from two engineers arranging
an immediate meeting. One of these engineers, a man named
revealed some startling information.

Says Saucer:
According to the story told he "crashed the gate" at
a radar station near the New Mexico and Arizona border after two weeks
of circling. Here they saw parts of two high secrettflying saucers."
One of these was badly damaged, while the other was almost perfectly
intact. These objects were space ships of an unusual design. They
consisted of two parts, a cockpit or cabin about six feet in diameter,
and a circular disc around two feet thick. Quick working this was.
They had a propulsionary system to lift and rotate the saucer while
the cabin remained stationary like the center of a gyroscope. The ship
had a blinding type striped landing gear. The cabin was constructed of a
metal resembling aluminum, but the actual make-up of the metal has defied
analysis. It apparently had a portion of the total metal in his possession, and
gave it to one of the "card men" with instructions to send it to the Dearn-
born plant plant laboratory to see if they could either melt it or analyze
it.

Crews Dead
Each of the two ships seen by were occupied by a crew of
two. In the badly damaged ship, these bodies were charred so badly that
little could be learned from them. The occupants of the other ship,
while dead when they were found, were not burned or disfigured, and
when they removed them, one of them opened his eyes! All two, ideal
specimens of physical perfection, were almost identical with Earth-dwelling humans, except for a few minor differences. They
were of a uniform height of three feet were uniformly blond, beardless
and their teeth were completely free of fillings or cavities.

Strange Cloth and Wood
The wood used consisted of a uniform wood, unknown on Earth,
and the threads in the clothing, seeming to be a sort of pre-woven
material, had six buttons, and the trousers were tight-fitting. Their
shoes were of a slip-on type. They did not wear undergarments, but had
their bodies had tight.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, possibly part of Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
whether this was the customary garb of these people, or whether these were "space suits" or flying suits.
The ships in this case of being in the form of small, white tabloids, about half the size of Allies, it looked like a small brown cone, which, when immersed in water, swelled to a volume of about a gallon. The ships seemed to be magnetically controlled and powered, as they had no power plant in the ship itself. No permanent or exploratory equipment was found. Is seems to plant in them and, judging from their design, they are strikingly small. Such statements are stated, were radar, or possibly radar waves interfere with their control systems.
Lunar Clock
In addition to the piece of metal, we also observed the group including a clock taken from one of the crafts. In addition, there seemed to be indications of a thin layer of material. On the face of one of these pieces of metal appeared an indentation, which, rotating around the disc, completed a cycle each 28 days, a lunar month.
Fifty Arc Round
According to the information given, there are around 50 sky of the of the United States that have been found in the United States research Bureau in Los Angeles.
He said that the best assumption as to the source of the ships was the planet Venus. That is, the object of the planet Venus that has an atmosphere that would make it to be logical home base of these space ships.
Planned "Ideal"
My assumption as to the reason behind the apparent lack of security is that the government desires the information to be spread from unofficial sources, until people are more or less familiar with the subject. He feels that the sudden shock of the fact that the interplanetary visitors are quite peaceful, and even unwilling, visitors to our planet.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a report from Project Blue Book, an official investigation into unidentified flying objects conducted by the United States Air Force.

UNCLASSIFIED
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
FILE NO. 21-1050
DATE: 27 January 1950
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
TITLE: UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT (FLYING SAUCERS FROM VENUS)
REPORT MADE BY: Capt. T. M. Grant, S/ 1, G-2
REPORT MADE AT: 26 014 Lowry AFB
FROM: 17-18-19-20-23 January 1950
BY: 1st Lt. F. A. Craifrwth
STATUS: RIC

SYNOPSIS: Interview with a citizen informant concerning flying saucers has been related. Some details of investigation, however, have been discounted through further investigation which failed to execute a signed statement if deemed necessary, and a few others part of which he cleared were taken, by him, from a flying saucer. During interview with informant, it was denied having any parts from them, and denied having any proof from them. Informant professed to believe that international flying saucers from Venus had been seen at his residence in Phoenix, Arizona, but declined to reveal their identity on the ground that he was confidential.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

AT DENVER, COLORADO

HANSEN: 1. - This is a joint investigation of Special Agent FREDRICK P. HANSEL and the writer.

2. Mr. ____, Region Engineer, Ford Motor Company, and ____, were interviewed 17 January 1950. The following information was received: 

Mr. ____ of the Weller Thompson Company, has been bringing stories concerning flying saucers to the attention of the Ford Motor Company management since 1947. These stories originated from Mr. ____, a salesman for Station KDYR in Denver, Colorado. Stories concerning flying saucers were described and the occupants and events prior to Christmas, 1947, were told. ____ had some parts, from a flying saucer he had purchased, which he requested that he be allowed to arrange an interview with some of the Ford Motor Company officials. His request was refused because it was against company policy to make any statement at this time concerning flying saucers. 

By the Ford Motor Company technicians in Dearborn, Michigan, but declined to have any entanglement near Phoenix, Arizona and had actually seen two (2) flying saucers. They were round on a method like a dish, the entire craft could be seen and turned. The other craft was intact and the occupants were in a perfect condition. These craft had a supply of food in tablet form and water weighing twice that of the tablets. One of the occupants is supposedly a scientist in Phoenix, Arizona. According to this information, Dr. ____ had given him three (3) small discs which he claimed were pieces of a flying saucer and told of fifteen (15) flying saucer occupants permating to earth near Phoenix and that they became invisible when entered.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS: (Cont'd)

firm opinion of Mr. "Paul" and Mr. "Cash" that Mr. --------- does not have a "full picture" of what transpired, off his concern. Since the meeting with Mr. --------- he has been contacted by a Washington newspaper regarding the flying saucers, but told them that he would prefer not to comment with any such information at the present time and that they would execute a signed statement if deemed necessary.

Mr. --------- of Denver, Colorado, was interviewed on 19 January 1950. He affirmed the incidents as he had told Doctor Gimbel of the company and several others. He admitted acquiring to these persons information concerning flying saucers, but denied vehemently having had any metals or gadgets. He also denied mentioning any names regarding his meetings and associations. He stated that he had no part or flying saucers and his position was that he had not seen any since his earlier encounter which was approximately two years ago. He stated that he would not give any information that he considered detrimental to government and would not reveal any source.

ago, he was told by a source a month he had not been contacted by certain government agent who stated that if he had been contacted to verify any information that he gave out to be cautious and not to reveal everything he knew. Concerning the flying saucers he claimed to have been approached by at least three magazines and offered substantial sums for his flying saucer story. He has declined to reveal any information.

4. Mr. --------- , Field representative, Company, Denver, Colorado branch, was interviewed on 23 January 1950. --------- stated that he had been following the flying saucer incidents since early in October 1949 and described one of these saucers seen by a control tower operator as about 100 feet in diameter, reddish in color, and showed phenomenal performance that amazed those who saw it. He stated the speed of these saucers was around 100,000 miles per second. He had not connected this source of information with the sightings of Phoenix, Arizona and four other scientists. He told researchers who were either related to one of them, or a friend of some of them, that they had obtained a dinner invitation through Phoenix from the Wyoming group and kept in contact with these scientists and gathered quite a bit of information concerning the flying saucers were landing near Albuquerque, New Mexico, due to the attraction of the radar installation nearby. He presummed that the radar activity had an effect on these saucers since they were powered by a magnetic drawn from the atmosphere, according to the information he had been given. These saucers, according to --------- , have been transported to an installation near Phoenix.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 18 -

