DATE OF POST: 19 Dec 1950
LOCATION: London, England
SOURCE: Newspaper Rpt
REMARKS: Unexplained chunks of ice dropping over Britain.

Temporary ATIC Form 329
(2 Jan 52)

Most other fields on the form are left blank with "---" or empty spaces.


- page 1 -

UNCLASSIFIED
30 November 1950

J. J. Rodgers MCIAA-la NCB

Recent news broadcasts state that small transparent objects resembling bricks have dropped from the sky in Great Britain. It was stated that several of these objects were found but an investigation revealed that the objects had nothing to do with experiments being conducted by any branches of the military services. In conclusion, one commentator stated that "it looks like more flying saucers." It is suggested that the British be contacted for further details on this incident.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERV
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEAR
DOD DIR 5200.10

J. J. RODGERS MCIAA-la

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

DAILY NEWS

Heavenly Ice "Bombs" Hot Subject In Britain

BY ROBERT MUSEL
LONDON, Dec. 9.-(UP)- The
case of the heavenly ice cubes
was reopened today, just when
the British air ministry was
congratulating itself on averting
another flying-saucer scare.

For the last few months,
chunks of ice have fallen from
the skies on various areas of
Britain. One silver hit and killed
a sheep.

The ice bombing coincided
with serials in two Sunday news-
papers hinting that visitors from
another world were watching
the earth from flying saucers.
Hundreds of readers of the
pseudo-scientific articles linked
the ice and the "men from
Mars."

Some persons took a flippant
view. They claimed the other
world was proving it had refrigerators—still scarce in Britain.
The mysterious appearance of
the ice caused so much comment

SUNDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1950

to find another explanation. Until
its experts do so, a new theory
is likely to be popular. Some

SECRETARY of State for Air
Arthur Henderson told the House
of Commons he was able to report
that ice apparently formed like
pipes from which planes scatter
washing water in 20,000 ft.

Adjustment before being made,
he said. The ice-cube pettings
would stop.

"But," he said, yesterday a block
of ice about one foot, square
crashed on the high road outside London and no planes were
heard at the time.

Even more shattering to Henderson's hopes were old records
which showed that lumps of ice
clattered down on Shakespeare's
old home town of Stratford-onAvon in 1838.

So now the air ministry had

folk hold that the ice really does
come from another world—probably by clinging to meteors.


- page 3 -

