There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

ATIC NO.:
AP NO.:
UTC-T NT.: 1240
SI I APL: Orange
SI/f-: 1i" long 8" wide
COLO11: -
NO. IN GROUP: 1
COURSE: "light peal of thunder"
SKETCH:
(SUMMARY ATIC FORM 3i9)
(4 JAN 52)

DATE OF INFO: 12 AUG 50
LOCATION: Bogalusa, La.
SOURCE: Civilian 
DATE IN TO ATIC:
SPEED: 250 mph
ALTITUDE: 1500 |-2500'
LENGTH OF TIME: (censored)
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground
MAN-URES Object seemed to travel
4 i,1 a- 4 at 15" single

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a detailed report about an unidentified aircraft sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS, FIGHTER COMMAND,
ROYAL AIR FORCE
STANMORE, MIDDLESEX

22nd August 1950

UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT

Sir,

I have the honour to forward the following report of an unidentified aircraft:

1. On 20th August a pair of aircreat were observed from Borahas St. Faith at approximately 22000 feet at 12.00 hours. They appeared to be plotting aircraft at approximately 30000 feet at a great distance and above making two distinct trails on heading of 250 degrees.

2. A detailed investigation has been carried out but these aircraft have not been positively identified. It was considered possibly these having been U.S.A.A.F. aircraft from Bentwaters No.21. Group, 2nd Air Division U.S.A.A.F. Central Fighter Establishment, R.A.F. Duxford, R.A.F. Honington, Cranfield, Wattisham and Bassingbourn.

3. No further investigation is being carried out, as all authorities who might have had aircraft in this area have already been contacted.

I have the honor to be
Sir,
Your Obedient Servant

(F.W. DOWLING, Sqdn. Ldr.)
AIR OFFICER COMMANDING-IN-CHIEF
FIGHTER COMMAND ROYAL AIR FORCE

The Under Secretary of State
Air Ministry A.C.A.S.(I)
37 Dover Street
London, S.W.I.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED D.D.I.(Tech)/7824/50.
Air Ministry, D.D.I.(Tech).,
70b Finch House,
Metropole Buildings,
Northumberland Avenue,
London, W.C.2.
5th September 1950.

"UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT"

I have the honour to refer to your letter on the above subject dated 22nd August 1950 rer. 50/5/27/Int. and to state that the following information on the following points:

a. For what length of time had the aircraft's track been observed prior to the scrambling of the meteors at 1400 and from what direction had it appeared?

b. What was the speed prior to the scrambling and were there any subsequent alterations? What was the ground speed and direction at 40,000 feet?

c. What was the hostile's outgoing track and for how long was it observed?

d. Has any check been made with the Dutch C. & E. R. organisation for that date or Allied squadrons operating in that area?

e. This report is considered most interesting as if it can be positively established that an aircraft was flying at the time, area and height, then consideration must be given to the possibility of an aircraft like the Type 27 I.s.f.R. role.

I have the honour to be,
Sir,
Your obedient Servant,
H. Basset Collins
Group Captain, D.D.I.(Tech)
Headquarters, Fighter Command
Royal Air Force, 
Stanmore, UNCLASSIFIED

Attention Chief Intelligence Officer

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Headquarters, Fighter Command,
Royal Air Force,
Bentley Priory. 
STANMORE, Middlesex.

7th September 1950.

Ref: TC/S.42827/INS

UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT

Sir,

1. I have the honour to refer to your letter DDI(Tech) 752A/50 dated 5th September 1950 and to submit the following replies to part 1a:-

a. Plot appeared 055 degrees true Masthead 90 miles range - two minutes before aircraft ordered to scramble.  
b. Direction 210°, wind speed and direction at 40,000 feet. - 35-40 knots.
c. See Appendix "A". 
d. No check has been made by this Headquarters and it is suggested that approach sights recorded at certain stations by R.A.F. at air ministry level through Air Attaches.

2. The Appendix A is a copy of Eastern Sector's signal A-3 dated 14th September, which gives a comprehensive report on the incident under discussion.

3. The speed given in para 1(b) was computed from the tracking at R.T.C. and computed from the previous figure of 250 knots (computed at A.T.C.C. WATNAL) given in the Appendix and this information.

I have the honour to be,
Sir,
Your Obedient Servant,

P.W. DOWLING, Sqdn.Ldr.
for Air Marshal
Air Officer Commanding in Chief
FIGHTER COMMAND ROYAL AIR FORCE

Air Ministry, D.D.I(Tech)
7th Floor, Humber House,
Northumberland Avenue, 
LONDON, W.C.2.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

From: Eastern Center Headquarters 
To: Headquarters No. 12 Group
Date: 7th September 1950.
Ref: FO.8.42917/INT

UNCLASSIFIED

83th/Lt Operation Procedure 2-12-29a

13 August 1950 Ref your 1899 August 24th. At 1322 hours G.H.T. pilot approached 095 degrees 50 miles from high river 12000 feet. Pilot says Red Section leader ordered him to descend. He climbed to 13,000 feet then turned North. At 1325 hours Red Section leader observed 2 aircraft heading North on a parallel course from him at a distance of 1.5 miles. Pilot climbed to 15,500 feet. At 1335 hours Red Section observed 3 more aircraft on starboard beam and .5 above Red Section steering a parallel course. No contact was made and Red Section climbed to 18,000 feet. At 1342 hours Red Section turned at 6 o'clock range 5 miles. Pilot conformed with ground and had Red Section turn West. At 1345 hours Red Section turned North again and headed on opposite course from 1342 hours. No contact was made. At 1345 hours joint plot was then in position 5 miles South of Lethbridge. Plot changed again at 1349 hours and was assumed to be a combined plot until such time as Red Section resumed contact. At 1345 hours plot was still in position 5 miles South of Lethbridge but this was assumed to be a combined plot until such time as Red Section resumed contact. At 1345 hours controller at opinion that unidentified aircraft had abandoned area. At 1345 hours Red Section climbed to 20,000 feet. Red Section then turned starboard behind section. Trailing action was completed. 

No aircraft were seen. Trails were last seen at 1349 hours. Red Section did not again gain visual contact. An experienced leader and controller throughout was by D.G.M. Weathershead on main station which was coordinated on base and forwards which could in any way be connected with the original plot.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with the title "SIGHTING AT GREAT FALLS, MONTANA 15 AUG 1950" and text describing the details of a reported UFO sighting. The text mentions that the sighting is in a separate folder and instructs the reader to immediately follow this folder.

SIGHTING AT 
GREAT FALLS, MONTANA 
15 AUG 1950
IS IN A SEPARATE FOLDER
IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING
THIS FOLDER

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text appears to be a description of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting that occurred near Bogalusa, Louisiana on August 19, 1950 as part of Project Blue Book. The text describes the appearance of the object, its movements, and the witness's observations. There is no human face or person identified in the text.

Text extracted from the document:

"FLYING SAUCER", AND NEAR IT'S MOTOR-
A witness, who lives about 6 miles east of Bogalusa, Louisiana, while driving down what might be described as a "country road" and reaching up to her right, to the seat, were many tall, stately, ping trees, saw an object, about 40 to 50 feet long, and shaped like a "flying saucer", about 400 to 500 feet in the air. 
At 5:40 p.m. on August 19, 1950 (the Saturday), while enrolling down what might be described as a "country road" and reaching up to her right, to the seat, were many tall, stately, ping trees, she noticed the object directly overhead and exclaimed: "Oh, look there goes one". 
"Flying saucer" as it did not hover the object an quickly as the did, but it was more concerned with what I heard than with what I saw. The thing did not have a motor, and there was no sound at all, and this fact, coupled with the swiftness of its movements, makes me think that, unlike the conventional type "propjet" gasoline motor, they did not have any sound or "roar" at all because there were no explosion occurring of any kind. When it first appeared, it was flying rather low, about 400 to 500 feet, but it was only a matter of seconds if disappeared altogether. In view of the noise the thing made, it would appear that we should have heard it before it got directly overhead. It suddenly decided that this was a time to back home, and because of the many tall trees down our right, we were talking, and became of the many tall trees on our right.
Regarding my allowance for height, etc. the "saucer" appeared to be rounded, and not square, at each end. The center was a round object, about the size of a 55 gallon drum of oil, and shaped or of the color of old gold.
in view of the noise the thing made, it would appear that we should have heard it before it got directly overhead. It suddenly decided that this was a time to back home, and because of the many tall trees down our right, we were talking, and became of the many tall trees on our right. 
Flying up or out of sight so rapidly, it was not an common sight to see those things, apparently flying them. I tried, after it was gone, to look at the sky where it disappeared, but we could find no further verification of this fact, and my sister-in-law confirmed that this was the first one they had seen.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with handwritten text. As an OCR system, I will extract all the text from the document:

I babily would have dismissed the whole affair shortly after returning to the house, following our Stroll up the road, (which I was of the opinion to call "The Young People's Magazine.") In this issue was a story which seemed most curious. It told of a family to whom a strange occurrence happened a few days after, what they said, was a "great sight in the sky" seen by the family. The story mentioned that on the evening of August 12, 1946, there was witnessed by the family a strange object in the sky. "It seemed round and lit up" and, as the story goes, the object was also seen by others. Later, a Mr. Delph, a man who lived near the family, came to their home to inquire as to what they had seen. He showed great interest, it is stated. 

The story was illustrated with several pictures, the captions of which were to the effect that the pictures showed the "actual sightings" of the strange object that had been seen. However, the descriptive matter did not indicate just what the pictures portrayed, and to me they seemed more like imaginings of what the "object" may have looked like, rather than actual photographs of the thing itself. I was not imagining anything of that nature. We were certainly not imagined; we were looking into the matter scientifically, and our interest, as is our nature, was simply to try to determine, if possible, what natural phenomena were witnessed.

Several pictures, the story goes, were taken of actual sightings that had been seen. In various parts of the country, we were told, there were "flying saucers" seen in the skies of Arlington, Virginia, and when the picture was taken at Richardson Heights, Dallas, Texas, here was one, too. However, the descriptive matter did not indicate the size or location of the object. But the thing was, the description stated that five men at the Chase National Bank, building in New York City, said they saw an object resembling one that they called a "flying saucer" pass over their building at 10:30 a.m., July 24, 1946. They said they saw it pass over their building that morning, without making any noise, and it disappeared in the northeast direction.

The story indicated that five men (persons) were involved in the incident, including a Mr. Rowe, who gave off no smoke or flame, and said "Here comes Superman.", when they saw the strange object. It was also stated that they were of the opinion, or thought, that the object was "a flying saucer" which, according to the story, "may they (saucers) were opinions, thought to be a development of some secret aerial device!" The article stated that he (Rowe?) advised, "and the saucers will disappear."

It was stated that (1) we did see the "flying saucer" as described, and (2) we do not intend to say clearly (and do that by request which is being compiled with:) "If you should happen to see a 'Saucer' and you are intelligible, Da. Trion, Dayton, Ohio, and tell them all about it."

Lake Charles, Louisiana, September 10, 1950.
1325 Bank Street.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
NEWFOUNDLAND BASE COMMAND
PEPPERRELL AIR FORCE BASE
APO 677, C/O POSTMASTER, N.Y., N.Y.

UNCLASSIFIED

AUG 2 1 1950

SUBJECT: Transmittal Report of Investigation
M21/291 Br-133. 12 August 1950.

TO : Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio
Attn: MCIAXO-S

Transmitted herewith is CSI report of investigation
24-185* for your information and disposition.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

[Signature]
V. W. BOWDEN
Captain, USAF 
Asst Adj Gen

DOWNGRADED 6 YEAR INTERVALS 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
HOLD FOR RECORD

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATION
21 August 1950

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft sighted by Mrs. James ALLEN,
18 August 1950, File Rock, Newfoundland.

TO: Commander
Military Air Transport Service
Washington 25, D. C.
ATTN: Office of Special Investigations

1. Synopsis:
Mrs. 
Newfoundland stated that at 2215 hours, 12 August 1950 she sighted some manner of unconventional aircraft flying in a southerly direction over the vicinity of Red Rock (a point near File Rock).

2. Details:
Mrs. 
File Rock, Newfoundland offers the following statements: On 12 August 1950, between 2215 and 2220 hours, I was out behind my house, 2. I heard a fairly loud hissing sound and I looked out to observe a strange object in the sky traveling from south to north towards Deer Lake Airport (Southerly direction). It appeared to be about 110 feet up (estimated by reference). It was about 45 feet long and about 12 feet in diameter. There was a reddish glow along the front and the rear was dark. The object made no reflection on the clouds. The sky was clear and bright. It was going very fast. I could not say the speed. 
Weather Station, Torbay, Newfoundland was checked and it was discovered that only one C-54 aircraft was in the air during the evening of 12 August 1950 at 2115 hours and again at approximately 2330 hours. No jet aircraft have been recorded in the vicinity during the month of August.

Weather Station, Torbay, Newfoundland was checked for the weather on 12 August 1950 with the following results: At 2000 hours, visibility 12 miles, scattered clouds at 10,000 feet, temperature 52°, at 2200 hours sky clear, winds 12 mph, little change during the balance of the night except for a mild change in temperature. Dew point remained at approximately 57°.

CARL B. JACKSON
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Air Transport

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's UFO investigation program.

UNCLASSIFIED UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF INFORMATION SERVICES REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
TITLE: UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT SIGHTED BY Mrs. James ALLEN
PLACE: FLAT ROCK, NEWFOUNDLAND
PERIOD: 16 - 21 AUGUST 1950
OFFICE OF ORIGIN: APO 652, 9/c PM, NEW YORK, NEW YORK
STATUS: R.U.C.
REFERENCE: AFCSI LETTER 108
SYNOPSIS: Mrs. ALLEN, of FLAT ROCK, NEWFOUNDLAND stated that at 2215 hours, 12 AUGUST 1950 she sighted the silhouette of an unconventional aircraft (see attached drawing) flying in a southerly direction over the vicinity of FLAT ROCK.
DETAILS: Mrs. ALLEN, of FLAT ROCK, NEWFOUNDLAND offers the following statement: On 12 AUGUST 1950, at approximately 2215 hours, I was out behind my house. I had a fairly loud hiss, and I looked out toward RED HEAD (North, north-east) and I saw an object flying toward (Southeasterly direction). It appeared to be about 110 feet up (estimated by ground distance). It was about 2-1/4 miles above a farm house in a southerly direction. It was dark except for a red flare held in its front and the rear was dark. It made no sound. It moved on towards Norley airport and out of sight. It was going very fast. I could not hear any sound.
Torchy Traffic was checked and it was discovered that only one F-94 aircraft was in the air during the evening of 12 AUGUST 1950 at 2115 hours and again at approximately 2130 hours. No jet aircraft have been recorded in the vicinity during the month of AUGUST.
DISTRIBUTION: 
CG AMC - 2
HQ MATS - 2 
OSI - 2
GO PEPPERRELL - 2
File - 2

- page 11 -

The image contains a hand-drawn illustration depicting a UFO-like object. There is no photograph present in this image.

Weather Station, Torby, Newfoundland was checked for the weather on 12 August 1950 with the following details:
- Visibility is scattered clouds at 10,000 feet, temperature 65 degrees, humidity 82%, winds 12 mph.
- Little change in temperature. Dew point remained at approximately 57.

STATUS: Referred upon completion to office of origin.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Third Air Division of the Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff, Intelligence, regarding an unidentified aircraft over the United States.

The text of the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT: Unidentified Aircraft Over U.S.

TO: Director of Intelligence
Headquarters, United States Air Force
Washington, 25, D.C.

1. Following is a summary covering the recent penetration of British air space by an aircraft not known to belong to a friendly country:

SUMMARY: An unidentified aircraft was plotted by RAF Fighters Control Center at 18:40/12 B.S.T. on 10/19/50, heading at Mach 0.92 towards the Scilly Isles at 35,000 feet. Unable to intercept. The aircraft continued towards the coast of England where its trail was lost. No further action is being taken at this time. 

2. Attached are copies of correspondence dealing with above subject.

ROBERT TOWLE
Colonel, USAF
DCS/Intelligence

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
PSD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document titled "Unidentified Aircraft Over U.S.".

HEADQUARTERS
Office of the DIARY AIR-DIVISION, Intelligence
UNCLASSIFIED 
APO 125, c/o Postmaster
New York, New York
SUBJECT: Unidentified Aircraft Over U.S.
TO: Director of Intelligence
Headquarters, United States Air Force
Washington, 25, D. C.
1. Following is a summary covering the recent penetration of British air space by an aircraft not known to belong to a friendly country:
SUMMARY: An unidentified aircraft was sighted by RAF Fighter Command Control at 10,000 feet off Cromer, England (52°56'N - 01°18'E) at 1605, 14 August 1950. Height 15,000 to 20,000 feet, speed 500 knots. Two fighter aircraft of RAF Horsham St. Faith were scrambled to investigate, but by the time the Meteors had reached 38,500 feet, the object had disappeared. The appearance of separate trails suggested the object had split, as reported by the pilots. Investigation of this action is being pursued.
2. Attached are copies of correspondence dealing with above subject.

ROBERT TOTTEN
Colonel USAF
DCS/Intelligence

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 14 -

