The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

Transcribed text from the document:

FACTS OF TYPO
9 March 1950
LOCATION:    Orangeburg, S.C.
WITNESSES:  Several
DATE & TIME OF OBSERVATION:    Morning - 25 March 1950
DURATION:     1800 to 1822 EST
DIRECTION FROM OBSERVER:    Central
POSITION OF OBJECT:   Very small
ALTITUDE:    Very high
SPEED:        Extremely fast
MANNER OF FLIGHT: Ground
VISUAL OBSERVATIONS:  Object was observed by Army investigator. 
very probably was aircraft from light flare.
ASTRO: 5 M7 C.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY
FORT McPHERSON, GEORGIA

AJACI-3 360.33  14 March 1950

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft

TO: Commanding General
  Air Materiel Command
  Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
  Dayton, Ohio

Attention: MOI (Control No. A-1917)

Enclosed herewith is a summary of information re sighting of supposed flying saucer over Orangeburg, South Carolina.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

JOHN MEADE
General, GSC
AC of S, G-2

1 Incl:
s/x dtd 14 Mar 50

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a text-based document from Project Blue Book containing a summary of information about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting over Orangeburg, South Carolina.

Text from the document:

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION
DATE: 14 March 1950
SUBJECT: G-2, Hq Third Army, Fort McPherson, Georgia
UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT CITED OVER ORANGEBURG, SOUTH CAROLINA
The ATLANTA JOURNAL, 10 March 1950, carried the following articles:
"Orangeburg, S.C., March 10 - A mysterious object reported by a growing number of flying saucer reports with the description of a disk which disappeared over Orangeburg about 10:15 minutes, then disappeared leaving a vapor trail."
"Six members of the staff of the ORANGEBURG TIMES and DEMOCRAT said they saw the disk Thursday night after Mrs. Donald Law, wife of the city editor, told them about it. They said it was about the size of a new moon, brighter."
"Published said the disk appeared to turn slowly in the air and disappearing and reappearing in the western sky. Two reporters of the composing room employees said they saw the disk while driving on a highway 15 miles outside Orangeburg."
"Another flying saucer was reported Thursday by residents of Van Nuys, Calif., who told police they saw a bright disk flying about 400 feet in the air. All witnesses said they were sure it was not an aircraft or any known variety."
"Composer___ and actor___ and his wife said they
studied the disk through a telescope and it appeared to be 50 feet in diameter."
"At the same time Mexican and U.S. Government officials in Mexico City denied a report that a flying saucer had crashed near the capital with a 25-inch man aboard."
"However, the Mexican government newspaper, EL NACIONAL, quoted a famous Mexican astronomer as saying the numerous disks reported over Mexico 'carry visitors from Mars.'"
"The unidentified Mexican scientist wrote that the manner of flight and propulsion of the disks 'make it obvious that they come from another world.' He said his claim would be confirmed in the near future 'when one of the disks is chased to earth by some military planes.'"

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALSCode: JOB 33-C.O.LO.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically a memo from Headquarters Third Army in Fort McPherson, Georgia, dated March 15, 1950.

The text of the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY
FORT McPHERSON, GEORGIA

AVAGI-3 360.33 15 March 1950

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft

TO: Commanding General
     Air Material Command 
     Wright-Patterson Air Force Base

Attention: MOI (Control No. A-1917)

Enclosed herewith is a newspaper clipping re sighting of supposed flying saucer over Columbia, South Carolina.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

/S/ JOHN HEADS
Colonel, GSC
AC of S, G-2

1 Incl:
Clipping dtd 10 Mar 50

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a newspaper article from "The Columbia Record" dated March 10, 1950, with the headline "Flying Saucers Back! Seen Over Columbia".

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

"THE COLUMBIA RECORD" Newspaper
Columbia, S. C. CARROLL 
10 March 1950

"Flying Saucers Back! 
Seen Over Columbia"

The CHARLES SANDERS family of 1308 Park ave. near the city limits, reported seeing four bright discs or "flying saucers" in the sky over Columbia yesterday afternoon about 1:20 p. m. According to Mrs. Sanders these objects were flying in a line, one behind the other, with a streak like a fine thread connecting them, and another wide white streak flashing across the sky. Mrs. Sanders said she called her husband and son to come out and see the objects, and they also saw them distinctly. She said the objects were trave1ing very swiftly and soon disappeared from view. 

Another witness, Mrs. John C. Brown, who lives near Dentsville, also reported seeing four flying saucers which passed over Columbia from Dentsville. Mrs. Brown said the objects were traveling at a tremendous rate of speed, and it was only a matter of seconds before they were out of sight. 

This Agent witnessed the above phenomenon and it appeared as follows: The objects, presumably a very high flying aircraft, were traveling in a northwest/southeast direction, three in a line and one trailing behind. At first glance, they appeared to be airplanes, but did not make any sound. The objects were proceeding on a horizontal course, but did not leave any vapor trail which it left appeared to be slightly arched. The centers of the vapor trail were quite thin and dissipated very soon, leaving what appeared to be the wind trail blown from west to east, which made it appear like the two craft were not moving very fast. The objects appeared and disappeared in only a matter of seconds. The craft was so high and going almost too fast for this Agent to observe anything but the vapor trail that appeared at approximately 1:05 and the dissipating trails were still able to be observed at 1:08 hours. This Agent could not determine the true size, shape or color of the objects, but this phenomenon of the vapor trail from a very high flying aircraft.

FAO #13
Columbia, S.C.

(Continued From Page One)
drive, a former air corps gunner, reported seeing a white cylindrical object move slowly across the city from the south at about 5 p.m. He said it moved without a sound. Patrolman W. T. Clark, also was on traffic duty when he saw the strange object. He said it was a silver-colored plane that appeared to hover in the sky, then suddenly dart away at a terrific speed, all without a sound. He said it took 12 minutes to get over a mile of the city.
Mrs. Easterling, a receptionist at the Jefferson Standard building, said she and two other persons on the staff there said they saw a "tremendous object" over the city near the 5 o'clock hour Monday evening.
She described it as a "silver-colored plane" that was traveling very slowly at first and then darted away rapidly, appearing to accelerate tremendously.
At Orangeburg, former Air Force Major L. Z. Waldram said he and Mrs. Waldram were in their car when they saw the object over Columbia. He said: "It was the strangest thing I've ever seen. It was not an airplane, and it was not a satellite or any known object." Waldram said they watched the object for about 10 minutes, and that it seemed to hover and then dart away.

There has been no word from the Mexican government about such a strange interplanetary affair. El Nacional, quoted a former air force minister as saying the numerous discs reported over Mexico recently "carry visitors from Mars."

- page 5 -

