Here is the text I can read from the document:

Holloman AFB, New Mexico
20 March 1950

[Top portion of text is partially illegible, but appears to be an official military communication]

[Bottom portion of the first page contains some legible text fragments, but many words are obscured]

At the bottom of the page, two clear phrases are visible:
"Objects actually tracked"
"INSUFF DATY" [likely meant to be "INSUFFICIENT DATA"]

The bottom half of the page appears to be a form or report with many redacted/blacked out sections, with "Holloman AFB, N.M." visible on one line.

Much of the text is too faint or blurry to confidently transcribe in full.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

EHO 00.92/1                                                31 May 50
                                                            JUL 13 1950

SUBJECT: Aerial Phenomena

TO:    Commanding Officer
        AF Cambridge Research Laboratory
        Attn: Base Directorate, Geophysical Research
        230 Albany St.,
        Cambridge, Massachusetts

1. Per request of Dr. A. O. Mirarchi, during recent visit to this base, the following information is submitted.

2. Sightings were made on 27 April and 24 May 1950 of aerial phenomena during morning daylight hours at this station. The sightings were made by Langley, Inc., personnel while engaged in tracking regular projects with Askania Phototheodolites. It has been reported that objects are sighted in some number; as many as eight have been visible at one time. The individuals making these sightings are professional observers therefore I would rate their reliability superior. In both cases photos were taken with Askania.

3. The Holloman AF Base Data Reduction Unit analyzed the 27 April pictures and made a report, a copy of which I am enclosing with the film for your information. It was believed that triangulation could be effected from pictures taken on 24 May because pictures were taken from two stations. The films were rapidly processed and examined by Data Reduction. However, it was determined that sightings were made on two different objects and triangulation could not be effected. A report from Data Reduction and the films from the sighting are enclosed.

4. There is nothing further to report at this time.

4 Incls:
Incl #1-Data Red Rpt #1
Incl #2-Data Red Rpt #2
Incl #3-Film, P-10, 24 May 50
Incl #4-Film, P-8, 24 May 50
Incl #5-Film, P-10, 27 Apr 50
Incl #6-Map of HAFB Range

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

Objects observed following MX 776A test of 27 April 1950
2nd Lt.                                                                                                EROSIR                                                                                                15 May 50     1

1. According to conversation between Col. Baynes and Capt. Bryant, the following information is submitted directly to Lt. Albert.

2. Film from station P10 was read, resulting in azimuth and elevation angles being recorded on four objects. In addition, size of image on film was recorded.

3. From this information, together with a single azimuth angle from station M7, the following conclusions were drawn:
   a. The objects were at an altitude of approximately 150,000 feet.
   b. The objects were over the Holloman range between the base and Tularosa Peak.
   c. The objects were approximately 30 feet in diameter.
   d. The objects were travelling at an undeterminable, yet high speed.

WILBUR L. MITCHELL                                                                                   WIM/rd
Mathematician                                                                                         ext 172
Data Reduction Unit

The other two movies were made at the White Sands Proving Grounds with Askania Cinc theolodite-scientific tracking cameras for following guided missiles. The first was made on April 27, 1950. Shortly after a missile was fired and had soared into the stratosphere and fallen, someone spotted an object in the sky. The theolodites were hooked up by an intercom system, and several stations were instructed to try to get pictures. Unfortunately, only one camera had film. The picture showed a muddy, dark object, not very well defined.

DECLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 3 -

At the top of the document, I can partially read "FLYING SAUCER INTERNATIONAL" though some text is blurry.

Most of the text on the page is too illegible to accurately transcribe. There is a blacked-out/redacted silhouette of what appears to be an object or shape on the right side of the document.

The bottom of the page seems to have some text, but it is not clear enough to confidently reproduce.

The document appears to be an old, somewhat degraded black and white document with significant areas of illegible text.


- page 4 -

March 11, 1958

Captain Wallace C. Marley, USA
Production Branch
Audio-Visual Division, OPI, OASD(PA)
Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Captain Marley:

Thank you for your cordial and informative communication of 28 February, produced. Your continued cooperation - and patience - is appreciated.

Naturally, I shall keep in touch with your office as the script to my projected documentary progresses. However, the narrative will gradually develop as the editorial for the production is successively screened, edited and timed. Therefore, rich of script of this post-card film will, depend precisely on what film is available, including the stock footage to be made available by the Department of Defense.

So you can see that I am in a rather nebulous position at the moment. But I am certain that ties will resolve everything. I would wonder if you would be kind enough to tell me just what the purchase of stock footage entails? Thank you.

There is another point that I wish you would clarify. With reference to my inquiry into the availability of four motion pictures of UFO's reportedly in the possession of the Air Force. You responded "...the people footage that you have requested has been checked by the Department of the Air Force and there is no record of its existence."

This reply has me a bit mystified. One of the films about which I inquired was allegedly taken by a cine-theodolite crew at Edwards AFB, Calif., on 3 May, 1957, and I have a letter from Major Robert F. Penne, USAF, describing the film in some detail.

As to the gun-camera shot near Wright-Patterson AFB on 20 August, 1952, lot me here quote the caption to a frame from this film as reproduced in TRUE Magazine for December 1952: "Hovering object that was scanned by radar and soon by ground watchers was caught on film by a pilot, jet pilot. Those untouched 35 mm. gun-camera movie frames, released to TRUE by the Air Force, were taken at 30,000 feet, near Wright Field, at 11 a.m. on August 20, 1952." From the appraised of the enlarged frames, I believe the movie was shot on 16mm and not 35mm film.

And the White Sands cine-theodolite films were referred to by Edward J. Ruppelt, Capt., USAF, former chief of Project Blue Book in his book, The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects (p. 279): "...to had or knew about four strips of movie film that fell into the 'Unknown' category. Two of the cine-theodolite movie shots had been taken at White Sands Proving Ground in April and May of 1950...." Capt. Ruppelt's book was supposedly cleared by DOD Security and Review on 5 December, 1955.


- page 5 -

SAFIS-3/Maj Tacker/JA/73328

14 April 1953

Dear Mr. Miller:

Captain Farley has requested that we answer your letter of 11 March 1953, since to date no information you request in our area was received.

First, regarding your request for the procedure to procure about 1000 feet of 16mm motion picture film -- footage may be purchased by representatives of recognized motion picture and television agencies, on the basis of scripts submitted to the Department of Defense and approved in advance of film production. Approved scripts are forwarded to the appropriate film depository where the producer may select for purchase such footage as is commensurate with the production of the specific script.

I should caution you that good motion picture footage of UFO is not now, nor has it ever been, available. As was pointed out in earlier correspondence, exhaustive research was conducted by and for the producers of the Armstrong Circle Films. In finding, they could not find a small piece of film that would register on a television screen.

If you will re-read your correspondence, dated 11 June 1957, from Major Robert F. Spence, you will note that there is not any mention of motion picture footage of the Edwards incident. I should also add, since you cited Mr. Murrell's book, that it was cleared only for security purposes and in fact a disclaimer for factual accuracy was made at that time by the Department of Defense.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt-Jsg, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. Max B. Miller
Director
Flying Saucers International
1420 S. Ridgeley Drive
Los Angeles 19, California

COMEBACK-SAFIS-3
READBACK-SAFIS-1
STAYBACK-SAFIS-3


- page 6 -

