DATE OF REPORT: 17 March 1950

LOCATION: Roslyn, N.Y.

SOURCE: Female Civilian

TIME OF SIGHTING: 0930 EST

SHAPE: Contraril

SITE: Tennis ball

COURSE: 180° then 270°

DURATION: 10 Min.

BRIEF DESCRIPTION:
Source first saw contradle then object descended a low thousand feet, looked like two plates "face to face".

ADDITIONAL DETAILS:
Very slow
High to NE
Altitude: Thousands Ft.

Type of Observation: Auto
Lost Attitude slowly then
Made 90° turn.

Temporary ATIC Form 329
(2 Jan 52)

A/C


- page 1 -

TO: Officer in Charge
Project Saucer
Wright Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio

FROM: [redacted] Aves.
Northport, L.I., N.Y.

SUBJECT: Unusual type aircraft seen over Long Island, March 17, 1950

1. I feel that the following description of the subject aircraft should be forwarded to the proper authorities.

2. While driving alone from Northport, Long Island to New York City on March 17, 1950, I observed at 9:30 a.m., between the towns of East Norwich and Roslyn, what appeared to be a smoke trail at an extremely high altitude which I thought was sky-writing. When the aircraft appeared to drop away from the smoke trail area and lose altitude at a very slow rate, the shape appeared to be that of a tennis ball. At this point I stopped the car to watch the aircraft more closely. The slow rate of descent continued and at the same time the craft came closer toward me flying from a northerly to a southerly direction. As the aircraft neared, the shape became quite pronounced which I would describe as two piloted placed face to face together. The length appeared to be two slightly wider than the width. The craft then changed direction and proceeded due west out of sight without an appreciable change in altitude. It was visible to me from the time I first noted the smoke or vapor trail until its complete disappearance for a period of approximately 10 minutes. The minimum altitude was several thousand feet.

3. Inasmuch as my husband is an aeronautical engineer, I have been "exposed" to a certain amount of aircraft identification. I am thoroughly convinced that the craft I saw was not a conventional jet aircraft, propeller driven aircraft, balloon or parachute.

4. I have not reported, nor do I plan to report the above observation to the news agencies or local newspapers.

Very truly yours,
[signature redacted]


- page 2 -

