PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 7 April 1950 08/0252Z
2. SOURCE: Civilian
3. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 minutes
5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: ground visual
6. COURSE: varied
7. PHOTOS: No
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

LOCATION: Boston, Massachusetts

10. CONCLUSION: Other (Inversion effects)
    Ice clouds and thin cirrus clouds. Distortion of natural phenomena/lights from unknown source. (Stellar, A/C or ground lights)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Blue light in the west observed by tower operator through Binoculars. No shape visible, just a light. Blurred edges. Apparent. From SE to NE at speed of conventional A/C. Color changed from Blue to White. Changed back to blue and separated into two distinct blue lights. These two lights rotated around each other. Increased elevation from 15 degrees at initial sighting to 45 degrees. Ice cloud and inversion in area.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

The undersigned is employed as a watch supervisor in the Civil Aeronautics Administration Control Tower at Logan International Airport, Boston, Mass. On the night of April 17, 1950 I was on duty in the Logan Tower. Also present on duty in the Tower were the following controllers; and all holders of current Senior Airport Traffic Controller Ratings.

The weather at 2130 E.S.T. was measured 16,000 overcast, visibility fifteen mile, temperature 38, dew point 13, wind northeast 29 with strong gusts. altimeter 29.99. The gusts were going to 43 mph.

At approximately 2155 E.S.T. I noticed a light due west of the Tower which actually in extension became of its unconventional color, a deep blue. I focused binoculars on the light to determine what aircraft would be showing so unorthodox a light. Even through the glasses the object appeared to have no clearly definable mass and seemed to consist of merely an elliptical pattern of light blurred at the edges and deep blue in color. It was moving in a path from southwest to northeast at what seemed to be a conventional rate of speed. I could not determine its altitude, but it was about 15 degrees above the horizon sky when I first saw it. As I continued watching the light changed from deep blue to a sharply distinct white. At this point I summoned the other controllers who verified what I was seeing. In the glasses by this time the light had again gone to the deep blue color originally noted.

As we watched, the single blue light appeared to dissolve into two blue lights which then began to revolve around one another in the manner of two small searchlights at play. During this process their trajectory from fifteen to forty five degrees above the horizon. I was about to accept the lights as being two searchlights that someone was playing around with in spite of the absence of any beams and in spite of the ceiling height which precluded a "spot", when one of the blue lights passed from southwest to northeast on a horizontal course. I used the collimator light northwest of the Tower as a fixed base reference point and the object now showing all white passed at a light in what appeared to be a conventional flight path and at a conventional rate of speed. The object was lost in the northeast. In immediate check was made with both Squantum and Bedford Towers to ascertain if they had any traffic reported in our area. The only traffic in the area was on base leg in the landing pattern at Bedford. While this check was being made, an object of DEFINITE MASS was observed suddenly glowing red like a molten mass of metal and remaining visible for about 10 to 15 seconds. Again this was at about forty five degrees above the horizon sky. Eastbound Northeast 858 was approaching from Bedford to lend at Boston.

The pilot was requested to make a wide approach to see if he could see anything unusual in the area between the field and ten or so miles west. His report was completely negative. The time encompassed between the moment when the lights were first seen and this final disappearance was from approximately 2155 to 2215 E.S.T.

In evaluating the experience, the undersigned explored the possibility of the incident being subjective, but the fact that four of us saw the same thing would seem to minimize this possibility.

DOWNGRADED AT
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YRS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Having accepted to a reasonable degree the objectivity of the experience I tried to explain it in acceptable natural terms. That what I had seen was an aircraft of any type or characteristic known to me was not admissible. I learned to fly in 1926 and have been aviation ever since that time, graduated from the Air Force Intelligence school in 1942, served in the Southwest Pacific as a Squadron Commander and director of air support for 5th Air Force for two years, graduated from the short course at the Air Command and Staff School in 1947, and currently Deputy Commander of an Aircraft Control and Warning Group in the Air National Guard with the rank of Lt. Colonel. I think it is a not unreasonable assumption that I am relatively familiar with aircraft types and capabilities.

In examining the possibility of searchlights being responsible I was forced to discard that theory because twice I had seen mass, once when the object was glowing white and passing the ceiling and again when 14 glowed cherry red. Furthermore the ceiling was measured at 16,000 feet and any searchlight powerful enough to cast a spot on the cloud base at that height must surely show a definition of beam.

The only solution which seemed acceptable to me, and I still do not know whether it is tenable, is that what we saw may have been stellar sources or some other luminous hydrometeors. With strong winds on the surface and at a tremendous rate of speed. A Pan American Clipper inbound from overseas had reported an hour earlier that he had picked up a heavy load of ice in descending through the overcast, to approximately the overcast was filled with low visibility. Although not completely satisfactory an answer this theme did not eliminate the possibility that what we witnessed was a meteorological phenomena of a sort with which we were not familiar.

For obvious reasons no formal report of this incident was made to any source. With so many reports rampant developing from irresponsible or hysterical sources, one hesitates to solicit ridicule, but in view of the close similarity of what I witnessed and what has been seen by others elsewhere, I feel it incumbent to submit this report in spite of that risk.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 3 -

