UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY
FORT McPHERSON, GEORGIA

AJACI-3 360.53                                                10 April 1950

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft

TO:   Commanding General
      Air Material Command
      Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
      Dayton, Ohio

      Attention: MCI (Control No. A-1917)

Enclosed herewith is newspaper clipping from the Raleigh, 
North Carolina, NEWS AND OBSERVER, 6 April 1950, re unidentified 
object sighted in Hertford, North Carolina.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

[Signature]
JOHN MEADE
Colonel, GSC
AC of S, G-2

1 Incl:
Clipping dtd 6 Apr 50

ANALYSIS DIVISION FILE
FILE NUMBER ___
INITIALS ___   DATE ___

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 1 -

THE NEWS AND OBSERVER, RALEIGH, N. C. THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 6, 1950.

Elongated Object Sighted In Hertford
By LUCIUS BLANCHARD.

Ahoskie, April 5.—It wasn't a flying saucer, neither was it a conventional flying machine, but half a hundred people or more late one afternoon watched an elongated brightly lighted object moving in the sky.

The object, first noticed by a group near the First of Wright's Market on Academy Street, was described as rectangular in shape, brilliant red in color, soundless, and moving in a course that ran from south to southeast at an angle about 5 degrees above the western horizon.

Market had the object in view five minutes or more. Still other groups along Blue Street saw the object, and various motorists—attracted by those staring skyward—stopped to watch.

Among those who saw the object were Fred Wright, proprietor of the market; W. L. Hopkins, member of Ahoskie Town Council; Burton Harrell, Rhue Street merchant; Jake Newsome, Norman Joyner, and Van Vamer.

Wright said he first observed the object from his farm near Ahoskie. Reported to the town police that the sky was still light and cloudless. He described it as rectangular in shape, very bright red, and moving in a gliding, end-wise way. He could not say how far away it was, but he observed the object about 15 inches long and two inches through. The actual size, of course, depends on the distance. He said it did not appear to be moving very rapidly since he was able to observe it five minutes or more.

Descriptions gained from other witnesses varied but slightly from Wright's. One described it as about the shape of a short neon tube. The sky was clear, he said, and the object maintained a steady speed and a steady course, growing fainter and fainter until it faded from view. Some witnesses thought it might be a balloon.

Hopkins, an Army veteran of the war, said it was not a balloon, conventional aircraft, the exhaust from an airplane engine, or the setting sun reflected on a cloud. All agreed there was no sound and that it resembled nothing they had ever seen before. None would attempt to say what it was, and no one described it as a "flying saucer."

At the same time in Woodland 15 miles west of Ahoskie, a similar object was observed. It differed from the object seen here only in that it was much larger, moving in a lower altitude and was white in color. The shape was described as the same, on the general lines of a big cigar, tapering to the trailing end. Among those who saw the object at Woodland were Mrs. Herman Morris, her daughter, June, and her son, Ronnie, Mrs. Paul McDaniel and her son, Bobby, and Mrs. Ted Martin. A witness at Woodland also described the object as soundless and one witness estimated it to be about 15 feet in length.


- page 2 -

