Here is the text from the document:

Copy for

10/0902
10 April 50
Robbins AFB, Ga.
11 April 50
C2C
"Tip"
25' Diameter
N to E to N

White and Red
560-700'
4-5 Minutes
Ground

Turned to right and then back to left. Gained altitude very rapidly.

A/C


- page 1 -

UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS
WARNER ROBINS AIR MATERIEL AREA
Office of the Commanding General

Robins Air Force Base, Ga.
11 April 1950

SUBJECT: Spot Report of Unidentified Flying Object

TO:   Commanding General
        Headquarters AMC
        Wright-Patterson AFB
        Dayton, Ohio
        ATTENTION: Chief of Intelligence

1.    a. Observer:
            Captain Charles H. McMahon, Station Hospital

     b. Location: Station Hospital, Robins Air Force Base,
                  Robins Field, Georgia

     c. Date and time: 10 April 1950 at approximately 0400

     d. Weather C A V U: Wind negligible; Visibility - good

2.    Captain Charles E. McMahon had returned to the base a few minutes
before 0400 hours from a three hour airplane trip. He states that he had
slept for about one or one and a half hours on the plane. He wears glasses
for nearsightedness, but states his vision is corrected to 20/20. He
states that he had had three (3) highballs in the evening of 9 April prior
to 2200. He said he did not believe that either the drinks or fatigue
were sufficient to impair his vision.

3.    Captain McMahon stated that he had not listened to Henry J.
Taylor's broadcasts or read recent articles on flying saucers. He said
that he had read an article in the Air Force Times several months ago
relative to that subject, but that he had no particular interest in air-
craft or flying discs.

4.    After his plane landed, Captain McMahon had some friends drive
him over to the hospital. Time of his arrival at the hospital was approx-
imately 0400. He planned to get some rest before reporting for duty for

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Spot Report of Unidentified Flying Object (cont'd) dtd 11 April 1950

4. Looking at the point where the flash had occurred, Sgt. Harrell saw a light approaching. At first he believed it was a plane which was on fire. He estimated the altitude to be about 500 to 700 feet. When first seen, from an oblique angle, the object had the same general appearance as a child's toy spinning top. No part of the object appeared to be spinning, turning, or revolving.

5. The object had a red glowing rim around the widest part. Behind that was a white shiny rim, and the interior portion seemed to be illuminated by a reflected white light. The red glow was constant, and appeared to have about the same brilliance as a red neon tube used in advertising signs. The color was a bright red and had no element of orange in it. It did not appear to be a burning flame. It was a steady glow. There were no sparks emitting from the object at any point. It was definitely not a plane.

6. The object approached from the South and came directly over the hospital. As it approached, it wobbled and occasionally came to a standstill. When it passed immediately overhead, Sgt. Harrell noticed that the bottom part appeared to be about the size of a flour barrel head or about 24 inches in diameter. The overall diameter he estimated to be about 25 feet.

7. Just as it passed overhead, it hesitated momentarily, and then made a very sharp right turn toward the East. After travelling in that direction for about 100 feet, it banked again to the left and went toward the swamp (northward). It did not tilt or heel over when it banked for turns, and accelerated with a speed Sgt. Harrell compared to the speed and acceleration with the throwing of a baseball. Over the swamp, the object gained altitude very rapidly and disappeared.

8. At no time were there any odors or sounds from the object. At that early hour of the morning, there were no other sounds which would have drowned out sounds coming from the object.

9. Only one (1) object was sighted. It was in view for about 4 or 5 minutes. Sgt. Harrell stated that his impression was that the object was undoubtedly controlled by someone, and that the movement was deliberate.

10. Immediately after the object passed overhead, Captain Charles H. McMahon came up and Sgt. Harrell asked him if he could see anything in the sky. Captain McMahon pointed to the object and said that he saw it.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL.

[Signature]
F. MCKEE
Major, USAF
Intelligence Officer

UNCLASSIFIED
2


- page 3 -

UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS
WARNER ROBINS AIR MATERIEL AREA
Office of the Commanding General

Robins Air Force Base, Ga.
11 April 1950

SUBJECT: Spot Report of Unidentified Flying Object

TO: Commanding General
Headquarters AMC
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio
ATTENTION: Chief of Intelligence

1. a. Observer:
S/Sgt. Lovett G. Harrell, Jr., AF 14015031
Station Hospital

b. Location: Station Hospital, Robins Air Force Base,
Robins Field, Georgia

c. Date and time: 10 April 1950 at approximately 0400

d. Weather: C A V U. Visibility approximately 10 miles
Wind negligible

2. Sgt. Harrell stated that on 9 April 1950 he had retired early and
had had a good night's sleep. He had not consumed any intoxicating liquor
within 48 hours preceding this incident. His vision is 20/20 without glasses. He further states that he had not been listening to Jerry J. Taylor's
or any other commentator's radio broadcasts, nor had he read any news articles recently pertaining to flying saucers.

3. At about 0330 on the morning of 10 April 1950, S/Sgt. Harrell
left his home in a taxi cab and arrived at the Base Hospital, Robins Air
Force Base, at about 0845. He was reporting for duty early in order to
prepare a special report which had to be submitted immediately. As the taxi drove away and Sgt. Harrell was about to enter the building, his attention was attracted to a red flash in the South in the direction of the Base Laundry. The flash was similar to that of an explosion and appeared in the form of a "V". It appeared above the horizon at an angle of about 10 degrees. There was no noise which would indicate that an explosion had occurred. Nothing was observed falling from the sky at that distance.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 4 -

Spot report of Unidentified (UNCLASSIFIED) dtd 11 April 1950

the day. His friends had driven away when he started into the building.
He saw S/Sgt. Harrell standing in front of the building. He asked if it
would be an right for him (Captain Lockhart) to go in to rest for a few
hours on one of the cots before reporting for duty. The S/Sgt. asked him
if he could see the flying saucer in the sky. He looked up and saw a
moving object in the sky. It was small - about the size of a star but
was glowing red. The red light seemed to change in intensity. It did
not blink, but faded bright and then dim, etc. It did not reflect any of
its own light.

5. Captain Lolahon estimated the altitude to be about 12,000 to
13,000 feet. It appeared to be elliptical in shape or resembling a child's
elongated toy balloon, but did not resemble an advertising; blimp. He
could not estimate the speed, but said that it travelled with speed comparable to that of a slow moving aircraft. It would move, hesitate momentarily, then move again. It seemed to maintain a fairly stable course
with the exception of the occasional hesitation. He did not observe it
change direction, nor did it gain altitude or appear to climb. No part
of the object was seen to be rotating or spinning. No exhaust was visible,
and there was no odor nor was there any noise. He had not observed any
flash. He stated that he did not watch the object until it went out of
sight, but that after observing it for about three minutes he went into
the building because he was eager to get as much rest as possible before
duty hours.

6. Captain Lolahon stated that if S/Sgt. Harrell had not mentioned
"flying saucers" he would not have noticed the object, but that when he
did see it, he realized that it was not an ordinary aircraft.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

P. KUSALA
Major, USAF
Intelligence Officer


- page 5 -

