PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP:
21 June 1950 21/0935Z

2. SOURCE:
Military

3. NUMBER OF OBJECTS:
One (five paces)

4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION:
Not Reported.

5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
ground visual

6. COURSE:
varied, straight flight

7. PHOTOS:
☐ Yes
☒ No

8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE:
☐ Yes
☒ No

LOCATION:
Hamilton AFB, California

9. CONCLUSION:
INSUFFICIENT DATA
Report not in file. Card not in file. Case missing.

10. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Four newsclippings and one contract from a "Flying Saucer" magazine constitute the only information available. Case will be evaluated if file is located.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

THE 1950 HAMILTON AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA CASE

The associated press carried this story batteline (next to) June 9, 1951. It was a corporeal staff sergeant, June 9, in the field control tower with staff sergeant louis lorrimer, 31, a veteran with three years experience in control tower observation. Suddenly they saw an object creating a blue-green streak of flame hurtling toward them from the direction of treasure pacific.

Because of the speed and the darkness, they couldn't discern its shape. Opposite the control tower, in another observation post, also watched as the strange craft made three separate passes across the field...

The story then stated: "Air Force Intelligence questioned the three observers all morning. Headquarters of the Fourth Air Force had no comment. It is said a report was being made to Washington. Officers were tight lipped. But Major James E. Johnston, Public Information Officer, said:

There were no flames over Hamilton Field at the time mystery object was reported, and none landed during the pre-dawn.

Lorrimer wouldn't commit himself to a figure. A report asked: "Was it going twice or three times the speed of a jet?" Maybe.

"At Wednesday afternoon's news conference Lorrimer said: "The exhaust on 'tank' of the craft resembled the flame of a blow torch. (I) knew it wasn't a jet plane because of the great rate of speed and because a jet plane, which (I am) used to watching, shows no flame."

"The first report on the mystery (object) credited it with a speed of 1,000 to 1,500 miles an hour. Lorrimer was asked about this, he said: "It is very difficult to estimate speed, height, and distance at night."

The first morning from the field quoted the observers as saying the object appeared at Wednesday afternoon's news conference they said: "(We) heard no sound."

Did you add these names to your ever-growing list, Air Force? We've been digging into this worthy and competent enough to give quick billion or million in aircraft to safe landings.

At Hamilton Field the "Air Intelligence" who "questioned the three observers" managed to change their stories so that by afternoon they did not coincide with the first morning report.

Note: Panels in this case depict word-graphic story to facilitate dramatization.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Disc, 'Roaring Like Thunle,' Is Reported At Hamilton Field

OAKLAND, Cal., June 21. (IP) - The Oakland Tribune said three airmen near Hamilton Air Force Base near here today reported seeing a "flying object" near the base.

The newspaper quoted three Air Force noncommissioned officers near Hamilton Field today describing a "shooting blue flame" object near a beacon just north of the field.

Hamilton Field is 25 miles north of San Francisco.

THE TRIBUNE said the first report was from S. Sgt. Ellis R. Lorimer, another tower control operator, and Staff Sgt. Virgil Carper, both members of the airways communications staff.

They described its approach altitude at between 500 and 500 feet. The men said the sky was clear over Hamilton Field, although high fog prevailed close where in the San Francisco Bay area.

Dayton Daily News
21 JUNE 1950

Ky. Herald Tribune
21 JUNE 1950

GIs Report Seeing "Saucer" At Air Base On West Coast

HAMILTON FIELD, Calif. June 21—(AP)—Three airmen told today of sighting a mysterious flying object over their base, traveling at a great rate of speed, and spraying a blue-screen flame.

It was first sighted at 1:58 a.m. they told reporters. But because of the speed and the darkness, they couldn't discern details.

Cpl. Garland Pryor, 20, of White Hall, Mont., told reporters today's news conference that he was the first to see the interesting object in the sky.

Pryor was in the field control tower. He called it to the attention of S. Sgt. Roger Capps of Burkburnett, Calif., who had been three years stationed in control tower observation.

Lower observation, said the most of the talking today, said he then saw the object make three separate passes over the field. Opposite the control tower, in the early morning sky, they said the object spread a blue-screen flame.

Oakland Tribune
22 JUNE 1950

'Flying Saucer' Seen Shooting Blue Flame

OAKLAND, Calif., June 21 (UP)—The Oakland Tribune said a "disk-shaped object" roaring at an estimated speed of 1,000 to 1,500 miles an hour made five "passes" near Hamilton Air Force Base early today. The newspaper quoted three Air Force non-commissioned officers who said the "flying saucer" or "shooting blue flame" was seen near a beacon just north of the field.

N.Y. Daily News
21 JUNE 1950

Air Force Men Sure They Saw A 'Flying Disc'

HAMILTON FIELD, Calif., June 21 (UP)—Three Air Force trained observers in the traffic control tower at Hamilton Field reported they saw a "flying saucer" make from three to five passes over the air base today.

They said the aerial "object," which they described as a "blue flame" buzzed the field at an altitude of 2,000 to 5,000 feet. The control operators said they followed the disc with binoculars. They estimated its speed at "between 1,000 and 1,500 miles an hour."

Blue Flame Seen.
Cpl. Roger Pryor, control tower operator, first spotted the object. First, he said, he thought it was a falling star, but he changed his mind when the object held its altitude, turned, and made another pass at the air base.

S/Sgt. Ellis Lorimer and Sgt. Virgil Carper, both tower operators, saw the disc in the early-morning sky. They said the object trailed blue flame like "an acetylene torch."

Air Force officers at the base had no comment to make.

Dayton Journal-Herald
22 JUN 50


- page 3 -

