The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a "Temporary ATIC Form 329" report.

TEXT OUTPUT FROM OCR:

ATIC HO.:
TYPE OF INFO.: -- 29 SEPT 50 -
AP HO.:
LOCATION: -- Sandia Base, N.M.
WITNESS HO.:
SOURCE: -- Soldier --
DATE OF INCIDENT:
DATE HTIC ATTIC:
TIME OF SIGHTING: 0445
COLOR: Bluish-yellow frame (similar to aircraft 250-400 mph)
SHAPE: Oblong
SPEED: Between jet and bomber
COURSE: NW to SE
HEIGHT: -----
DURATION: 3-4 Seconds
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground
REMARKS: -----

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a report from the Headquarters Fourth Army Office of the A.C. of S., G-2, Fort Sam Houston, Texas regarding unidentified aerial phenomena observed at Sandia Base on September 29, 1950 at 0:45 hours. The report was forwarded by George F. Deatherage, Colonel, GS, A.C. of S., G-2.

The text of the report is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY
Office of the A.C. of S., G-2
Fort Sam Houston, Texas

GOO.9 AKAB-I
SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Phenomena

TO:
Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTENTION: EEXI

The following report(s) re unidentified aerial phenomena observed at Sandia Base on date and time indicated, forwarded for your information:

OBSERVER     DATE     TIME
[Redacted] Company      29 September 1950     0:45 hours

1. Incl
Guide to Invest

DOWNGRADED AT 2 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
2002 DIE 22001.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document from the Project Blue Book report.

Text extracted from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

10TH DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
KELLY AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS

100 24-0-115                          31 October 1950

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Phenomena
TO:    Director of Special Investigations
       Headquarters, USAF
       Washington 25, D. C.

The following information was received from Headquarters, 4th
Army, Fort Sam Houston, Texas:

1. Synopsis: On 29 September 1950, a civilian observed an unidentified aerial object. Observation was made at 0645 hours, at which time a jeep was driving a Jeep on the Isleta road area of Sandia AFB.

2. Details of Observation - 29 September 1950:
a. Time of observation - 0645 hours (local).
b. Exact time of observation - 0645 hours (local).
c. Place of observation - Isleta Area, Sandia AFB.
d. Position of observer - Iglob area in Jeep -- south road along Coyote Springs Jeep Road.
e. What attracted attention to object - Movement or flight.
f. Number of objects observed - 1 (one).
g. Approx. angular size of object - Appears to be one-third the size of the full moon.
h. Color of object - Bluish-yellow flame, such as exhaust.
i. Shape - Appears cylindrically elongated with a cut-off rear from
which flame and sparks were coming.
j. Altitude of object (distance above horizon - 0째 at horizon, 90째 overhead) - approx. 50 degrees from zenith.
k. Duration of observation - 3 seconds.
l. Direction of flight of object - (Angle of flight) - Northeast to southwest (toward north) - approximately 50 degrees from north.
m. Distance from observer (distance to town, bldg, etc.) - over 3 mile.
n. Direction of flight or object - Northeast to southeast.
o. Time of flight - Approximately 3-4 seconds.
p. Speed - Approximately 350 to 400 MPH.
q. Trail and odor - None.
r. Trail - Bluish with yellow fringes. Length: 4-5 feet. DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

PER DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

Text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
100 24-0-219, Unidentified Aerial Phenomena, 31 October 1950

1. Luminosity - Brighter than exhaust observed on B-36 or B-29
2. Duration - Bright to jet. 
3. Projections - None other than flame.
4. Maneuvers - Straight course.
5. Banner or disappearance - Over mountains.
6. Reflect on clouds - None.
7. Observation on ground - None.
8. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting - Clear.
REPORT: Weather conditions and light at time of sighting - Clear.
MP of observer: *Name and address of observer redacted*
occupation and hobbies - Previous Navy service, routine
aircraft spotting instructions.

2. Action: No investigation conducted in accordance with 
instructions of AFOOR letter No. 55.

RALPH H. SCHALLER
Lt Colonel, USAF
District Commander

DOWNGRADED AT 4 YEAR INTERVALS;
UNCLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

- page 4 -

The image contains a photograph or sketch of an unidentified aerial object, as indicated by the title "UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS". The document appears to be a report form providing details about the observation of this object, including the date, location, position of the observer, physical characteristics of the object, and its motion and behavior.

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

1. Date of observation 29 Sept 50
2. Exact time of observation (local) 0415 hours
3. Place of observation: Trico Area, Sandia Base
(Map coordinates)
4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location or - give details:)
Trico Area in deep - south road along tha fence going East. 
5. What attracted attention to objects: Movement of light
6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping: one
7. Apparent size (compare to known objects, i.e.. sun, moon, thumb or fist at arms length:) Larger than football
8. Color of objects: Bluish-yellow flame, such as exhaust
9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object): Appeared slightly oblong with a cut-off rear from which flame & sparks were coming.
10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - 0째 at horizon, 90째 overhead): Approximately 50 degrees from zero
11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from north): 50 degrees directly over Bldg #1
12. Distance from observer (distance to town, bldg, etc. over which object appeared to be): Over 4 miles approximately
13. Direction of flight of object (s): Northwest to Southeast
14. Time in sight: 1-2 seconds
15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Approx. 350 to 400
16. Sound and odor: None
17. Trail (color, length, width, persistance, etc.) Flush with yellow fringes.
18. Length & width: Approx. 5 feet wide. Luminosity (not by reflection): other - degree of brightess other than exhaust observed on R-29 or R-29 C similar to jet. 
19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, canopies, etc.): None other than flame.
20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. - sketch of flight path): Straight course

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements other than the text and formatting. I will proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION (Cont'd)
21. Manner of disappearance:	Over mountain
22. Effect on clouds:	None
23. Additional information concerning objects:	None

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: Clear, moon, light and warm

25. Name and address of observer: [Redacted]
Occupation and hobbies: Previous Navy service, routine aircraft spotting. Comments of investigator relative to intelligence and character of observer (check neighbors, police dept, FBI records, employer, etc.)
Did observer wear glasses, especially polarid glasses at time of sighting, if so, was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material?
Observed by naked eye.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, which I will now attempt to transcribe the text from.

According to that excellent commentator, the public, I plead with you to withhold some judgment from the Air Force in the past. Its acknowledgments and its denials, have done it no credit, and have made the thinking public completely suspicious of it.

Pennsylvania  
May 2nd, 1954

Gentlemen: -

I have just finished reading myself an excellent summation in TRUE magazine. I completely agree with the statements accept that the Air Force has no knowledge of the "landing" of a U.F.O.

I think it most odd that the Air Force spent thousands on tracking down patents, fictitious accounts of "littlie men", and sublimely ignored the factual accounts of landings of U.F.O.'s, such as the six foot circles in the Adamski field, September 30, 1952.

One patent which would seem to me to be even more interesting than the others, is the method by which a U.F.O. "rolled into a sticky film" - It appears to me that such accounts (professional' Photographic) and are hence conveniently excluded from A.T.I.C. files.

Note, with some interest, that you maintain a file initiated "C. P." into which you dump all letters written by those interested to my "saucer" pieces in the Saturday Evening Post and Life magazines, and can well comprehend that you certainly trust von Braun have the good sense to discriminate, and not throw out the wheat with the chaff, simply because it is in letter form.

Relative to the West Palm Beach Fiasco and the Adamski bid for publicity, I should think you would read a 1952 copy of FATE magazine (excuse the example-) FATE magazines you will find the story of both these scrapes, and I can assure you they are quite a fraud ten miles off. To think that the Air Force spent a fair sum to investigate the West Palm Beach tale, Seems incredible - "Monsters" appeared to be well worth looking into, but appears to have been shrugged off by those ill-Iiterate with a quite a thought.

Incidentally, Adamski is booked in London halls for his lecture tour this summer. I understand this a "SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA - is touring the United States describing a trip in a "saucer". His name, George Adamski - a little fellow I'll swear is trying to compensate for a feeling of gloomy inadequacy and boredom in the plastics division of Lockheed Aircraft.

Sincerely,
[Signature]

- page 7 -

