The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a page from a report or document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, as indicated by the context provided.

As an OCR system, I will now proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

DATE OF T_ 23 Nov 50
LOCATION: Maxwell AFB, ala.
HOUR: U.S.A.F officers
DATE IN REPORT: VISUAL
COLOR: White 
ALTITUDE: Ground
LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED: Ascended and Descended - Flipped over.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with the word "UNCLASSIFIED" written on the top and bottom of the page, and the number "4" in the center of the page.

UNCLASSIFIED
4
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a scanned document from the United States Air Force regarding the reporting of information on unconventional objects. The text in the document has been produced and output below:

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON 2, OHIO

JN@ 2 2950

SUBJECT: Reporting of Information on Unconventional Objects

TO: Headquarters United States Air Force
Director of Intelligence
ATTN: AFOIN-2E

PERSONAL: Herewith are the statements concerning unidentified objects FOR THE GENERAL'S PERUSAL.

W. F. MCKINE
Major, USAF
Asst. A.C.S.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with text describing a UFO sighting.

Text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Maxwell Air Force Base 
1 December 1950 // AF25-90G5

Statement of Major _____

On Thanksgiving Day, 23 November 1950, between 1500 and 1525, I saw four objects which I could not identify. 
They appeared to be about 3/4" in diameter, perfectly circular and very bright. They were brilliantly white, almost porcelain white. By measuring the distance and time involved, they were moving very fast.
The first object came from about 2.0* end, and when over Lowndes2ry, ascended to a very great height. As it descended, it seemed to turn over and over. This object then moved off rapidly to the NE and disappeared.
I saw this object as it was descending over Lowndesboro and moving off to the NE, as this object slowed over several times while descending and descending I could tell it was round when viewed from the bottom and thin when viewed from the side.
A few minutes later another one passed over very quickly, same direction, level flight, disappeared to the NE. I was not able to obtain a witness to this one as my wife had gone inside the house. It was after this I called out Captain _____ and told him I had seen some unusual objects. For several minutes we saw nothing.
Captain _____ went into his house. After a few minutes two more of the objects came over together, they came from about 180°, one continued on out of sight to the north rising rapidly but the other turned and came back over. This object then began to ascend and rapidly passed out of sight. As soon as I saw these objects, I called out Captain _____ and we definitely saw these objects. He could not identify them either.
All 4 of these objects appeared to be about the same size; however, one of them appeared to have an antenna (the one of the last two that moved to the north and then returned to ascend). I am sure the objects were not balloons. The weather was clear, no clouds, a check with Base weather indicated the wind was from the west.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a document with text. The text is partially redacted, but the visible portions describe objects traveling cross-wind at various altitudes. The bottom of the image contains a number, 259965.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

the lid at all altitudes. The objects sighted were traveling cross-wind.

MAJOR

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the "Statement of Captain" regarding an incident that occurred on Thanksgiving Day, 1959.

The text of the document is as follows:

Statement of Captain
On the afternoon of Thanksgiving Day, 23 November 1959, while I was in my quarters, Brig. Gen. ------, knocked on my door and said, "I just saw a flying saucer." Captain ---- who was with me at the time, and I went outside to talk to Brig. Gen. ------. Later that same afternoon, after Captain ---- had left my house, Brig. Gen. ------ knocked again and asked me to come outside to a hurry because he thought I would be able to see another object (flying saucer) before it got out of sight. I ran outside and quickly focused my eyes on an object that he pointed to. I immediately saw a second object. 
As far as I can remember they were directly over the building in which we lived; they were white in color, one following the other. I remarked to Brig. Gen. ------ that one object looked like a seagull suspended in mid-air with its wings extended but stiff and motionless. The second object appeared to be two lengths behind the leader and at the same altitude. The second object looked like a white ball, the diameter of which appeared to be the same as the width, at the widest part, of the object that looked like a seagull. They were stationary for about one minute. Then they started moving north and gaining altitude. They disappeared about 30 seconds after they started moving. The two objects kept the same relative position to each other during the entire time.

Captain, USAF

- page 6 -

The image contains a written report, but does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text from the document:

Statement of Captain [redacted]

On the afternoon of Thanksgiving Day, 23 November 1950, while I was in my quarters, Sgt LAPS, Major [redacted] knocked on my door and said, "I just saw a flying saucer." Captain [redacted] who was with me at the time, and I went outside to talk to Major [redacted]. Later that same afternoon, after Captain [redacted] had left my home, Major [redacted] knocked again and asked me to come outside in a hurry because he thought I would be able to see another object (flying saucer) before it got out of sight. I ran outside and quickly focused my eyes on an object that he pointed to. I immediately saw a second object.

As far as I can remember, they were directly over the building in which we lived; they were white in color, one following the other. I recalled to Major [redacted] that one object looked like a seagull suspended in mid-air with its wings extended but silent and motionless. The second object appeared to be two lengths of the same attitude. The second object looked like a white ball, the diameter of which appeared to be the same as the width, at the widest part, of the object that looked like a seagull. They were stationary for about one minute. Then they started rotating north and gaining attitude. They disappeared about 30 seconds after they started moving. The two objects kept the same relative position to each other during the entire time.

Captain, USAF

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the number "4" in the center.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I do not find any text in the document to output.

- page 8 -

