PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
2 Nov 51

2. LOCATION
Mojave, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2300PST
GMT 03/0700Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XD Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
XD No

6. SOURCE
Civilians (two)

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
Varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Circular object, 15 ft in diameter, 8 ft thick, appeared in SE. Vivid blue green color, outline clear. After or glow surrounded object. Dark green ball circled object and had always remained horizontal with the ground. No sound. Speeds from hovering to more than 1000PH. Got out of cheap wave at source. Object been series of maneuvers during which time object came within 1/2 ft of witness. Object moved to NE and disappeared behind hills. Got back in deep went over hill and object was hovering in next valley.

11. COMMENTS
Report made in 8 Aug 1952 of sighting in August or Nov 1951. Co-attributed too psychological causes. Report also made of object in August 1949.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other: PSYCHOLOGICAL
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

11 August 1952

SUBJECT: (Unclassified) Reporting of Information on National Flying Objects

TO: Director of Intelligence, Headquarters Fifteenth Air Force, March Air Force Base, Riverside, California

1. On 9 August 1952
Los Angeles 2, California (witness name redacted) with his wife this object

2. By the U.S. Forest Service Employees who were in the area at the top of Kern Canyon in the part of the Civil Defense area were making progress, also, they feel they are well qualified to observe.

3. On 9 August 1952 about 2030 hours they were driving in a canyon about 25 miles from Bakersfield and about 3 miles from the United States Forest Service Ranger Station to the north. From their vantage point they could see a large object which appeared to be metallic, about 25' in diameter and some 15' high. This stationary object, based on a comparison that they saw, was on the ground near their location. The object was a dull gray color surrounded the object. A darker green band of about 1½' circled the object and description of the outline of the object. The best description possible was of a large, round, metallic object which was stationary near of Kernville. At the expense of its appearance it is never at any time changed shape or color. The object was not at an altitude such above ground, the observer being at about 2000'.

4. (Remaining text partially obscured/redacted)

The document appears to be a UFO sighting report from 9 August 1952 near Bakersfield, California, describing an object approximately 25 feet in diameter and 15 feet high, with a dull gray color and a darker green band.


- page 2 -

Subject: (Unclassified) Observations of Illumination of Unidentified Object
Date: 11 August 1951

Followed it and discovered it in the near vicinity. The object was then noted as about 200 ft away from the point where it was first sighted. It moved Northward and then disappeared, as though the light had been suddenly extinguished. The object was definitely not a balloon, meteor, or other celestial object. It was a dark, moonless night, near midnight.

[Several lines are blacked out/redacted]

Signed: M. Hill
Capt. USAF
Asst Chief of Section


- page 3 -

11 August 1952

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Sighting at Yermo, California

TO: Director of Intelligence, Headquarters Fifteenth Air Force, Headquarters Strategic Air Command, Riverside, California

1. On 7 August 1952, they were employed by the U.S. Forestry Service at Calico Lookout, near Yermo, California, were observing a hazy object in the sky. (The two also sighted a previous observation and claim complete familiarity with the area and can state almost definitely starting from 5 August 1952 at 1700 hours at Calico, California, they saw an object on the west side of Mojave Desert that was not more than 3 miles distant.)

b. The object was approximately 100 to 125 feet long and proportionately wide, was metallic in appearance, silver-white in color, apparently moved at about 50 miles per hour, in a line or direction which seemed at right angles to the road and trees, and was able to stop, hover, and move in a vertical direction. They were quite certain, almost a little of the distance back from the nose a large, gray-white object was such that they could see through it, somewhat like a mountain, moved slowly down a valley in front of another mountain, halted, and hovered. When valley intervened, the object appeared to hover over some trees.

c. Sighting occurred at about 1500 and object was initially sighted at its traverse its 3 mile course at about 50 degrees to west of Mojave, Rosamond, Mojave, Adelanto, Victorville, Barstow, Calif.

d. Calico Lookout is at approximately 25°50' N and 117°10' W at about 3500' altitude (See enclosed map). Sighted object was well above ground level, moving in a generally west to east direction.


- page 4 -

Subject: (Unidentified) Reporting of Information on Unident-Mitted Flying
Object Sighting by A. C. Upton, 1135 Fairfield, Los Angeles, California,
11 August 1950.

The north side of the blocked section.

As sighting was covered in the British Ledgers ago.
Information wanted, to let can be obtained from the Provost Sergeant,
U. S. Provost Marshal, Headquarters, California. The Observer is, best
known to me. The site of the sighting, only that it was in the area,
does not expect to be substantiated, as they were convinced to me a lot,
and very emphatic, military men know better towards 10 BC as Navy
station at Inglewood.

Claim to be almost technology but with some energy most conclusively,
it was, however, this report is a historical psychology.

ENDORSED B. MAYO
Captain, USAF
Asst Chief of Section

Incl: 1 rpt
     2 sketch of object


- page 5 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white map or diagram with geographical features and lines, with a white circular object (possibly a hole punch mark) in the top center of the page.


- page 6 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white schematic or technical drawing of two elongated oval or lens-shaped objects, with a small circular element at the top of the page. The drawing is rendered in a light gray tone on a white background.


- page 7 -

