PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
November 1951

2. LOCATION
Montreal, Canada

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local ___________

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual      ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes   ☐ No

6. SOURCE
[No text entered]

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
[No text entered]

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
[No text entered]

9. COURSE
[No text entered]

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
SEE CASE FILE

11. COMMENTS
Based on description probable meteor

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other:
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 28 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

I can only partially read some text on the left margin of the document, which appears to be:

"11.04"
(Some additional text that is illegible)

The document appears to be a technical diagram or schematic with several curved and straight lines and circular shapes, but most of the text is too faint or blurry to read clearly.


- page 2 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any legible text on this page. The image appears to be a document with some faint circular lines and borders, but the text is too blurry or light to read. The page looks like it might be part of an old document or report, but the details are not clear enough for me to perform accurate OCR.


- page 3 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a technical diagram or schematic with two concentric circles and some faint lines, but the text is not readable.


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

THE SPHRE-FINING PLANE
REPORT OF OBSERVATION

SEQUENCE CL2-24

(partially illegible handwritten text)
AF-113351

(A portion of text at the bottom is blacked out/redacted)


- page 5 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SPHERICAL PLATE

Report on the vision of a ring shaped flying plane seen in the sky, by the author, about 9 and of October or beginning of November, 1951, over the City of Montreal, at the intersection of Decary Boulevard and Sherbrooke Street.

Part I

On a clear night, at about 11 p.m., the author was walking on the northwest side of Decary Boulevard and Sherbrooke Street, going up the hill and within view of a bus to downtown but...no buses...usual.

At the intersection of Notre Dame de Grace and the Boulevard, 1920 Decary way, the Charlevoix Street, there is a traffic light which won't tell when the light changes to red if a bus from Notre Dame de Grace was could be expected to come turning down the hill.

The author had just left his daughter's home, after a pleasant cards evening, and he was far from expecting, such a visitor in the short to changes. Though he is no meteor and stars observer, being no amateur astronomer, and as such, his eyes often scrutinize the sky instinctively.

After a minute of walking, for the bus, a green spot is seen in the sky coming above the Decary Boulevard from Grand Carterville or Ville St-Laurent. It took but a few seconds for the author to realize that something unusual was happening. The suggestion that it was a meteor was quickly dispelled, or that it could be the green lights of a plane of the usual type was just so quickly forgotten, as the second aspect, the green luminescence held too prevailing a color, at first, in the shape of a huge disc-type ship began to outline in the brightly lit sky of sunset. Now (source of the upper Decary Boulevard, on account of the huge display of lights or sign of signs, almost rectangular).

However, as the disc-plane kept coming its sil. darkened, but then, on approached ground, quite a remarkable, gradually changing to a bright halo ranging from 20°-200° Fahrenheit (Bethlehem standard 31-40 steel) to 1200° in the center, then to the such darker 1100° near the middle body of the disc-sil. Then it is seen - the vision was not a reality.

Silently and gracefully it came fl.ying apparently slowly, but actually its speed was very fast, and the illusions of the "ship, were so many, that the observer was quite bewildered and dumbfounding. As the ship sped overhead it was tilted, during its course till it turned left and disappeared, at an approximate scale of one diameter or its real diameter for a lapse of about 30 seconds.

The enormous size and relatively low ceiling of the disc ship permitted almost minute observation of its details, continuous, performance and operation.

For eight seconds, the author had the opportunity to observe numerous details in his memory for close line to core. It is never to be forgotten.

In the disc-ship were clearly two or three or four metal windows observed, also shown on the drawing no. 2. First, the rear edge was very approximately at the south of the position of the author approximately a 1200-volt high tension wire near the transmission tower directly in a very, as to be very near coincide with the center line of the outer circular ring hole.

Flowing, waterfall-like through the soft field, just simply a soft, pale green darkness, but its belly aglow and its jet streaming a huge flame of orange red, yellow, green and blue colors, which was as long as the ship's diameter.

Then again it hovered, but this time in a reverse position, the ship became gradually a luminescent green, in a curious boiling aspect, and when it finally vanished, after making quite a sharp curve, confirming its size as about, it had definitely the impression of an elongated form final.

Then the ship had almost completed its apparently 200 left-over curve, another fine ball appeared at the right of the first ball, from a sudden, surprising, and quite unexpected way, virtually the first ball that moved to the left, to follow in a parallel course the other ball's, etc. as it will ever.


- page 6 -

UNCLASSIFIED

The REAPPEARING Plane                                                        Page 2

At the very line of vision of the vanishing point of the First ship, a work point was instantaneously located on the roof of an apartment block, across the Decary Boulevard, south of Sherbrooke street, and upon inspection was remarked as of being approximately 100 feet from the north corner of the apartments block.

The observation proved to the author, without a single hint of mistake, that the single's com was a "REAPPEARING" plane as never seen or heard of previously, except as referred to as "Flashing lights", supposed to be signal by the Germans, one of which, no details are available. It is said that some in France claimed to have photographic lines in formation flight.

The author painfully reports that no witnesses were with him or around. However the bus driver reported of having been passing at the sky on the Notre Dame de Grace Ave. and Decary Boulevard intersection, he hopes that this river may be located, as the author related this observation to him.

It was the first time the author was glad a bus was long to come.

The author has made long research on the topography and typography of the City of Montreal and suburbs in relation to his project of a Planetarium and Amusement Center to be built on the Mont-Royal Mountain. Besides the fact that the author was born and lived in the City of Montreal for about 40 years, his study and knowledge of the city enabled him to well locate the basic factors and ascertain the accuracy of his observation.

In the triangulation of the observation plane, some and its dimensions, the accuracy of the results, confirmed by the final checking of the last vision mark point (with a time error of only 0.05 seconds) is a tribute to the value of the observation and the author who truthfully reports it.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The SPHEROIDAL LINE                                Part III

The Triangulation of a Observation                 UNCLASSIFIED

The triangulation would have been almost impossible without some beginning which to extend for figuring the size, the altitude and the speed of the phenomenon. Three phases were made and two lucky sightings plus the timing were fortunately available.

First phase:- The near observation plane exposed and was gauged as being about at the zenith of the observer's position (O);

Second phase:- The speed of the ship appeared and was gauged as both, about equal to one direction of the spheroidal plane (S-2) and (S-4);

Third phase:- The distance of flight from (--) to points of disappearance (--) was measured to a quite approximately.

Of course the greatest luck of all (and coincidence) was the plane's path above and parallel to the observation.

First mark-point:- Of course, is the lucky location of the observation (O) to the plane's path of flight; from which location three lines of vision radiate to the near zenith up to the near (O) of the plane, approximately, to the motion center point of the far edge of the spheroidal plane's ring (C-2), and to the mark-point (M) on the roof measuring point of the plane at (--1);

Second mark-point:- As stated above, is the line of vision lateral by (M) marking at (--) the disappearance of the plane which follows: (line of (L), S-A(2), S-M(1), the path between (S and M-1) being a curve.

The first triangulation is to determine the approximate size of the spheroidal plane.

4 miles = 21120 feet which divided by 20 seconds we get 105% for 1 in the diameter (or width) of the spheroidal plane, which is smaller by 121 feet at the near end of the 4 miles as explained further on.

However, taking account of the 90 degrees curve at one of visible source of the flight, by measuring a curve of 90 degrees approximately 3000 feet in radius, the 21120 - 5000 = 13120 plus 2 x 3000 x 2 = 11120 plus 4712.8 = 22832.8 feet which divided by 20 seconds to get 1141.4 feet = 348 meters.

In the first instance, the generalization is 10.5% below; and in the second instance, the approximation is 5.5 % below.

In order to get more confidence, figures, as to dimensions and altitude of the spheroidal plane, the author assumed that the plane was man made (earthly aim) and by the fact it is yet unknown that the British or the United States people are in the process of making such a vehicle, he naturally built on, that such appearance, plane moving built on the north or south by either such people as the Germans (in Argentina) or the Soviets.

Then, on such assumption and the near method, while in figures put above, the author assured that the spheroidal plane was about 300 meters in diameter (center to center), that the single's section diameter was about 1/5 that of the plane's, which makes the ring 60 meters in cross section diameter.

Transposing the decimal into geometrical system we got in fact the cross section and over all diameter by using the center to center method, 1 ring 300 meters = 984.2 feet (center to center diameter), and 2nd = 196.64 feet in cross section diameter of the ring; now 984.2 plus 196.64 = 1180.84 feet as the over all diameter (width) of the plane.

However, the diameter of the center sphere body of the spheroidal plane was obtained by visual approximation. First, drawing the ring on an arbitrary, no scale, rather than on precise, with which apparent to be the 1st approach, then this sphere was reported and drawn on the scale drawing from which the near altitude of the sphere body was found and put on the chart. So after this, perspective error very well could make it larger or smaller by 5 meters. Nevertheless, the author feels it would rather be 15 meters than 50 meters.

It relation to the much deformation (O, C, P) and (C, P-1), it must be noticed that any variation in size, either larger or smaller, is well, of the spheroidal plane, the dimension would be its width determined by the triangle lines formed, and so shown on drawing, Figure 1 and 2.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 8 -

UNCLASSIFIED

The S.P. MARIANO Plane                                                Part III                                                Page 2

From these assumptions the altitude of the plane is easily determined by the triangulation data of drawing 9, time:-
T3      = 1020.62 80 x = 13 x 1020.62 = 1,530.2 or 1,530 feet. = plane's altitude.

The final stage of triangulation involves the angle of vision at the very moment of the disappearance of the spherenous plane for which there is fine midpoint as shown on drawing 2 figs. 1 & 2 at points (4), (4), and as shown below:

[A hand-drawn diagram with coordinates and measurements is present, but the details are not fully legible]

The angle at wall edge of court as per midpoint (M-n) to (O) and (M-h) is tang.A = 60/297.5 = 0.209 = 11.7°and midpoint (M-c) across court is a = tang A x b so a = 0.209 x 4.368 feet, so that line (O, M-c) equal 5 ft. and line (M-c) is equal to 20 plus 4.368 that is 24.368 ft. The line of vision determined by edge of wall (M-c) and top of roof (M-c) and the angle thus formed with the horizon line is obtained by first figuring the horizontal length, (O, M-c) from point 331.5 feet. From the horizon line, to the top of the roof at (4) the height was figured out at 21.5 ft. Now, the tangent of this vertical angle is at 21.5/331.5 = 0.065 or 3.72°. In the drawing, it carried down vertically to point (M-c) times the distance of line of vision (O, M-l) carried down vertically to point (M-c) times 2 so a / 129.7 of 0.065 equal 8.43 feet. Figuring the time on the above triangulation and curved radius of 3000 feet we get 21.905, taking 3000 equal 1.00, also 2 x 300 (O.1ft) (4) equal 271.7, and 225.7 / 1181.4 equal 129.9 feet. Accordingly, the plane travelled from (2) to (M-l), that is from the zenith at the location of the observer to the point of disappearance, from the counted time an error of 0.013 seconds is thus neglected. This extraordinarily result demonstrates that the managed plan of the sphereno plane was correct.

The field triangulation was made with the help of
Mr. [REDACTED], Montreal, Tel. No. [REDACTED]
Mr. [REDACTED]             "           "
Mr. [REDACTED]             "           "

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 9 -

Text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

SLAND

OBSERVER

SHERBROOKE STREET

NOTRE DAME STREET

FIRST POINT HERE

SECOND POINT

(1)


- page 10 -

The SPHERE ANNO PLANE,
REPORT OF VISION,
MAPPING OF FLIGHT,
BY: [redacted/blacked out]

Visible locations on the document:
- Jesus Island
- Montreal Island
- Lake St-Louis

The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the page.


- page 11 -

Text found in the document:

The SPHERAING PLANE
REPORT OF OBSERVATION

Nov 17
AF-479351

DK NO 2

Note: The word "SPHERAING" appears to be a possible misspelling or unusual term. The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top of the page (upside down).


- page 12 -

UNCLASSIFIED

FLIGHT ATTITUDE PLOT

318.5'
2,671/2'

The text is sparse and appears to be part of a technical diagram or plot related to flight characteristics. The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top of the page.


- page 13 -

