The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a document used to record details about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

TEXT OUTPUT:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
6 Sep 51
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
2300
5. PHOTOS
2
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 - 10 mins
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Glowing, deep red objects appeared. Headed towards moon. One object had a flash of brilliant white light. Behind moon. Ship was three X as long as moon's diameter. Disappeared by going up.
2. LOCATION
Hollywood, California
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
6. SOURCE
Civilian
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two
11. COMMENTS
Observation attributed to over active imagination. Witness probably saw something such as a meteor or ballopon, triggering her report.
12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
TECHNICAL
Insufficient
Unknown

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing an eyewitness account of a sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The document describes the object as appearing "moon size and circular, or globar", with a "white flash of light" that "must have been the door, or whatever they use for ingress and egress." It also mentions the "easy and immediate acceleration" and "terrific velocity" with which the object moved, as well as its ability to seemingly disappear and become "invisible" after a certain point. The document seems to be part of Project Blue Book, a US Air Force investigation into UFO sightings.

Text transcribed from the document:

reflested, appeared noon size and circular, or globar.
The motion is in the middle of the ship which reflected the
white flash of light, must have been the door, or whatever they
use for ingress and egress.
Another noticeable thing worthy of mention was the easy
and immediate acceleration after the turn around was executed
and the terrific velocity with which they zoomed up, westward
and still going off and up- up-up- gradually diminishing in
size until they were two dots, one following the other, and
then they were mere pinpoints: then first one and instantly
the other became invisible-- swallowed up by the immensity
of "space".
Rockets? I would never believe that. A principle far,
far beyond the comparative obsolescence of rockets. (boy(o-chardes)
would certainly be imprutical for interplanetary travel
and that should go without having to argus the point. Also,
could a rocket ship, such as we now have, remain perfectly
still, immobile in the air, resisting gravitation? These
ships certainly had gravitational control. I know because
I saw a ship of the same kind once before, although not under
such perfect conditions as the last time.
It was during the fall of 1942, either in September, or
October. I was standing on the terrace in front of a hillside apartment I then occupied. It was early evening and had
just become dark. All Hollywood was trembling under a
blanket of hazy, misty smog. Spotlights were streaming back
and forth across the sky. it was no cloudy I don't think I
saw a single star. Suddenly, I found my eyes resting on a

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text.

Output:

Great, red, glowing blur. It was immense and shapeless in the fuzzy, hazy smog. It was resting in the sky, perfectly still, immobile. For a time I wondered if it could be a red searchlight. But then, no searchlight could be that large. It did not move and there was no red of light beaming up to the glowing blur. It just stood there, something awfully and sinister, watching and studying us silently and furtively. It was not making a sound. When suddenly it moved itself and flashed off in a red streak. It made no sound at all. This one was not outside of our atmosphere and that is for sure. It was hovering in the air over Hollywood, high enough to be catching and reflecting the light of the sun, which was already far below the western horizon.

Strangely enough, the ones I saw in September 1951 did not make me shudder with an eerie dread as did the one in 1946. Perhaps it seemed so similar so sinister because it was no silent, sneaky looking being shrouded in the mist.

I am attaching herewith an exact map of the heavens for the day, date, hour and place when I saw those strange space ships in 1951. Your guess as to good as mine from whence they came, but there is a logical conclusion to be drawn from the positions of the planets of our system as shown in the chart herewith.

They appeared from away up in the sky, far to the west, so it is obvious they did not come from Jupiter. As you may see on the chart Jupiter was conjointing the eastern horizon.

They could not have come from Uranus, for Uranus was at the point of the horizon exactly opposite to where the strange objects appeared.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual elements. It is a page of text from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text:

Nadirs away down under. They did not come from the direction of either mars, or pluto for both were posted in the sign of Leo, in the fifth division of the chart, about halfway between the nadir and the western horizon.

For obvious reasons they did not come from either Mercury or Venus, because these two have orbits within the orbit of the earth, while the ships in question came from far beyond the Earth's orbit, or, I should say, outside of the Earth's orbit. Besides, Venus and Mercury were posted in Virgo, and so was the Sun and they were in the sixth division, i_ntercepted and below the horizon (western).

That leaves us with three remaining possibilities, as follows:

(a) SATURN -- in libra 2.45, only 5.50 below the western horizon.

(b) NEPTUNE -- in libra 17.55, setting. A sure possibility than saturn for the nomination.

(c) PLUTO -- in libra about 16 degrees, setting.

Of course, only those of you who have read my book "FORBIDDEN PLANET" will recognize the name of this plane, not yet known to our mighty astronomers. The first edition of the book was published in 1919; another in 1921 and another edition in 1922. The New York Public Library may still have some copies. I then mentioned that there were 2 other planets to our solar system and named the one beyond Neptune "PLANET X", They called it "PLUTO" in 1930 and named it "PLUTO" which they have not yet claimed to have discovered.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text only.

The Moon, in Scorpio 23.5d., was the only planet elevated above the horizon and visible. It was posited in the ninth division, about halfway between the seventh angle (western horizon) and the Meridian (tenth angle). If the space voyagers were observing this planet we live on, they were certainly afforded a perfect view. If they launched smaller crafts, those they were too enormous to land on the Moon, at such a distance I would not be able to /anything as small as one of our aeroplanes, for example. It is a rational supposition that those were two mother-ships, landed with smaller landing crafts. Why should they not explore the Earth satellites? Surely, the Martians are doing nothing about the Moon. Here we have been doing our satellite, around day in and day out, year in and year out, for ages, and we have not even taken the trouble to find out what we have been dragging around.

It is my theory that the farther away the planet is from the Sun, the greater is the burden or necessity under which those planets must vegetate. The nearer to the Sun, and put little light; enough necessity to make them very skillful, deliberate, inventive and very much on the ball all the time to continue to exist.

One thing is certain; there are those on either Saturn, Neptune, or Uranus who are very curious about us and our little moons in clouding may I say, I hope we will not some day, wake to find our Moon taken away. It could be done, you know. Moons are valuable reflectors of light to planets far from the Sun.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

WHO OWL SAY THIS?
A factual aye-witness account of the flight of two ships from out of space, which flew to the earth's satelities. 

Witnessed:
September 6th 1951 
about 7:40 p.m.
Place: Laurelwood, Calif.
Hills: Hollywood, Cal.

Msg. 92-0 1957

p.
Hollywood 28, Calif.
Tel: [REDACTED]

- page 6 -

The image appears to contain a circular diagram with various numbers and text written on it. There is no photograph present in this document.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:
THIS CIRCULAR DIAGRAM IS "WITNESS"
NOT KNOWN TO PAST MEMBERS.
PATTERN NOT YET SECURED.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a transcription or text document from the "Project Blue Book" UFO report archives.

WHO ELS3 SAW THIS? 

With my two eyes wide open, in full possession of my senses and as sober as any self-respecting judge should be, I saw what, to the best of my knowledge and belief, no one else has ever seen outside of the pages of a science-fiction magazine!

I will say this much, from where I witnessed the astounding phenomenon, I looked around to see if there were others looking skyward-- not a single soul. I was standing on the sidewalk alongside the parking-lot on Wilcox Avenue. On Hollywood Boulevard, a quarter of a block away, looking south, I could see people walking East and West. They walked fast. They walked slowly. They looked at each other. They looked down; around; in the shop windows; but, no one looked up! No one looked any higher than to another pair of eyes! A couple passed me, going in the opposite direction on Wilcox. They were looking at each other. Directly across the street a lone man stood before the show-window of a bookstore (since removed). His eyes were glued to the gaudy book-jackets on display. And throughout all this human indifference to anything outside of their circumscribed ambience, the most sensational actual event in all history could have been witnessed by lifting their eyes to Earth's constant companion and fellow-traveler-- the MOON.

I stood there looking skyward, speechless! Struck mute by the awesome spectacle which lay before me. I cannot reveal what I saw, for there are so many who would not believe, or, believing, would not understand. This much I will say: Mankind is not alone!

- page 8 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output all the text found in the document.

Date: September 8th, 1951
Hour: 12:15 (local time)
Place: Hollywood, California
Day: Thursday

THE EXPERIENCE:
The whole thing happened so fast and was so breath-taking that it is difficult to remember exactly. To the second, the amount of time involved. I doubt if the whole thing lasted over five minutes and definitely not as long as ten minutes.

It was the fifth day of the moon, when somewhat less than half of the orb was visible. The moon was already below the horizon and the moon had just begun to reflect the solar radiance. I was walking south on Wilcox Avenue, between Yucca Street and Hollywood Boulevard. The moon was in south declination and hanging lowish in the south-western sky. It was alone in all its glory for there was nothing else in sight in the heavens - no stars, no planets - nothing but the moon, as far as visibility would permit. All alone in the cloudless, pure cerulean.

I wondered idly when the first star would begin to twinkle and would I be able to guess which one it was. I paused for a moment in front of the parking place and was getting ready to scan the skyline when it happened! No better time could have been chosen, no better setting selected for a glimpse of a star. Then it happened! 

From the farthest I could see in the south-western sky, a tiny point of light flickered into being. It grew swiftly brighter and larger, until in the space of perhaps a second it had become a brilliant, bluish-white, vertically descending light of tremendous brilliance. No better time could have been chosen, no better setting selected for what was immediately to transpire.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a project blue book report or document.

Text extracted from the document:

came, more west than south, there appeared a pinpoint of glowing, deep red. I thought; there is no such star-- and kept my eyes glued on it. To my utter amazement it was increasing in size, until it became as large as a regular star. And, just about then, another of the same appeared, following in the same route behind the first. They kept at the same distance apart, at the same speed, along the same route, with precision plus. From the moment they first appeared, out of immeasurable space, until they reached the Moon, did not take over three or four seconds. At a point far west they curved to the right in their course and headed in the direction of the Moon. It would appear the whole thing was well planned and executed with precision. By the time they had taken their station on either side of the Moon, but never at, they appeared to be, from where I stood, to be about the size of the Moon when in far north declination and full. As everyone knows, the Moon appears largest when furthest south, and vice versa.
The two glowing red objects remained poised, perfectly still, one on the side facing the earth and the other on the side away from the earth-- the side of the Moon we never see. I noticed that they were careful to keep out of a certain radius from it, for they were just beyond about the outer edge of the circle we see around the Moon on a misty night, when the orb is full.
The objects appeared glowing red and round, like two saucers, but they were not "saucers" by any means, as I understand the description of such objects. I have seen many things in the sky, but never anything to compare with this, and I doubt if anyone else has either. After remaining poised for a time, which I cannot estimate accurately, the two objects suddenly took off, in the same direction they had come, at an inconceivable speed, and in a matter of three to four seconds had completely disappeared from sight.

- page 10 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing observations related to an unidentified flying object (UFO). The text in the document is as follows:

shall soon prove, according to what I actually saw.
At this point, let us consider facts and straight logic.
We are given to understand, by the astronomers, that the
mean distance of the Moon, from the Earth, is two hundred 
and forty thousand miles. We are also given to understand
that the Moon is one-sixth the size of the Earth. Therefore,
if an object other than the Moon, seen at the same distance
from the Earth as the Moon, appears almost as large as the
Moon itself, are we to conclude that such an object must
then be approximately one-sixth the size of the Earth in
size?
Perhaps, it should be taken into consideration that what
appeared to be a shield of red metal, or some other red
material was used to reflect the sun's light and heat. Of
course, unlike the Earth, a space ship would not have all
the protective layers of atmosphere, consisting of tropo-
sphere, stratosphere, aurora, and ionosphere layers around
it and it is reasonable to assume that, without a powerful
reflector, it would burst into flame and rendered to ashes
in space. This reflector, however, could very well cause
the object it protects to appear larger than it actually
is and could also make it, at such a great distance, away.
These round like a saucer. As I shall explain later, these
objects under discussion were not found, but some. A careful study of our moon seemed to have been the object of the
visit. With the kind of knowledge and skill the travelers
in these ships must have, judging by the smoothness of the
whole operation, the unbelievable speed, the great size of
the object, we should soon prove, according to what I actually saw.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document, likely from Project Blue Book, that describes an observation of several unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text does not identify or name any individuals, but rather focuses on describing the movements and characteristics of the observed objects.

OCR Output:

their crafts, it would be fairly safe to imagine the great superiority of all their equipment over anything we have yet produced on this planet. For example, what world I not give to take a look at some of those pictures they took of the other side of the Moon. What marvelous cameras they must have! What sound recorders! What telescopes! I wouldn't be surprised if they could have seen me clear-up, as I stood there looking at them, transfixed, with my mouth-closed. Whatever they were doing, they worked fast, for in a few minutes they began to move again. They were turning around, first the leader and like its shadow, the second ship was making a turn. The size of the ships must have been certainly enormous, for the turning around was obviously laborious. They swung down toward the horizon as they manipulated the turn in a wide arc. It was then I became certain that they were not round orbs, but were very long and comparatively narrow, with respect to their length. I also saw that they were not entirely enclosed in the red shield, because, as the foremost one half made the turn about, I observed not only its length, but also a strip -- a flash -- of brilliant white light from top to bottom in the middle of the ship. It is safe to guess that each one of those ships could easily carry two million persons. The one which led coming in, led going back. The route and the precision manner of traveling were the same coming and going. If they made any sound it probably could not be heard.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing text.

from such a distance, we can see, especially through binoculars or telescope, than we can hear. for the obvious reason that while electrons (light) travel at about 186,299 miles per second, while sound, in warm summer air, can barely do about 1,266 feet per second and in zero cold weather from 1,088 to 1,150 feet per second. besides, even if the sound was loud enough to be heard from such a distance, it would describe such a wide arc, that all places, excepting where it bends within hearing range, would be "zones of silence".

sound has many mediums and the rate of speed per feet per second depends upon the medium, iron and steel being the greatest, rating from 16,420 to 17,390 for hot iron and 16,360 for cast steel. just what kind of medium would "space" be? and why should the field of solar flux through which the light we see traveling be called "space"? space is merely the interval between objects, but to most persons it implies emptiness. even though they cannot be seen with human eyes, are not electrons objects too? sound would probably be imperceptible traveling through space (so-called). if the ships in question had wings, i saw none. i doubt if they had any. again comes up the question of distance relative to detail. yet, as the near ship turned, if it had wings i would have detected any such indication; that is, if wings have to be in proportion to the length of the craft, because, even considering the distance, the size was, at least, thrice as long as it was wide.

TRANSCRIPT:

from such a distance, we can see, especially through binoculars or telescope, than we can hear. for the obvious reason that while electrons (light) travel at about 186,299 miles per second, while sound, in warm summer air, can barely do about 1,266 feet per second and in zero cold weather from 1,088 to 1,150 feet per second. besides, even if the sound was loud enough to be heard from such a distance, it would describe such a wide arc, that all places, excepting where it bends within hearing range, would be "zones of silence".

sound has many mediums and the rate of speed per feet per second depends upon the medium, iron and steel being the greatest, rating from 16,420 to 17,390 for hot iron and 16,360 for cast steel. just what kind of medium would "space" be? and why should the field of solar flux through which the light we see traveling be called "space"? space is merely the interval between objects, but to most persons it implies emptiness. even though they cannot be seen with human eyes, are not electrons objects too? sound would probably be imperceptible traveling through space (so-called). if the ships in question had wings, i saw none. i doubt if they had any. again comes up the question of distance relative to detail. yet, as the near ship turned, if it had wings i would have detected any such indication; that is, if wings have to be in proportion to the length of the craft, because, even considering the distance, the size was, at least, thrice as long as it was wide.

- page 13 -

