The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

DATE: 27 AUG 1951
LOCATION: VANDALIA, ILL
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2020-2030
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: GR-Ground-Radar, OP-Ground-Visual, SA-Air-Visual
5. SOURCE: Newspaper Rpt
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Unk
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Big orange light with blinding intensity had red light on top, viewed in southeast with course of West.
11. COMMENTS: Duration, speed, etc. unknown therefore cause CVRFLNtED as Insufficient Data.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, showing a letter from the Air Materiel Command of the United States Air Force, addressed to someone in Vandalia, Illinois.

The text in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON, OHIO

Vandalia, Illinois

Dear sir:

Receipt of your letter dated September 10, 1951 is hereby acknowledged. 

Your letter will be forwarded to the office interested in these matters.

If further information is desired you will be contacted.

Your action in writing this Command is appreciated.

Yours very truly,

BRYAN L. DAVIS
Colonel, USAF
Air Adjutant General

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a scanned newspaper article from August 30, 1951, with the headline "Strange Object in Sky Baffles Local Airmen". The article describes an encounter where a strange object was sighted in the sky, which local airmen were unable to identify. It mentions details such as the object's appearance, behavior, and the reactions of the witnesses. However, the image does not contain any photographs.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

Thursday, August 30, 1951.

Strange Object in Sky M 
Baffles Local Airmen tr

It wasn't a conventional type airplane! But whatever it was, it puzzled Sgt. 
Warren C. Hagmann, pilot, and SAC Sgt. Albon Reece, observer, as they spotted it soaring through the air Monday night.
The object, which Sgt. Hagmann said was "blinding intensity" when I first noticed it over the southwestern corner of Vandalia, had paled by the time it disappeared into the distant haze, the Leader reported.
"I had just taxied out onto the runway preparatory to take off," Sgt. Hagmann explained, "when I noticed the light. It was between 8 and 8:30 p.m. I called over to Sgt. Reece, who was on the ground, and we both watched it."
Sgt. Hagmann said the light was first noticed almost directly over the home of Albert Drozdic, and to Paul Reese and asked them to take a look.
The lighted object disappeared into the west and we decided to continue with my flight plans," William Hagmann said.
"Shortly after I had taken off, I noticed the light again, approaching my plane. It came up about half way, then suddenly veered off and disappeared." Hagmann said he made two more passes, seeing the light twice before heading toward Greenville. "I followed it out over the country and it made a circle and came back toward Vandalia. I saw it over the country for about 30,000 feet and it was just a speck then."
"It was all very spooky," the Vandalia airman continued. "The light was on the tail of it, and there was a small red light on the top. Probably some kind of craft from Scott Field making a test."
The lighted object which appeared to have a 10 to 12 inch lens, was also seen by Dwight Kerr in St. Elmo the same evening.
ARE YOU INTERESTED in Vandalia? Read The Vandalia Leader. 5-3i-11

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing an incident that occurred on 27 August 1951 in Vandalia, Illinois.

UNCLASSIFIED
VANDALIA, ILLINOIS - 27 AUGUST 1951 

The only information available on this incident is a newspaper article from "Vandalia Leader" of 30 August 1951.

It states that a strange light was observed in the sky over Vandalia for approximately 30 minutes. The object was described as bright, luminous, and larger than a star. It was estimated to be at least 2 miles distant. Several persons who saw it described it as a "strange light."

It was a bright orange light with a bluish tint. The light was stationary for some time, and then moved rapidly in a horizontal direction, and then disappeared.

The light was observed by a number of persons, including the chief electrician at the airport, and is said to have been seen by several cars on the highway. As soon as the object was sighted, the airport tower called Edwards Air Force Base, but the object had disappeared before any aircraft could be sent up to investigate.

The article states that "The lighted object disappeared into the west and we decided maybe it was merely a weather balloon or a satellite with my flight planes," It further states "the object reappeared later; persons counted time it was visible."

Shortly after I had taken one of my routine flights around Vandalia, I received a call from my base headquarters asking if I had seen anything unusual in the sky. I replied that I had not. It was then explained to me that a strange light had been sighted over Vandalia which had puzzled the airport personnel and others who had observed it. I was asked if I had seen anything unusual but I had to report that I had not.

The lighted object which appeared to have a to 12 inch lens, was also seen by several residents in the nearby area, but no photographs or other evidence has been obtained.

Status of Investigation
An attempt will be made to obtain further information on this incident.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 4 -

The image contains a photograph or document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. The document appears to be a report from Vandalia, Illinois dated August 27, 1951.

CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED
VANDALIA, ILLINOIS - 27 AUGUST 1951

The only information available on this incident is a newspaper article from "Springfield Reporter" of 25 August 1951.

"It wasn't a flying saucer, for it was a conventional type aircraft which watchers at Vandalia, Illinois at 9:30 last Monday night. About five persons who saw it passing through the air Monday night."

"It was a big orange light with blinking, intensely bright spots first noticed it over the CAA station north of Vandalia. As this writer was just leaving Vandalia at the time, I also noticed the light. It was between 9 and 9:30 p.m. and continued over the city for some little time, finally disappearing from view."

"The lighted object disappeared into the west. There was a steady, red light and observers are confident it continues with my flight plans."

"Shortly after I had taken off I noticed the light again, approaching my plane. It came directly at me and then circled my plane twice before heading downward. I followed it until it disappeared below the horizon."

"It was all very spooky," the Vandalia airman said. "It wasn't an aircraft of any kind to which I am accustomed. The red light on top, probably it was some military craft from Scott Field about 60 miles run."

"The lighted object which appeared to have a 10 to 12 inch lens, was also seen by bright forms in the sky the same evening."

Status of Investigation:
An attempt will be made to obtain further information on this incident.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the shared image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

EXTRACT FROM STATUS REPORT # 2
DATE: 27 Aug 51 
TIME (Local): 2000
LOCATION: Vandalia, Ill.
LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED: Unknown
SOUND: one
SPEED: High
ALTITUDE: Unknown
HEADING: Varied
SOURCE: Commercial pilots and Ground Obs.
ACTION OR COMMENTS: No further investigation. - No conclusions.
DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT: Bright orange light seen from the ground and again from two aircraft.

- page 6 -

