PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
7 Dec 1951

2. LOCATION
Sunbury, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local     1630
GMT       07/21307

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual   □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual      □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Multiple

9. COURSE
-

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Group of wall shining objects at tremendous altitudes. Observed first faint specks, in north appeared to be stationary, then moved overhead. Two particles appeared, no size of sphere. Object exploded, no flash. Other specks appeared in the area until at least 100 were in group. Object then travel to West where it disappeared behind a cloud bank. Observed through telescope. Total duration was 30 minutes. Report from newspaper.

11. COMMENTS
See file cover lower
Fact. Assume explanation
of this observation

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
■ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

(ATC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Weird Sphere, Odd Lights, Cloud
Seen by Farmer with Telescope

[Newspaper article text, partially legible]

Lost wrote to True Magazine in
New York, telling the publication's
editor about the strange sight. He
has received a reply asking for
full information on the story.

Not long ago, True ran a number of articles on the so-called
"flying saucers" reportedly
sighted all over the U. S. and in
other parts of the world.

There really isn't much more to
tell about Carl Loar's story.

There might have been if an
astronomer had been in the observatory when the farmer
made his telephone call.

One thing is certain, Loar will
never forget what he saw. Not
the type of man to be prone to
flights of imagination, he can't
help winding with his neighbors
laugh at the whole idea.

He can only say "I saw it...
I'm certain, positive I saw the
whole thing!"

By PAUL GAPP
A group of weird, shining objects which appeared at a tremendous altitude above the earth was
reported by a Central Ohio farmer
Thursday.

Carl Loar, of Rt. 2, Sunbury,
told this strange story about his
observation, which he swears is
true:

At about 4:30 p. m. on Dec. 7,
Loar was standing near the barn
when he noticed a jet airplane or
jet airplane whizzy by overhead.
Scanning the sky after losing
sight of the aircraft, Loar saw another

sight which he is sure was not
created by a weather balloon, orthodox airship, or normal celestial
object.

What Loar saw at first was a
faint, glinting speck high in the
heavens. He rushed into his
house to get a powerful telescope,
then returned outside for a closer
look.

There, to the north, he could
plainly see a shining, silvery
sphere. It first appeared to be
stationary, but then became
moving to a point over Loar's
head.

"I would say it was of enormous
size and traveling at a fantastic
rate of speed," said the farmer.
Loar paused in his observation
long enough to make a quick
phone call to Perkins Observatory
at Delaware. As luck would have
it, none of the astronomers were
in at the time.

CARL LOAR WITH HIS TELESCOPE

[Handwritten note in margin: 7-3912-46]


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

told this strange story about his observation, which he swears is true:

At about 1:30 p. m. on Dec. 7, Leas was standing near the barn behind his home when he heard a jet airplane whir by overhead.

Scanning the sky after hearing at the aircraft, Leas saw another

VE
tell
alive?

There, to the north, he could plaialy see a shining, silvery sphere. It first appeared to be stationary, but then began moving to a point over Leas's head.

"I would say it was of enormous size and traveling at a fantastic rate of speed," said the farmer. Leas pursued in his observation long enough to make a quick phone call to Perkins Observatory at Delaware. As luck would have it, none of the astronomers were in at the time.

While Leas kept his "eyes trained on the sky, even more amazing things happened, he said. Two tiny particles of light appeared, first on one side of the main sphere, then on the other.

Then Leas witnessed "a kind of explosion, although there was no flash." Following this, other bright spots of light appeared in the area of the mystery sphere. A dark cloud was somehow produced, Leas said, and the sphere rapidly moved away from it.

More specks of light kept coming into view until, the farmer estimates, there were at least 100 in the group.

During the half hour that he observed this phenomenon, the sphere moved from the north to an over-head point, then traveled into the west, where it was finally hidden from view by a cloudbank.

Leas' wife, Frances, saw the sphere briefly without the aid of the telescope, which she could not manipulate.

The farmer told a few neighbors about his observation, but could not find no listeners who could keep a straight face when they heard this story.

Afraid of being further ridiculed, Leas hesitated in telling anyone about the event. But he's positive he saw the mystery sphere, the cloud and the weird points of light.

The agricultural farmer, who is also a professional welder, believes that the sphere may have come from outer space.

SHOPS
HIGH-16 N. HIGH
N-4087 E. MAIN

HIGH AT LONG


- page 3 -

EXTRACT FROM STATUS REPORT # 2

DATE: 7 Dec 51
TIME (Local): 1630
LOCATION: Sunbury, Ohio
LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED: Half an hour
SOUND: None
SPEED: High
ALTITUDE: High
HEADING: N to W
SOURCE: Civilian
ACTION OR COMMENTS: No investigation. No conclusions.
DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT: Shiny, silvery sphere seen through telescope.


- page 4 -

