PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD.

1. DATE
16 July 1951

2. DATE-TIME GROUP
Bet 2100 & 2115
GMT 17/0200Z

3. LOCATION
Fairborn Ohio

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
SE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Color was bluish-white. Altitude extreme. Hovered and moved from side to side similar to free balloon. No sound.

11. COMMENTS
Evaluated as balloon.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Probably Balloon

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Text found in the document:

308 Arch Dr. Fairborn

The image appears to be a hand-drawn diagram with various lines, arrows, and a small rectangular shape, along with some additional markings and notations. The diagram seems to be related to the address noted at the bottom of the page.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Office Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

TO : Lt Col Ray W. Taylor
FROM : Mr.
SUBJECT: UNCLASSIFIED

DATE: 17 July 1951

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

Between the hours of 9 and 915 o'clock the night of 16 July 1951, I sighted this object which I took at first glance to be a star. I kept looking for approximately a second before I realized this object moved. It appeared to be at an extreme altitude and had the brilliance of an ordinary star. It had the same characteristics, such as bluish-white in color; and also seemed to glimmer much in the manner of a star.

The movement became very noticeable toward the Southeast. I had an extent reference point, since the cave of the roof formed a line directly South to North in my line of vision.

I called this object to the attention of my wife, who was sitting nearby, and I asked her to corroborate the movements as I described them to her. Mrs. _____ agreed in every instance, and to her it appeared the object moved at extreme speed. From a relative standpoint the object moved perhaps two inches in my line of vision, and then hovered in the manner of a helicopter. It again moved in a side to side manner, such as a free balloon would, for a considerable distance, then hovered once more. It continued on its Southeasterly course, and became dimmer as it entered a sort of haze at that time around the moon which was approximately at 2 o'clock to my position. I asked Mrs. _____ to keep watching it while at Dayton, and while doing so it passed from her view. The time elapsed was approximately five minutes as described above. From my position it came from 4 o'clock and progressed to 11 o'clock relative to the moon.

My reaction was that this object was at a very high altitude, and at its height must have moved at great speed. I was conscious constantly of previous descriptions, and while I tried with difficulty to not be influenced by these descriptions, I will say the movements checked. At the time there were no sounds evident from traffic or from air traffic, which is characteristic of this location, hence there was no sound. There was a star in the Eastern horizon, name unknown to me, which I also used as a reference while watching this object. The movements were unorthodox of any airplane, since the "flight" direction was not always constant, but in general the object moved in a Southeast direction.

Chief, Special Projects Divn.
Public Information Office

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 3 -

