There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a Project 10073 record card that contains text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting that occurred in Durban, South Africa on 26/02/55.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 26 FEB 51
2. LOCATION: Durban, S. Africa
3. DATA DESCRIBING GROUP: Civilian 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes _ No 
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 minute
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Color was bright dark red. Shape like torpedo, traveling through a whirling (sic) wind, and from a horizontal to a vertical position, toward the ground and not dropping like a star.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
11. COMMENTS: UNIDENTIFIED
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Unknown

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned image of an old document from the Department of State in Washington, titled "UNCLASSIFIED MEMORANDUM FOR: Directorate of Intelligence, Chief, Collection Control Branch, Room 6-C-155 The Pentagon, Department of the Air Force." 

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF STATE
WASHINGTON
March 14, 1951.

UNCLASSIFIED

MEMORANDUM FOR: Directorate of Intelligence, 
Chief, Collection Control Branch, 
Room 6-C-155 The Pentagon, 
Department of the Air Force.

SUBJECT: Report of Flying Saucers from 
Union of South Africa.

Enclosed as of possible interest to your Department is copy of despatch No. 262 of February 28, 1951 from the American Consulate at Durban, transmitting copies of two articles from local newspapers concerning the appearance of a torpedo-shaped object floating in the sky over the Durban area.

Edward J. Carroll
Chief, Military Liaison Branch
Acquistion and Distribution

Enclosures:
Copy of despatch.
No. 262, Feb. 28, 
1951, from Durban 
with two clippings.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The shared image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document. The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
(Classification)

Response to dispatch No. 282
American Consulate, Durban, South Africa. February 26, 1951.

COPY

2082-00 SHAPE IN SKY

Captain Francis Williamson stated that he saw a torpedo-shaped object hovering over Durban at about 4:00 p.m. on February 24, 1951. The object was observed for approximately two minutes. It was moving very slowly from South to North and was described as silver in color. Captain Williamson stated that he called the Daily News and they sent a photographer, who also observed the object. According to Captain Williamson, several other persons on Potar Road and Winter Street also observed the object as it moved slowly overhead towards the North. I called my companion's attention to the object and we watched it for about two minutes. It was beautifully colored, the colors seeming to change from silver to gold and back again as the sun's rays struck it. There was no noise and no trail. I could say and although I have had numerous reports of phenomena in the sky, I have never before seen anything to compare with this. It was travelling parallel to the ground and not up and down as a shooting star. 
The reason I'm writing this report is that I regard the phenomenon as highly important and worthy of the closest investigation. I called my companion's attention to the object and we watched it for about two minutes. It was beautifully colored, the colors seeming to change from silver to gold and back again as the sun's rays struck it. There was no noise and no trail.  I was by far the greatest thing I have ever seen in the sky and I was astonished at the speed with which it traveled, considering the size. It seemed to me to be about the size of a small jet aircraft and I thought at first it was one, until the speed and manner of flight convinced me it was not.

Natal Daily News, February 21, 1951.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page of a document from the U.S. government's Project Blue Book, which investigated reports of Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
UNCLASSIFIED
TO : Department of State (For Department of Defense)
FROM : DURBAN 252 February 26, 1951
REF : -
SUBJECT : Flying Saucers over Durban
As an possible interest to the Department, there are a certain two newspaper articles which appeared in the Daily News of Durban on February 21 and February 22, 1951.
V.R.Prichard/cher
Robert G. McGregor
American Consulate
Enclosures:
Two clippings.
Copies to: American Embassy, Pretoria, 
American Consulate General, Johannesburg.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The page contains only text describing a reported sighting of a "torpedo-shaped object" by passengers on a train in Durban, South Africa.

UNCLASSIFIED (Classification)

Enclosures to dispatch no. 232
American Consulate, 
Durban, South Africa.
February 28, 1951.

OTHERS SAW "TORPEDO-SHAPED" OBJECT

The torpedo-shaped object reported to have been seen flying over Durban early yesterday was also seen by passengers waiting for a train at Merewbank station.

A group of people were standing on the platform watching for the 5 a.m. train when the object was seen in the sky over the sea in the direction of Reunion Rocks. 

He says: "It was exactly the same as the description given by the Daily News yesterday, but the color seems to be blue. It was a most beautiful sight and then disappeared from view. There was no noise and it appeared in the sky somewhere near Reunion Rocks. There was no notice and the cylinder seemed to be stationary."

Mr. Douglas notes: "My own observations were much the same as the previous statement. Although I could not see the details, the size and the mobility of the object was much the same as described. I am extremely interested in these reports and am endeavoring to obtain all the information possible." 

This object is apparently the same as the one reported to have been seen off the coast, and reports say that these objects are known to travel only from south to north.

- page 5 -

