PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
25 March 1951

2. LOCATION
Presque Isle, Maine

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2017 EST
GMT 26/0117Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Military

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

8. COURSE
Falling

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Strange light or object in sight in NW at elevation of 15 degrees slowly descending below horizon after observation of more than 10 minutes. Light or object changes colors from yellowish white to brilliant red. Observed on other occasions in same location. Thought by observer to be close to horizon with peculiar atmospheric conditions causing change in color. Object described as spherical. Color change every six seconds. Object 290 deg azimuth.

10. COMMENTS
Venus at 2h 8' 11" on or slightly below horizon at the reported time of observation. Sighting attributed to refraction of this Astronomical Body.

11. CONCLUSIONS
(Various checkboxes, including "Probably Balloon", "Was Aircraft", "Was Astronomical", etc., with no specific box checked)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy Weather
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: neon light, different color light pink white to yellow

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes Air
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape? White light white
g. Flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes

(Columns for Yes, No, Don't know are present but not fully transcribed)

Handwritten note on right side: 12-3712-25


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

PINE BLUFF, ARKANSAS

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Circles started toward it. Object started toward it. And old see something grow around it ship and got in and left. Real fast.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   NO   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   NO   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
(a) Sound: Just had sound like blue electric motor
(b) Color: Metallic light different colors

18. We wish to know the angular size Hold a match stick at arm's length and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

About 30 foot long and was from top to bottom 7½ foot thick round

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trail or vapor trail. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a UFO is included, with additional descriptive text about its movement and direction]


- page 3 -

UFO form continued

Page 4.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No     But it did not plane out and could set still in air

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     Yes     No     Right about 40 feet off but light off floor or

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In car     Side of first
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other     Using Bridge     Pine Bluff, Ark.

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. Open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)     a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?     45 or less     miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?     I end of 3rd eye of bridge could not get out

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes     No
b. Sun glasses     Yes     No
c. Windshield     Car     Yes     No
d. Window glass     Yes     No

e. Binoculars     Yes     No
f. Telescope     Yes     No
g. Theodolite     Yes     No
h. Other     and out side Car

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last section (Question 26) is blank]


- page 4 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curve line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object and a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                   Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
el had never seen or been so close to any thing like this before. it could have been both.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   [✓] No   [ ] Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   [ ] Yes   [ ] No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
was with. the liver at Cabot ark
name                                   PO Box
The car was Blue Kaiser this thing
surely stopped it

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:                                                                 
ADDRESS:                   Pine Bluff 1467 Arkansas
TELEPHONE NUMBER:                   AGE: 48   SEX: White Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

CLIFFORD W. BOWMAN
1517 WEST 8th AVENUE
PINE BLUFF, ARKANSAS

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
I didn't report it. came of was just some no worry just a big laugh of st-
and we both thought it was G. Darrow now
since 5 7 years


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: ? - 3 - 1951

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[Partially obscured text]: PINE BLUFF, ARKANSAS

Page 7


- page 7 -

1 April 1951
Los Alamos, New Mexico
INSUFFICIENT DATA

1 April 1951 - Report from a Los Alamos employee. Oblong shaped object moving slowly both in horizontal and vertical directions. Bright appearance.


- page 8 -

UNCLASSIFIED

PROJECT TWINKLE
FINAL REPORT

L. ELTERMAN
27 November 1951

APPROVED:

P. H. WYCKOFF
Chief, Atmospheric Physics Laboratory

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 9 -

UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS
23D FIGHTER-INTERCEPTOR WING
PRESQUE ISLE AIR FORCE BASE
Presque Isle, Maine

CO 000 92

SUBJECT: Unusual Celestial Phenomenon

TO: Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: MCIS

1. At 2017 E.S.T., 25 March 1951, [redacted] an observer in the Presque Isle Air Force Base Weather Office, noticed an unidentified spherical light or object near the horizon on a bearing of 290 degrees from the base. This object changed color from white to red about every six seconds as it settled to the horizon.

2. The same phenomenon was reported by [redacted] CAA Control Tower Operator, and confirmed by the control tower operator at Limestone Air Force Base, ME. Statement is included herein.

[Signature]
Charles R. McDonald
Colonel, USAF
Commanding

1 Incl:
Mr. Hanson's statement

cct HADF, Attn: Dir of Intell.
ADC, Attn: Dir of Intell.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 10 -

UNCLASSIFIED

At 2017 the base operations clerk on duty called the tower and requested if he knew of any beacons or sky type located close a Northeast direction from the field. On getting an answer, he went on to explain a strange light or object in the sky. I went out on the stools of the tower and observed what looked at first to be a star. On closer investigation this object changed its color from a yellowish white to a very brilliant red about once every six seconds. It appeared to be located at a great distance on an arc of about 15 degrees above the horizon. I went the object for a period of about ten minutes after which time it disappeared below the horizon at 2023. I called the tower and the operations on duty continued visual altitude while I was watching.

The only logical explanation that can be given is that a star close to the horizon was the object and that moonlike atmospheric conditions were open. The change from a white to yellow to such a vivid red.

Forwarded : by 1st Lt William H. Daly, 0-15 CA/12 NG 2303

/s/ Norman W. Mason

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 11 -

12 March 1951
Albuquerque, New Mexico
INSUFFICIENT DATA

UNCLASSIFIED

12 Mar. 1951 - Report from Albuquerque, N.M. by two individuals of ball-shaped object, shining-white appearance.

The object descended rapidly to the horizon.


- page 12 -

UNCLASSIFIED

PROJECT TWINKLE
FINAL REPORT

L. ELTERMAN
27 November 1951

APPROVED:

P. H. WYCKOFF
Chief, Atmospheric Physics Laboratory

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

BELL AIRCRAFT CORPORATION
POST OFFICE BOX ONE, BUFFALO 5, NEW YORK

UNCLASSIFIED                                                March 15, 1951
                                                            HAFB: 321103L5-1:DR

Memo to:   Lt. John G. Albert
            Operations and Projects
            Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico

Subject:   Unidentified Flying Objects

The following Bell Personnel reported the sighting of unidentified flying objects on March 14, 1951:

[Redacted names]

The above personnel are located at the Bell Hardstead awaiting the return of B-50 No. 6002, following the completion of a Captive Flight mission.

Mr. [redacted] made the first sighting at approximately 1500 hours while following the flight path of the B-50, which at that time was flying on a southerly heading at an altitude of approximately 15,000 feet MSL east and slightly south of the base. At the first sighting due neither to the distance involved or small individual size of the objects, Mr. [redacted] attached little significance to the phenomenon thinking perhaps that it was a flock of birds at a considerable distance. However, in a minute or so he began to think otherwise and called the master to the attention of [redacted], and [redacted]. At the time his sighting was verified by the latter two men, the elevation angle of the bodies appeared to be greater than that of the B-50 which had progressed a few miles further south and east of the Field.

The motion of the bodies (estimated at between 14 and 20 in number) appeared to be of a swirling nature, not unlike a flock of towering geese or a handful of leaflets in an up-draft. Either due to distance or size, it was impossible to resolve individual shape, however, the general impression was gained that the bodies were white.

Several minutes after the first sighting the writer and others were apprised of the phenomenon. At this time, the B-50 had turned to the left on a reciprocal heading and was approximately east of the Field at the same altitude. The bodies continued to swirl somewhat random fashion and increase apparent elevation angle. During this time

[Bottom of page is marked UNCLASSIFIED with handwritten notes]


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

March 15, 1951
HADB:321:0315-1:DR

they appeared to move slowly to the north regrouping on at least
two occasions into what appeared to be a V-Formation. At this time
the writer apprised General Control of the phenomenon and thereafter
attempted to give them bearings as seen from the Bell Hardstand.

Shortly before Queen-1 was notified, the bodies had grouped
into a V-Formation and commenced heading (generally northward). The
bearing heading from the Hardstand changed from nearly due east to a
position lined up with Sierra Blanca in what seemed to be a few
minutes time. This gave the impression of relatively high velocity.
When last seen the bearing heading from the Bell Hardstand was slightly
west of Sierra Blanca.

Impressions gained by various Bell Personnel were as follows:
a. Not unlike a handful of leaflets thrown from an airplane.
b. Vibratory motion of individual bodies reported occasionally
not unlike flapping of wings.
c. Total time of observation, from time of first sighting, was
approximately 15 minutes.

It is of interest to note that the ground-to-air and air-to-
ground VHF communications were generally very poor throughout the Bell
mission which commenced at 1345 hours. The ground-to-ground VHF
communications were however very good. In addition, for the last ten
minutes of the B-50 flight VHF communication with the tower was extremely
difficult as if another carrier was simultaneously in operation. When
the writer contacted Queen-1 he was advised that they also were having
communications difficulty.

As additional information, winds aloft to 27,000 feet were
generally west-northwest, estimated at 30 to 40 knots. The writer is
notably certain that the phenomenon he witnessed could not have been
balloons of Project Sky-Hook.

In conclusion, the writer wishes to emphasize that the aerial
phenomenon was different from anything he has ever seen up to and including
flights of birds.

BELL AIRCRAFT CORPORATION

DR/m
Field Test Director

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 15 -

UNCLASSIFIED

PROJECT TWINKLE
FINAL REPORT

L. ELTERMAN
27 November 1951

APPROVED:

P. H. WYCKOFF
Chief, Atmospheric Physics Laboratory

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 16 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information that if is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details. My Novel Car be used?

1. When did you see the object?
Night? March 1951
(Day)    (Month)   (Year)

2. Time of day: 10:30 or about
           (Hours)      (Minutes)

(Circle One) A.M. or PM night

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
            b. Central
            c. Mountain
            d. Pacific
            e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
            b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
420 Bluff Park, Limestone, Maine
(Nearest Postal Address)        (City or Town)   (State or County)

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    a. Certain           10 -> nearly some less
    b. Fairly certain    (Hours)  (Minutes)  (Seconds)
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? first saw car lights off their motor
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? seemed to be stationary to East of me

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                 NIGHT
    a. Bright           a. Bright
    b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy
                        c. little no wind 16 black
                        d. clear, not much cloud

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. in front of you    d. To your left
            b. in back of you     e. Overhead
            c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM                                                                 Page 1
FTD OCT 62 164 - This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

PINE BLUFF, ARKANSAS


- page 17 -

