PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
19 July 1951

2. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1650
GMT 19/2150Z

3. LOCATION
Lima #666 Peru

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
☐ Yes ☒ Not in file.

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 - 2 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
S to N

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Color was orange, Alt. 2500 - 3000'.
Newspaper copy of photo.

11. COMMENTS
Photos examined and determined to be hoax by Peruvian Air Force

Note: Above indicates that it was a hoax by P.A.F., but what it is attempting to say is that P.A.F. examined photos and determined that UFO was a hoax.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: HOAX
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 59)


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Platillos voladores sobre la Selva Peruana

Junto con la foto que publica - el servicio de radio de la Corporación Peruana de Radiodifusión, recibimos este despacho sobre un extraño acontecimiento que se realizó en la Selva a Lima por el servicio interno de la Corporación Peruana de Radiodifusión.

"El día 19 de Julio, a las 4 y 50 de la tarde", en el cantón Iberia (departamento de Madre de Dios) un disco luminoso con un trazo intenso y estela luminosa con un color amarillo, transparente, visible de uno a dos minutos, desplazándose a una velocidad de quince minutos, a plena luz solar. Durante este recorrido, según nuestro informante, a 3.500 de altura, a 2.500 metros de recorrido, la instalación de un disco volador fue observado.

Nuestro informante añade que dicho disco fue observado en Maldonado, capital de Madre de Dios, a las 4.53 de la tarde. La distancia entre Iberia y Maldonado es de aproximadamente 110 kilómetros. El disco luminoso se hizo visible en cinco minutos. En aviso de un corresponsal, igual recorrido en 50 minutos.

En nuestra edición matutina del día 20 de julio último, publicamos el cortespondiente parte informativo del Maldonado en el que se detienen los pormenores de este extraño artefacto, cuyas características técnicas son desconocidas y que no se asemejan a ningún sistema de propulsión conocido.

[Photograph caption]: El volador tomada a su paso por la hacienda Iberia, en el Departamento de Madre de Dios.

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a blurry, cloud-like or disc-shaped object in the sky, with some trees or landscape visible in the foreground.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

PERU

21 August 1951                   15 August 1951
Prepared by (Officer)             Date of Information
"Deloney Hamilton, Jr, Col, USAF, Air Attache"   Source   El Comercio, 15 August 1951

The following is an exact translation of an article appearing in a Lima daily newspaper of 15 August 1951:

"Together with the photograph printed above, we have received a copy of the following telegram transmitted from the Hacienda Iberia to Lima by the Peruvian Corporation of the Amazon:

'On July 19th at 1:50 PM a luminous disc was seen over Iberia (Department of Madre de Dios). The color of the head or nucleus of this disc was an intense orange. The direction was south to north was visible from 1 to 2 minutes, leaving a thick vaporous trail which floated for more than 15 minutes. The relative was more or less 2500 to 3000 Feet. It was seen in broad daylight.

During its passage, the Peruvian Corporation of the Amazon radio went dead and wasn't able to transmit or receive any signals.'

"Our informer adds that this disc was seen in Maldonado, capital of Madre de Dios, at 4:55 the same afternoon. The distance between Iberia and Maldonado is 80 miles, which means that it would take 5 minutes to make this same trip.

"In our morning edition of July 20th, we published an item sent by our reporter at Puerto Maldonado, confirming the flying disc, giving details, but adding that 300 people had seen it. Confirming this news and for the first time in this kind of information, we have reached a point of describing the characteristics of which are difficult to determine, but not so the dimensions and the trail that it leaves, as if it were traveling by jet propulsion."

Comments of Preparing Official:

1. The Peruvian Minister of Education in discussions with many officers who went to the publication of the above article, explained that the pictures were taken by a teacher in Puerto Maldonado near the Bolivian border. According to the informant, the pictures were clearly of a strange flying object moving through the air.

2. Examination of these (3) different photographs supposedly taken by these (3) separate individuals reveals a fairly clever attempt at trick photography.

3. It is the opinion of the 1-2, Peruvian Air Force, that with satisfaction may be given to the public.

[Signatures and additional administrative markings at bottom of document]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 3 -

