The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: June 1951
2. LOCATION: Surrey, England
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Minute
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object was a "silvery color, but bright." It stayed in one position above the river. The witness described the object as "low puffy clouds off to the side of the object." It was not reported and the position of the object in the sky was not noted. A Form 164 was sent to the witness, however, as requested.

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an official file copy of a UFO sighting report from June 1951 in England.

The text in the document is as follows:

ITEM
UFO sighting (Jun 1951, England)                                         16 Jul 61
Hq USAF SAPRO FB (Mrs.) WASH D C 20330
Reference the attached letter from regarding an unidentified flying object sighting in June of 1951 in England. As your letter may be considered to be out of date, it should be stated though that due to a lapse of many years it may not be possible to make a positive identification of his sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC P. JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the Office of Information, Public Information Division of the United States Air Force, dated July 22, 1964, addressed to Mr. [redacted] in Klamath Falls, Oregon.

The text of the letter is as follows:

July 22, 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is in reference to your recent letter in which you reported sighting an unidentified flying object in England in 1951.

Since it would be necessary to have the exact time of sightings as well as the exact location in the sky and an accurate weather forecast for that particular time, it is believed that it would not be possible to give you an evaluation of the object you saw.

We are inclosing a summary of information on Project Blue Book, the program for the investigation and evaluation of unidentified flying object reports. This will explain in detail the necessary procedures from a more detailed answer.

Thank you for advising us of this unusual phenomena. We regret that we are unable to give you a more detailed answer.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to a UFO sighting report from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Jun 1951, England, _______)

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI PB (Mrs Geiser)
    Wash D C 20330

REFERENCE: This is a letter from an unidentified flying object sighting in June of 1951 in England. An EOD may be forwarded to Mr _______ in order to report his sighting in more detailed form. It should be stated though that due to a lapse of many years it may not be possible to make a positive identification of his sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

/s/ Aitch
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a handwritten letter.

Text output:

Dear Captain Quintanilla:
I was in the paper recently have you taken U.F.O. seriously? I have had a little model for about 13 years, that always starts floating invisible (often behind the trees) and could even stop at this stage.
Perhaps you need this information in mapping the problem on the vast globe that neglects, are mute, the eyes and ears.
Our home in England was about 500 yards from the river Thames, halfway between the towns of Kingston and Richmond, in Surrey, England. I was home on a 3 day pass from the army in June 1951. I was alone, and standing by the river side, when I glanced up and was startled.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

"It was a very bright ciicular object. It stayed in one position above the trees for that same'd (?) long time, to me (though it moved have seemed to have been only for a minute). I stopped for binoculars, a camera, or even a witness, but was too late to get it again or have it seen.

I had started to get up, noticed with patches around the side, this was just a clear, bright object.

Size: it was about the size of average meteors.
The definite line on the lower part was seen, or imagined.

A came'ed at present it was as a pale, or minute, object. From other notes and drawings, like one I had before I thought it might be a balloon or airplane making low altitude flight, but this was not the case it was obviously not of this known type of air craft.

I moved a couple of steps (I was going to run for aid) then in a hurry, looked at, but did not see it again. I have a habit,which makes me very careful in all observasations [sic], to move and miss things, but that was not the case this time. I scanned the sky in all directions but it never reappeared, have a ball, your case."

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

"I almost forgot the object, thousands while watching it through my mind, seem to move rapidly, but at one point I said to myself, "they are made of bright arc - line
The same had always seemed to me to be located or dull and flat to the brightened, occasionally it even cost bright. Blue, in spite of the brightness, the object was as clear and clean cut as the bright full moon on a clear night."

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be the first page of a Project Blue Book UFO report document from Klamath Falls, Oregon, dated 9/4/44. The text on the page lists the recipient as "Capt. Henry Quintanilla Jr., Project Blue Book, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio".

Text from the document:
Klamath Falls, Oregon
9/4/44
Capt. Henry Quintanilla Jr.
Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

- page 8 -

