The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: NOV 21
2. LOCATION: LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 4 Ground-Visual
4. DATE-TIME GROUP: Not Report*
5. PHOTOS: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Shiny ship observed overhead, 400 ft. long, 50 ft. high, outside covered with metal.
11. COMMENTS: Witness willingly gave information with explanation of how this object ship could be constructed. Previous psychologic reasons for sightings.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

Dear President Kennedy:

In November 1951, I saw for a full 3 minutes a strange space ship, directly overhead. I think I have knowledge of how it worked and I am sending it on to you in the hope it might help us with our space program.

The ship looked about 100 feet long, about 60 feet high at the center. Its outside were covered with metal plates which were alternately made hot and cold. By account of the operation of the ship: 
What the outside metal plates were made of electrically separated positive proton particles and when the outside revolving ring at the very center of the space craft was revolved at very high speed the ship would climb upward when the ring showed down
the ship would descend.

The ship was creating electrical opposition to the positive atomic attraction force of the earth's attraction. The center revolving ring had metal plates spaced about every two feet which pushed the outside metal plates of the ship.

I noticed that the faster the ring spun, the lighter the whole outside of the ship lifted up. This is the most amazing part. To move the ship forward, it seemed as though pulses of negative electricity were charged into the tail section and because the revolving ring at the center was the most positive the electricity flowed rapidly from the tail to the center of ship.

Since gravity can pull only on a negative charge what was happening was that gravity was made to pull horizontally from tail to center of ship and this is what made the ship move forward. When they wanted to bring the ship to a stop or make it fly backwards it was attracted backwards to the revolving ring at the center forcing the ship backwards.

Cont. Page 2

- page 2 -

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified aerial object. The diagram includes labels such as "FORWARD MOTION", "ELECTRIC FLOW", and "CONTROL PANELS". There is no photographic image present in this document.

How it seems to me that such a ship would be very hot inside and there would be some discoloration to the outside, due to the intense heat which would naturally be generated by something of this kind. No doubt that the heat would be very great and to that extent it would be rather hazardous to receive too near an approach. This must obviously be a very fast performance machine and as an average could would be made to attain a second velocity which is about twice the speed of sound. This would mean that it should exceed the velocity of our conventional aircraft by a considerable extent. I am enclosing a rough sketch of how the ship looked which I saw and I hope I have not bothered you too much with your very busy work which you have to contend with. I do hope that all of the information given will receive earnest consideration. It is very best regards.
Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from William G. Coman, Jr. of the Public Information Division, Office of Information at the United States Air Force.

Text from the document:

Dear Mr. ----

Your letter of September 6th addressed to the White House has been referred to this office.

Your interest in this matter manifested by writing to tell us of your sighting of the object was appreciated. Your description of how the object was propelled and the complete lack of noise or evidence of any propulsion to be observed specifically or a sound like or fury, which was widely reported by other witnesses who claimed to have seen the same object, suggests that our speculation as to the nature of these phenomena may be incorrect. 

Do you have any additional information which may be helpful in our continuing study of this unusual incident? If so, we would be glad to have it. Also, do you identify and provide a physical description of the observed object and its manner of flight, and the duration of time it was under observation?

We find your report extremely interesting and should be glad to have any further details which may throw light on the nature of the phenomenon you observed. Have you had any other unexplained sightings of phenomena similar to the one you have described? Such reports would be of great value to us.

Thank you for taking the time to write to us on this matter.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM G. COMAN, JR.
MAJOR, USAF
PUBLIC INFORMATION DIVISION
OFFICE OF INFORMATION

Los Angeles, California

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Major w. g. coleman
Dec. 21, 1951
There were probably some other witnesses to the flight of this strange object, but I never heard anyone else describe or confirm what I saw.
I was puzzled by the actions of the object and stopped to watch it. The reason I am sure I saw it is because I was sitting in my car, and it flew just over the trees where I live. The reason I am sure I saw it is because I was sitting in my car, and it flew just over the trees where I live. The reason I say it is because he saw it that way, on his chain and looked at it once, but at this point I would not think anything about it.
If I only could have had a motion picture of it, then at least there would be some record of what I saw. I have a very vivid memory of what the end looked like. Perhaps something in the future I can write a report about it.
The object was shaped like two saucers, 25 or 26 inches in diameter, and there was a black band or object like a band around the middle. It seemed to have an area on the bottom that glowed a bluish color, like a bluish white light. These lights flashed on in lines or force and then went out, rotated 90 degrees to the lines of force to cause it to move perpendicular to these lines is not the system which was used. It seemed to me.
I think the operators of the ship had developed a system whereby the ship could be made to oppose gravity in varying degrees so it could maintain attitude at definite levels. When this was taken care of it's horizontal motion was accomplished in a different manner. It could be that the revolving ring at center of the ship served a dual purpose to keep the metal plates not too hot and at a set positive potential and also to create a heavy magnetic field around ship. There might have been another revolving ring which I did not see but which could have been revolving in an opposite direction and if the first ring were suddenly stopped to release the magnetic field then it follows that the ship could have. CONT. PAGE 12

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing a reported UFO sighting.

the second ring's field which was an opposing field still connected with the ship and by magnetic opposition the ship could not move. It was a very large and big ship but it must be remembered that the ship if it was not attracted by gravity it would have been like a ship away out in outer space. It could be moved with almost no power at all. 

I read an account in the newspapers today about a story about an Army jet pilot who was sent up to investigate a similar ship, I think his name was Capt. Mantell. He radioed back to ground that the ship looked metallic and then he crashed. The investigators found out that his ship on the ground contained some radio-active material.

What I think happened was that Capt. Mantell decided to come in on a curve to get near to the UFO but when he got too close the positive flux of the two suddenly also acted just like a jet plane from gravity and its momentum carried him into the side of the UFO.

I wish the government would set up a research department to find out exactly what causes gravity and try to build aircraft and rockets which would fly gravity free. It would place us far ahead of the Soviet in all forms of Space Technology.

Thanks for writing,
Best wishes
Los An...ess, Calif.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text extracted from the document, formatted as it appears in the image:

9 October 1951

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Your letter of October 14th concerning your theory of "satellite-controlled individuals" was referred to this Division by Headquarters, United States Air Force. Your theory was carefully considered, but I am sorry to say that it does not appear to warrant further investigation or substantive discussion.

Your theory is too generally stated, lacking many specifics needed to evaluate it. Past experiences have shown that generalizations in cases of this kind usually lead nowhere. There have been many similar theories advanced from time to time, but none have been substantiated.

While I cannot agree with your theory, I want to express my appreciation for your interest in this subject. Persons showing this kind of interest are always welcome, as the Air Force is anxious to learn all it can about any strange aerial phenomena. However, your theory as presented does not appear to have sufficient basis to justify a detailed investigation.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM M. COLEMAN, JR.
Deputy Chief
Intelligence Division
Directorate of Operations
Hq, USAF

Los Angeles, California

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document.

SIGHTED BY AIRLINE FIRST OFFICER NOVEMBER 2,1951

We were flying an American Airliner DC-6 from Los Angeles to Tulsa, Oklahoma at 9,500 feet, 3 minutes east of Abilene, on ATC's this subject passed to our left at the same altitudes and approximate course.

The object was very bright green with a tail of exhaust vapor.
We were making a true air speed of 220 mph, and the object appeared to be going several times faster.
As the object passed in front of us the light went out, but on looking out in front of us the object exploded, almost like a Fourth of July roman candle.
The object appeared to fly in a horizontal path, or a parabolic path, as is the usual motor pattern. It appeared to be an large as a medium size airplane.
W.D.M.

- page 8 -

