The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 2. LOCATION
30 Sep 51 Orange, Va.
3. REPORTING GROUP 4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Level 1500 C Ground-Visual
DATA 5. SOURCE
Civilians
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 sec
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
The object observed was brownish-black in color, high speed was noted, and a violet trail was reported. Insufficient data to evaluate.
12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other Insufficient Data for Evaluation

- page 1 -

The image contains a scan of a document page from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page. 

UNCLASSIFIED

discrepancies in the photos have been found and the photographer is being reinterviewed.

One school of thought of the people in the black seems to be that the objects were seen as flying balls of light from the city. Several people reported seeing this type of object. It is believed they were birds but others insist they were not birds. The cases are many where lights were observed maneuvering over the city in flights that would be practically impossible for birds. It is reported that these people saw objects they describe as metallic and solid in appearance that were maneuvering in flight. 

The Federal Wild Life Game Warden was visited and it was found he was not familiar with the incident he subdued. He stated that the objects were birds. He further stated that he thought that the birds were disturbed by something that caused an influx of the birds into the Lubbock area. The Game Warden doubted if there would be enough of these birds to make up the many flights as were observed.

If the photos are authentic, the objects very probably are not ducks because an experienced photographer who got these photos of ducks under the natural light and flash, but failed.

The investigation of this incident is continuing. It is probably the most unique incident in the history of Project 10073 record in that it was observed so many times by a scientifically trained group of observers. These people are continuing interest after several weeks of observation because they had delivered that the object was some new Air Force or missile.

The photographs are now at the Photographic Reconnaissance Laboratory at Wright Air Development Center for analysis.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads as follows:

fairly precise formation. The first frame, no.4, was not plotted because of extreme blurring, but frames 5, 7 and 8 were plotted as Charts I, II and III respectively. Chart IV is a composite of Charts I, II and III. In it the spots from the previous charts, that appear relatively fixed in the formation, are shown as heavy black ink spots. The relatively moving spots are shown in light pencil--the first position of these shifting spots is light red, as in Chart I; the second position, spaced between the heavy spots, is in black pencil, as from Chart II; and the final position is shown in light green.

5. According to the microscopic examinations, spot brightness range could be expressed as weak, average, and bright, corresponding to faint, average, or heavy spot densities. The faint spots in the moving row are underscored, while the bright spots are circled. Only those spots in the fixed row that are alike in all three negatives are indicated in the same way.

6. There is the appearance of two extra spots, outside the regular rows. One spot is to the lower right in all three charts, while the spot shows only faintly in the nor'negative and was missed in plotting Chart III. It appears in position at the left end of the moving row in Chart III.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a report or document, containing only text.

COISiCLmIONS

7. There is relative movement within the formation of spots, so that they are not lights on a fixed object. The relative motion is such that it appears unlikely that they are coplanair and photographed from different angles. Furthermore, it is unlikely that the moving spots are in any kind of straight line.

8. The angular size of the formation, at the camera lens, is very nearly the sane in all cases. The formation is however, slightly larger in Frame 7 or Frame 7A than in the others. The angular size corresponds to an object size of 310 ± 30 ft. seen by the camera 1 mile away. The actual size of the formation may be calculated from this ratio, if the actual distance from the camera can be determined. This image size is actually 0.12", formed by a 2" focal length lens in the camera used.

9. Although the image size in Frame 8 is about 2% less than in Frame 7, suggesting that the objects are receding from the camera, the aspect of the "V" formation does not correspond to a horizontal "V", travelling parallel to the earth's surface unless at an enormous altitude. Such motion at conventional altitudes would

- page 4 -

Since the image does not contain a human face, I will describe the contents of the image as requested.

The image appears to be a page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page contains text describing some technical details and observations related to the orientation and pattern of "spots" or objects captured in a series of photographic negatives. The text also mentions recommendations for further analysis and testing under specific conditions to determine the nature of the observed phenomena.

The text found in the document is as follows:

require the "V" to flatten, eventually becoming a straight line, but the "V" in Frame 4 is a distinctly smaller angle than in Frame 7.

10. The orientation of the "V" formation is the same on all negatives. If the formation did actually pass directly over the camera, all photographs were taken either before or after, but not both. It is obvious that the image would be inverted on two successive negatives if they were taken on an approaching and then a receding slant angle.

11. The pattern of spot brightness is such as to prove conclusively that all 3 frames--5, 7 and 8--were exposed to the same object pattern of spots. However, the relative positions of these spots varies, as described above.

RECOMMENDATIONS
12. In the event that further assistance is requested of this Laboratory, exposure tests should be made under identical conditions to determine the spot nature required to produce the observed densities, and to determine the amount of camera blur produced by an experienced photographer in "panning", to track a moving target at night.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an official document with the signature of a Project Engineer named J.M. Chapman and the word "CONCURRENCE" followed by a signature.

J.M. Chapman
Project Engineer
CONCURRENCE
G.T. Hamp

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that describes the contents of a case file. The text states that the case includes one (1) 4" x 5" photograph, four (4) 3 1/2" x 4 1/2" photographs, and four (4) 8" x 10" photographs.

This Case Includes
ONE (1) 4" x 5" FOUR (4) 
3 1/2" x 4 1/2" photos and
FOUR (4) 8" x 10" photos.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

LUBBOCK, TEXAS
25 August 1951

On the evenings of 25 August 1951, 31 August 1951, and 1 September 1951, flights of what were described as disc-shaped objects in the sky were observed. There were several flights per evening. The description of the objects varied to some extent, but it is generally described that 16 to 25 "objects" of a "V" shaped set of lights.

The Air Force, with he claims of an amateur photographer, turned over photographs to the project. Disagreement among the witnesses as to the number of lights in the arrangement and whether it was a "V" or other shape is on the record. Some of the witnesses stated they heard a "whoosh."

Many witnesses reported the incident, but the most technically competent observers were professional astronomers, engineers, geologists, all of Texas Tech. In addition to being the most competent, these witnesses described the first sighting as the most awe-inspiring, and under controlled circumstances. For their initial sighting on the evening of 25 August 1951. At 2210 they happened to observe the first flight of the object, which they described as 16 to 25 globes of light maneuvering in a "V" formation, and disappearing within a few minutes. Subsequent observations the professors confirmed their estimate of the velocity by using triangulation periodically, and their estimate of the elevation by viewing the object from several locations at the same time and using trigonometry. These attempts were not considered successful.

In 1952 Dr Allen Hynek, one of the professors at Texas Tech regarding this case. This professor informed Dr Hynek that he had conducted an extensive study of the Lubbock lights and concluded that they were definitely birds.

The Air Force conclusion is that birds, with street lights reflecting from them, were the probable cause of this sighting. The velocity of 300 per second seems rather high for birds during migratory flights (approximately 60 MPH at 163 MPH). In all instances the witnesses were located in an area where their eyes were probably dark adapted, indicating movements of the objects brighter.

Mr B.S.B, when taking his pictures, had to do so by "panning" his camera (swinging with the objects to motion) Panning of this type is further indication that the angular velocity of these objects was so high as to make successful photography difficult.

The kind of birds responsible for this sighting is not known, but it is highly probable that they were several species common to this locale - i.e., ducks, geese or other birds migrating in large numbers of more than six or seven. The fact that this was late summer and that the objects consistently flew to the south tends to substantiate the conclusion that the objects of this sighting were migratory birds.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. 

UNCLASSIFIED
PARAPHASE NOT REQUIRED. SEE CRYPTO-CENTER
BEFORE DECLASSIFYING
D76, INTERNAL Canty C.UNNOT

INFORMATION COPY

FM DIST CCMDR 23RD CSI DISTRICT USAF CAPSWELL AFB FTU
TO ZEN/COMMANDING OFFICER REESE AIR FORCE BASE TEX
TO DIST CENTRE OSS DEPT REESE AFB TEX
INFO JEDBURG OHIO FLIGHT PATTER OHIO ATTN
TAAA-23 GROUP RECEIVED 23 SEP 13. FOLLOWS UNSIGNED MSG FROM ATR:
URGENT MATERIEL SHIPPED IN PART FOR YOUR INVESTIGATIO REQUIRES A.f?-PRCVAL
OF AIRMAIL AS SOON AS POSSIBLE RQS* 132 OR SUBJECTS AXR-
IS FEIGNED IF POSSIBLE FORWARD BY AIRMAIL ORIGINAL
NEGATIVES OF PHOTOGRAPHS STATED TO HAVE TAKEN
TO REPLY CITE ATTAINING GRUOGE 'AND QUOTE PATTRN INVITED TO lITH
DAF AFGIC-CC-l, 6 SEPT 30. SUBS QUOTE RPTG C1? IIITFO OI^' UNCO! JVENTIONAL
AIRCRAFT FIND OUOTL. CONTACT SPECIAL AGENT JOSEPH FOR FURTHER UFO.

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIES ON DEC 31 2009

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book document, specifically a priority secret message.

TEXT TRANSCRIBED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

11 07 OCT 51
C-1 PRIORITY SECRET 
FW CO TEST AFS LUBBOCK TEXAS 000733
TO AMC UPADS
ATTN TIC

REF UR MSG CITE AT 5072--DT GOOD 050120Z. INVESTIGATION AT IAA-2A
DISP TO UR HAS REGISTERED, AIR MAIL, 21 SEP CURRENTLY UNDER REGISTRY 
30035 AND 43086. RECEIPTED FOR AT UR HAS BY THELMA I WILSON, MAIL
CROUP SUP., SEP CURRENT.
37/034472 OCT
375-3572-55-131851-R-HQUAN-
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 10 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which contains an office memorandum describing two visual sightings of unidentified objects in Texas and New Mexico.

Transcribed text from the document:

OFFICE MEMORANDUM UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO: ATTIA, Colonel Kirkland  
FROM: ATTAA-2, Lt Metscher
SUBJECT: Texas and New Mexico Sightings, Grudge - Project 10073

1. TWO VISUAL SIGHTINGS, DESCRIBING GROUP OF LIGHTS, CAN BE ASSOCIATED WITH SIGHTING OF GROUP WING AIRCRAFT AS IN DESCRIBED BELOW:
(a) LOCATION: LUBBOCK, TEXAS 
(b) DATE OF SIGHTING: 25 AUG 51 21:10
(c) SHAPE OF OBJECTS: STRING OF BEADS
(d) NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 50
(e) AERODYNAMIC FEATURES: NONE
(f) OUTSTANDING FEATURES: U FORM, SOUND: NONE, SPEED ESTIMATES: INCREDIBLE, RADAR DETECTION: NONE, ALTITUDE ESTIMATE: VERY HIGH

2. DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTINGS OF UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS:
(a) LOCATION: ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO
(b) DATE OF SIGHTING: 25 AUG 51 23:30
(c) SHAPE OF OBJECTS: CHEVRON SHAPED
(d) NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
(e) AERODYNAMIC FEATURES: NO FUSELAGE, WINGS/BODY 15 FT, SOFT LIGHTS: NONE
(f) OUTSTANDING FEATURES: V FORM, SOUND: NONE, SPEED ESTIMATES: RAPID, RADAR DETECTION: NONE, ALTITUDE ESTIMATE: HIGH

3. INCLS:
1. LTR 7 SEPT 51 W/PHOTOS
2. LTR FORM 112, GA-52-51, 77-18
3. LTR W/AF 112, #1

- page 11 -

The image contains a document with the header "UNCLASSIFIED". There appears to be a diagram or illustration of something resembling a UFO or unidentified aerial object in the top portion of the document. The text indicates that this is a report regarding "unconventional aircraft reported in Lubbock area on 25 and 31 August 1951" and that a Wing Intelligence Officer, Lt. Edward J. Ruppelt, will be visiting the base on 6 November 1951 to discuss these reports.

CO ATIC
Commanding Officer, Reese AFB, Lubbock,
Texas 

For: Wing Intelligence Officer. Lt. Edward J. Ruppelt of the Air Technical Intelligence Center will be at your base 6 November 1951 in regard to reports on unconventional aircraft reported in Lubbock area on 25 and 31 August 1951.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10

Lt. E. J. Ruppelt/eae
AFIRO-26 

UNCLASSIFIED

KENNETH T. FICK, Captain, USAF
Asst Air Adjutant General

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or article discussing "flying saucers" and the U.S. Air Force's investigation into UFO sightings under Project Blue Book.

THE FINAL WORD ON
Flying Saucers?
At the U. of Colorado a new all-out attack on UFOs has been launched - BY L. JEROME STANTON
Author of "Flying Saucers Hover Reality"
Are we being spied upon and studied by intelli- extremely limited. Indeed, with a staff limited most of the time to one commissioned officer, one NCO gent beings from outer space, as we study the and two clerks, its amazing that Project Blue Book primitive abrogines of central Australia and could do any job effectively.
New Guinea? Is the U.S. Air Force deliberately The first incident sighting of a UFO occurred withholding information about flying saucers, for June 24th, 1947, near Mt. Rainier in Washington. fear that revealing the truth would trigger a panic? A veteran private pilot named Kenneth Arnold, while flying his own light aircraft, saw nine large, shiny Why do we still know so little about the true nature objects shaped like "half-moons" at high speed. The of these uniformly flying objects? Is it possible that objects were described as moving "like a saucer science has other intelligence service as mighty and skipped across water" and from this a reporter derived asked by a great many people who formerly would the name "flying saucer."
have laughed off such thoughts as pure fantasy. 
Almost 20 years ago a news story about "flying
saucers" flashed over the press wires, startling our
nation and much of the civilized world. From that
moment, a world-wide interest in the unidentified flying
objects has stubbornly stayed alive, despite efforts of
authorities to relegate and debunk them.
Fortunately, one new factor has entered the picture that bids fair to resolve some of our doubts and confusion. On October 7, 1965, a contract was awarded to the University of Colorado to conduct a definitive investigation of UFO sightings and report findings to the U.S. Air Force, which recommended such a study a year and a half earlier.
The Colorado project will then be reviewed by the National Academy of Sciences. Founded at somewhat more than $500,000, the study will analyze 10,000 reports, and actually assign scientists to the field to study UFOs

In the two decades since that
episode, literally thousands of
UFO sightings have been reported from all parts of the
world. 

In January, 1955, former Marine Corps officer, Dr. Donald E. Keyhoe, a retired retired author of articles for "True" magazine, in which he insisted that flying saucers were real, physical objects, and that they came from some place not on our own planet Earth. The article touched off a great deal of controversy, and evidence for this good, close-up photographs or motion pictures (or debris of a crashed saucer?) proved impossible to get, and conclusions had to be based solely on the accounts of eye-witnesses.

The Air Force began the first official investiga-

stood until 1965, when a book "Anatomy of a Phenomenon," by Jacques Vallee, a French scientist living in the U.S., was published. Superbly scientific in tone, it gave an unusually complete and authoritative summary of the entire history of the flying saucer-UFO phenomenon. It also opened the eyes of many people to the fact that sightings were world-wide.

Then, in the early hours of August 5, 1965, when Chiles and Whitted, two Eastern Air Lines pilots, were flying a passenger plane between Montgomery, Alabama, and Atlanta, Georgia, a seemingly large, glowing, jet-propelled object raced by them, and then disappeared. Reports of UFOs, many of the reports coming from police officers in highway patrol cars. One group of objects was seen for about 30 minutes flying in a diamond-formation over the area around Shawnee, Oklahoma. They were lights of indefinite shape that changed color randomly from orange-red to white to bluish-green; and back again... Radar at Tinker and Carswell Air Force Bases in the area tracked four objects that coincided with objects seen by eye-witnesses, according to a statement issued by the Oklahoma Highway Patrol. The radar tracking was later denied by the Air Force, but the denial contradicted by a statement from the Department of Public Safety in Oklahoma, revealing that the fusion rate of radar had increased when the "UFO" Black Officer later reported witnessing that the stars Rigel, Capella and Aldebaran, and the planet Jupiter, were under peculiar local weather conditions, had been the cause.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a declassified document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force project to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED
C> ATIC
301530Z Oct 51
Priority
Commanding Officer, Carsweil AFB, Texas

For Chief, District Office #23, OSI. Lt. Edward J. Ruppelt of the Air Technical Intelligence Center will be at Reese AFB on 6 September 1951 to discuss the reports of unconventional aircraft. It is requested that a possible agent Howard W. Dessert who investigated the incident on 3 October 1951 meet Lt. Ruppelt at Reese AFB to discuss the incident.

Lt. E. J. Ruppelt/pg
ATIA-29

CHESTER T. PECH, Captain, USAF
Asst Air Adjutant General
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book report.

SECTION OPERATIONS AREA

Visit to Air Defense Command Headquarters:

In this section, the document discusses a visit made on 7 November 1951 by ATIC-2 personnel to investigate a report of an unidentified aerial object which had been seen over Lubbock, Texas. The report states that the object was observed by multiple college students, and the investigation is still ongoing with no conclusions reached yet.

The document also mentions that the possibility of known aircraft has been proven negative, and the object remains unidentified. (Confidential)

LUDBOCK LIGHTS
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
6200.10

- page 15 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be an unidentified flying object (UFO). The image is labeled "UNCLASSIFIED" and shows a sketch or illustration of a flying saucer-like object.

Here is the text output from the OCR system:

GO* ATIC
28 Hov 51
Detachment Commander
Routine
Case AFB: CSI Detachment
Hease AFB: Lakeland, Texas

In reference to telephone conversation between Lt. R. J. Muppel and Mr. Iss on
15 November 1951, request status of submittetion of Information. In addition,
is information available as to whether or not Professor Mclntyre intends to submit
detailed statement on the series of incidents he and his colleagues observed?

DOWNGRADED AT 5 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 15 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

T. Sgt. R. J. Ruppelt/mg
ATIAA-20

KENNETH P. PINCH, Captain, USAF
Asst Air Adjutant General

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page is as follows:

CI ROUTINE CONFIDENTIAL
FROM DET 3 (CI) STRATEGIC AIR COMMAND
TO CG AAC WFAB'S OLIO TO CG ATIC ATTN: PROJECT GRUDGE
REF ITEM C697.
RE: INTERVIEW OF PROFESSOR JOHN CAMPBELL'S NEW SOCIETY OF PROFESSORS AND OTHER PROFESSORS DISPATCHED BY WING INTELLIGENCE.
JESSE APPS ON 25 NOV 51 UNDER REGISTRY NUMBER 4873.
1 - ATL 9427
2 - ATL 9427
IR 6773
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIED

The text appears to describe an interview of professors conducted by the Air Force's Project Grudge, which was a program to investigate UFOs.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribed text from the document:

SECURITY INFORMATION
UNCLASSIFIED
AFCIN-ATIA-28
IN REPLY REFER TO:
AFCIN-ATIA-28
SUBJECT: (Uncl) Letter of Appreciation
TO: Commanding Officer
Roswell Air Force Base
Roswell, Texas
1. The Air Technical Intelligence Center wishes to express its appreciation to the Commanding Officer and personnel of the Roswell Air Force Base for their recent investigation of unidentified aerial objects reported over the local area.
2. Capt Paraker and Lt Farley of the Intelligence were very helpful in obtaining additional information on the incident.
3. The initial spot intelligence report and investigations made by the efforts of the Commanding Officer were excellent. The reports were very complete and have been fully evaluated by this Headquarters.
Col. FRANK L. DUNN
Colonel, USAF
Chief

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a project blue book document from 1951.

ATIA--20/F.R/53
21 MAR 1952

Carr Hill, Texas

Inclosed are four (4) 35 mm negatives of an unidentified aerial object that you so graciously loaned to the Air Force for analysis. 

I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for the use of the negatives and the cooperation you have given to Air Force personnel. You have shown the interest in the welfare of our nation.

Sincerely yours,

C. T. KIRKLAND, JR.
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Technical Analysis Division

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
COUNTRY: United States
PLACE: Orange, VA
DATE OF INFORMATION: 4 Sep 1951
SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Objects
SUMMARY: The sighting of an unknown aerial object was reported by US Highway 70, 21 miles north of Nacona, Texas on the night of 4 September 1951.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report document, which is part of Project Blue Book.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM (AGENCY)
UI-6, Intelligence Officer
REPORT NO 
9-21-51
PAGE  2   OF   2    PAGES

The text in the document is as follows:

This report indicated that at approximately 7:15 hours on 9-21-51, a resident of Orange, Virginia, advised that about an hour earlier she had observed an unidentified flying object in the sky. She stated that the object was about the size of a baseball at arm's length, was orange in color, and was traveling at a high rate of speed in a northerly direction. She stated that she watched the object for approximately three minutes before it disappeared from view in a northerly direction. 

The object was described as looking like a yellow vapor-trail against the sky. As the object came into view, the witness stated that she could see a small, bright, light-green light at the rear of the object, which appeared to be the source of the propulsion. This light pulsed or flickered at a very rapid rate.

The witness stated that in her opinion the object was airborne and not a conventional aircraft of any kind. She stated that the object made no sound and moved at a speed far greater than any conventional aircraft.

It is the opinion of this officer that the object observed may have been an unconventional type of aircraft. This opinion is based on the physical description and characteristics of the object as reported by the witness. No other supporting evidence is available.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text of the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED 
AIR MAIL

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
District Office No. 23 - Carswell Air Force Base
Fort Worth, Texas

24-0 SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT 7 September 1951

SUBJECT: Unidentified Objects in Flight over Lubbock, Texas

TO: Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

1. SYNOPSIS: Mysterious objects appearing to be "strings of beads" traveling at high speeds have allegedly been observed over Lubbock, Texas since 25 August 1951. These objects were reportedly observed by three faculty members of the Texas Technological College, Lubbock, Texas on 25 August 1951. The reports of these objects concerning their shape, altitude, speed and time of observation were checked with the three college professors who made the original observations. The observations by the three college professors were later vouched for by one Dr. A *** of Lubbock, Texas who is alleged to have taken photographs of the objects on 1 and 2 September 1951. At Matador, Texas, on 31 August 1951, a brilliant, fast-moving object passed within 150 feet of the automobile of three persons and disappeared.

2. DETAILS: Numerous reports have been received by news sources at Lubbock, Texas and vicinity since 25 August 1951. First observation of such objects was reportedly made by three faculty members of the Texas Technological College, Lubbock, Texas. These professors were:
a. Dr. A *** - Professor of Geology
b. Dr. W *** - Professor of Physics
c. Mr. J *** - Professor of Mathematics
These individuals stated that on several evenings between 8:30 and 10:30 they observed groups of bright objects moving across the sky. They stated that the objects appeared to be flying from the northeast to the southwest. These objects were described as appearing to be "strings of beads" and were stated to be traveling at a very high rate of speed, much faster than any conventional aircraft. These professor's observations were then checked with Professor R *** of the Physics Department of the same college. He verified that their observations were correct.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text transcription:
New Guinea? Is the U.S. Air Force deliberately withholding information about flying saucers, for fear that revealing the truth would trigger a panic? Why do some of our scientific circles, those that officially deny the existence of unidentified flying objects, ask such questions when there is ample evidence that such phenomena do exist elsewhere in our galaxy, these questions are being asked by a great many people who formerly would have laughed off such thoughts as pure fantasy.

Almost 20 years ago, a news story about "flying saucers" flashed over the press wires, startling our nation and much of the civilized world. From that moment, a world-wide interest in unidentified flying objects has continued, despite concerted efforts of official authorities and others to refute and debunk them.

Fortunately we have under active discussion at this time "Project Blue Book," an Air Force investigation of UFO sightings and report findings so that the U.S. Air Force, with recommendations for future operations of the Air Force's own Project Blue Book" inquiry. The Colorado report will then be reviewed by the National Academy of Sciences. Funded at somewhat more than $300,000, the study will analyze UFO reports, and actually design scientists to the field to study UFOs at first hand, a plan that proves feasible. Guaranteed a completely free hand by the Air Force, the inquiry should do much to quiet the under-critics of Project Blue Book, and also to satisfy any public doubts and fears. It is, in fact, the first really scientific attack on the UFO problem ever undertaken in the United States.

The critical problem of national security makes an all-out scientific attack on the UFO puzzle seem long overdue. But since the first reports of modern times, the subject has been beset by unbelievable incidents, hoaxers and plain crack-pots, so that most scientists have shied away from the problem. The nearest approach to a scientific investigation, the 2-year USAF study called Project Blue Book, has been generally discredited and ignored by scientists, hoaxers and plain crack-pots.

A 1951 phenomenon that is still unexplained is the one known as the "Lubbock Lights," which was sighted at Lubbock, Texas. It is one of the photographs the U. of Colorado may examine.

- page 23 -

The image contains a photograph of an object in the sky that is described as "Swamp gas" by the Air Force explanation for the sighting in Hillsdale, Michigan. The photograph shows an unidentified flying object that was photographed over Long Island.

"Swamp gas" was the Air Force explanation for the sighting in Hillsdale, Michigan, according to the text in the image.

OCR output:
"A photograph, taken by Dan (left) and Grant Fairstedt in the backyard of their home northeast of Detroit, is undergoing scientific analysis.

series of peculiar lights was seen over Wanaque reservoir in Northern New Jersey. Similar lights were reported near Hillsdale, Mich., by many residents of that area, who loudly contradicted semiofficial statements that marsh gas was responsible. Still more such-sighted glowing lights were seen and photographed over Long Island. This time the official explanation put the blame on the star Sirius.

In January, 1967, two youngsters, Daniel and Grant Fairstedt, in Harrison Township, northeast of Detroit, reported seeing what looked like a big hamburger and was the size of a helicopter. The photos were sent to Dr. J. Allen Hynek, chairman of the Astronomy Department at Northwestern University, who has investigated reported sightings for the U. S. Air Force. His comment at the time was that the photos did not indicate an obvious hoax, but that the required analysis had not yet been completed.

As matters now stand, there is anything but agreement, either within the body of the general public, or among various groups of UFO buffs. The clues and individuals who swear they have had actual contact with intelligent beings who come flying over are the clubs and individuals who swear they have had actual contact with intelligent beings who come flying saucers.

At the other end of the gamut of UFO groups is NICAP, the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, of Washington, D.C., with Major Keyhoe as Director, and Richard Hall as Assistant Director. With a membership of about 11,000 civilians, NICAP is the largest and most influential UFO group, relying on a highly percentage of scientific, technical, military and law enforcement personnel. Somewhere in the middle is the Saucer and Unexplained Celestial Events Research Society, of Rt. Lee, N. J. and New York City. SAUCERS was founded in 1954, claims about 7,000 members and holds a broader view of UFO phenomena than than the more conservative NICAP.

This photo shows related by the town's official defense director to refute the "swamp gas" theory."

- page 24 -

The image appears to contain two distinct elements - on the left side, there is an unclear or blurred object, likely some kind of aerial phenomenon. On the right side, the image depicts two individuals, one wearing sunglasses and the other with their hands visible.

Text from the document:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14
SECTION VI 
CASE HISTORIES 
PART 1

SIGHTING REPORTS SEPTEMBER 7, 1951 
ORANGE, VIRGINIA

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

TEXT OUTPUT:

UNCLASSIFIED

Appendix I

LIBRSRIA, 21 MAR - 22 APRIL 1951

I. DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT:

The facts of the series of sightings related to this incident occurred the evening of 2 August 1951 at approximately 9:10 p.m. Four Texas Technical College students, in conjunction with other persons, observed a number of objects in the night sky. The objects appeared to be solid in form and to perform maneuvers in the air not attributable to known aircraft. The objects were observed for periods up to two minutes. The actions of the objects indicated a high rate of speed which, according to the viewers, appeared considerably in excess of 200 miles per hour. The objects were not determined but the viewers stated they observed a relatively high rate of speed. The pattern of flight exhibited by these objects was not usual for conventional aircraft operating according to accepted practices of the time. Although the objects were observed by four persons over a period of about three weeks, only the initial sighting on 2 August (13) in detail.

The group of men included:
a. The Head of the Department
b. Professor of [redacted], has Ph.D.
c. Professor of [redacted], has Ph.D.
d. Professor of [redacted], has Ph.D.

Besides the above four, the following have observed the incidents:
a. Professor [redacted], has Ph.D., Graduate student working on [redacted].

In addition, a Professor of Astronomy was consulted on the incident, but he did not exhibit much interest in the sighting.

The above mentioned men took a personal interest in the phenomena and undertook to make all possible measurements and observations. Attempts were made to obtain an altitude measurement by comparing the size of the objects with the size of known objects, but the results were not conclusive.

From the series of observations, the following facts were obtained:
a. The angular velocity of the objects was very nearly 30° per second.
b. There was no sound that could be attributed to the objects.
c. The flight path of the objects was from E to W in the majority of the flights, although some were from W to E.
d. On several nights there were two or three flights.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text found in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

e. The color of the 11-light was blue-green.
f. There were from 15 to 20 separate lights in each formation.
g. The first two flights observed were a semi-circle or U-shape but in subsequent flights there was no orderly arrangement.
h. The objects were first observed from the north and disappeared to the south. The objects did not actually come closer or move away but merely appeared and disappeared from a distance, neither did it visually disappear. 
i. There was no audible sound change or change in light intensity observed.
j. The "angular size" was estimated to be 10°.
Attempts were made to obtain the relative heights or the angular size in radian measure, but ascertaining this was difficult due to the fact that the objects merged between closely scattered clouds.
Attempts were made to determine whether or not there was any form between the lights or any solid object behind them, but these efforts were unsuccessful.
This phenomenon was observed by at least one hundred people in and around Lubbock, Texas. Some of these people were of the opinion that the objects were lights from the South Plains Air Force Base.
On the evening of 31 August 1951 at about 2300 C.S.T., a college freshman from Texas Tech University observed a formation of the listed objects over the city, watching the first flight of these objects was observed through a ground level window. These objects were starting to move. Two more flights of the object were clearly observed and were photographed. The photographs do show a formation of lights. This would appear to be illogical as by 31 August 1951 these flights were well known and there were no further flights of the object seen after that date. It is well known that two more flights of the object were clearly observed and were photographed. The photographs do not a show a circular formation of lights. The photo shows a V-shaped formation of lights. The photographs show a variation of light intensity, some lights appearing to be brighter than others, which appears to be inherent light sources.

(See appendix III for possible related incidents.)

II. STATUS OF THE INVESTIGATION
A. Trip to Lubbock, Texas
On 6 September 1951 an officer was sent to Lubbock, Texas, to obtain more details on the incident which had occurred in that city. The purpose of the trip was to obtain more definite information as to the identification of the objects observed and to attempt to obtain photographs if further flights occurred. The officer interviewed various observers and they presented a signed statement describing the objects they had observed.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED

The objects were not too brilliant, and since there were several it is obvious that they observed a V-shaped formation of lights. This is not to be considered, however, as to the shape of the objects, since there were several of them and they observed only the lights. They had never observed a V-shaped formation of lights before.

The objects that the professors observed were, in their opinion, not too bright to be photogenic. If they had been brighter, the college professors were satisfied that they could have photographed them. As it was, their intensity was such that when the professors developed the negatives, the objects had disappeared.

It was found that one school of thought at the people at the Newsweek Area was that the objects were some type of military balloon reflecting light. This, however, was just a reflection, since the objects themselves apparently showed no detail such as would characterize a balloon. Some of the people who were looking for the objects did see blicks as there were dust particles in the air.

The college professors do not believe the theory that the objects were birds, but they are willing to consider it. If they were birds, they could have to be relatively low to give the illusion of high speed. An explanation does not seem reasonable, however, if they continued to do this for several minutes.

The Federal 'U.S. Life Case" wasn't one to upset, although he was not familiar with the incident. He indicated he couldn't have been certain that they could have been, however, the most likely explanation would be if it is a bird, a balloon or aircraft. Since no details were given, he felt he couldn't make a final judgment if there would be enough of these fires to make up as they appeared to be.

If the photos are authentic, the objects very possibly are not discs, because the professors chose their spots carefully and attempted to get photos of discs using both natural light and flares, but failed.

Analysis of photos by Wright Air Development Center.
The Photographic Reconnaissance Laboratories recommends a preliminary analysis of the photographs. The analysis was made by Interpreting the negatives in a comparator microscope. Their conclusions were:

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 28 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
1. The images on the negatives were caused by 11-18 striking unexposed film. The negatives were not retouched.
2. The individual lights in the "formation" varied in intensity.
3. The intensity was greater than any surrounding stars as the stars did not register. (The photos were taken under CAVE conditions.)
4. The individual lights changed position in the "formation".
5. Reinforcement of the photographer
6. The OSI was requested to interrogate the photographer in another attempt to gain more definitive information about the sightings. This attempt was unsuccessful, and the OSI stated that there were no indications that the photographs were not authentic.
7. Future Investigations
A new approach, however, will be made during January. Arrangements are being made to have a Project Grudge consultant and scientist visit the sighting area. If the photographs are authentic, they are important and warrant a thorough investigation in that:
1. They will give an accurate measurement of the angular span.
2. The light source, although it appeared to be of low intensity to the eye, was highly actinic.
3. The movement of the individual lights in the formation can be studied further.
4. Density comparison tests can be made.

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

LUBBOCK, TEXAS
25 August 1951

On the evenings of 25 August 1951, 31 August 1951, and 1 September 1951, flights of unidentified objects were observed over Lubbock, Texas. The objects appeared to come and go with rapidity, but it is generally agreed that it was a "V" or "U" shaped set of lighting objects. Many witnesses claimed to have observed the objects, and some turned over photographs to the Air Force which he claims are of two of the flights. Disagreement among the witnesses is on the number of lights in the sightings, and whether the object appeared as a single unit or as a series of separate units.

Many witnesses reported the incident, but the most technically competent observers were probably Professor C.G. and Dr. G. Professor C.G. and Dr. G., professors of s, Tech. In addition to their own observations, they conducted interviews with other witnesses, and came to certain conclusions. For their initial sightings of the 25 August 1951, they happened to observe the first flight of the object, which they described as a rough triangle or light sources passing over them at an estimated velocity of 600-700 mph at 2000-3000 feet altitude. During subsequent observations the professors confirmed their estimate of the velocity by using trigonometric methods, and also by using clouds or known heights.

In 1959 Dr J Allen Hynek contacted one of the professors at Texas Tech regarding this case. This professor informed Dr Hynek that they had conducted an extensive study of the Lubbock sighting and determined that they were definitely birds.

The Air Force conclusion is that birds, with street lights reflecting from them, were the probable cause of the sightings. The angular velocity recorded was approximately 600 MPH at an altitude of approximately 2000 feet.

Mr - When taking his pictures, had to do so by "panning" his camera (moving with the object's motion). Panning is quite difficult and the relatively high angular velocity of this object makes it clear that the visual velocity was high.

The kind of birds responsible for this sighting is not known, but it is highly probable that they were ducks or plovers. Since plovers do not usually fly in formations of more than six or seven, it becomes more probable that the objects of this sighting were migrating birds. This fact tends to substantiate the conclusion that the objects of this sighting were migratory birds.

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically an "Air Intelligence Information Report" dated September 29, 1951.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT
DATE OF OBSERVATION: 29 SEPTEMBER 1951
PLACE OF OBSERVATION: ORANGE, VIRGINIA
On 29 September 1951 at 8:15 PM (EST), an unidentified object was observed in the sky over Orange, Virginia. The object was described as circular, approximately 25-30 feet in diameter, and silver or aluminum in color. It was observed for approximately 3-4 minutes before disappearing. The object moved in a straight line and at a constant speed, estimated to be around 500-600 mph. No sound was heard.
The report states that "the object was definite and easily identified" but "it is believed impossible for conventional aircraft to perform the speed and maneuverability exhibited by the object."

- page 31 -

This image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is an index or table of contents for a Project Blue Book UFO report from Lubbock, Texas dated August 25, 1951. The document lists various case summaries, reports, correspondence, and analyses related to UFO sightings and investigations.

LUBBOCK, TEXAS
25 August 1951

TAB (left)
A    Case Summaries
B    Status Report 
C    Miscellaneous Correspondence
D    Matador Texas Sighting       31 Aug 51

TAB (Right)
A    Spot Intelligence Report       7 Sep 51
B    Initial Investigation           8 Oct 51
C    Rumple Trip Report            6-9 Nov 51 
D    Statement of College Professors  21 Nov 51
E    Reinterrogation of Carl Hart     5 Dec 51
F    Photo Analysis Report           3 Dec 51
G    Photographs

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

CASE #   
25 Aug 51   Lubbock, Texas

The bulk of the following information is taken from photostatic copies of article from the Lubbock, Texas, Avalanche Journal, dates 26 August 1951, 28 August 1951, 1 September 1951, 2 September 1951 and 5 September 1951. The contents of these articles have been investigated and verified by the USAF and RANCE AFB officials.

On the evening of 25 August 1951, 31 August 1951 and 1 September 1951, flights of an unidentified object were observed over Lubbock. In some instances there were several flights per evening. The description of the objects varies to some extent but it is generally agreed that it is a V or U shaped set of lights. Photos were obtained of 2 such flights. The photographer has been investigated and appears reliable. Discrepancies in the description of the object 1st in the number of lights, which varies from 50 to 18, and whether it was a V or U shape. The flight path was NE to SW or N to S. They were brighter than stars and yellowish or blue. In most cases there was an absence of noise, a few people heard a slight "whoosh".

The incident has aroused the populace of Lubbock and two theories have arisen. One is that it is an aircraft; the other is that it is light reflecting off some type of migratory fowl.

Three college professors were gathered together discussing astronomy on the evening of 25 August 1951. They happened to be looking at a certain constellation when they observed the first flight at 2110. They described it as a rough semi-circle of lights. A second object passed over 3 minutes later. The men observed that there was no shock wave felt and they surmised that the object or objects must be above 50,000'. (Comment: 10 object or connection were in all probability too high for visual).  Sights except at very low altitudes.) They could not judge the exact attitude or speed but agreed the speed was very high.

ATIC Comment:

- page 33 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report with text describing the analysis of airborne objects.

Lubbock, Texas
Attic Comment: 
The photographic negatives were examined with negative results. All possibilities of airborne objects were examined with negative results.

Conclusion:

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old unclassified Project Blue Book document discussing a UFO incident that occurred over Lubbock, Texas on several dates in August and September 1951. The document describes the sightings, the details of the objects observed, and the theories that arose from the incident. It also lists the names of some of the reliable witnesses who observed the objects, including a Professor and Head of Petroleum Engineering at Texas Tech.

UNCLASSIFIED 
LUBBOCK, TEXAS, INCIDENT

The bulk of the following information is taken from photostatic copies of articles from the Lubbock, Texas, Avalanche Journal, dates 26 August 1951, 28 August 1951, 1 September 1951, 2 September 1951, and 5 September 1951. The contents of these articles have been investigated and verified by the O.S.I. and Reece AFB officials.

On the evening of 25 August 1951, 31 August 1951, and 1 September 1951, flights of an unidentified object were observed over Lubbock, Texas, in some instances there were several flights per evening. The description of the objects varies to some extent but it is generally agreed that it is a V or U-shaped set of lights. Photos were obtained of two such flights. (See inclosure #1.)

The photographer, Mr. _______, has been investigated and appears reliable. Disagreement on the description of the object is in the number of lights, which varies from 50 to 18, and whether it was a V or U-shaped. The flight path was NE to SW of 16 to 8 miles. They were brighter than stars and yellowish or blue. In most cases there was an absence of noise, a few people heard a slight "whoosh".

The incident has aroused the populace of Lubbock and two theories have arisen. One is that it is an aircraft; the other is that it is light reflecting off some type of migratory fowl.

A large number of people have witnessed the incident. The ones who have been named in reports are listed in inclosure #2, but many other unnamed people observed the incident on various nights. Probably the most technically competent observers were:

a. ________, Professor and Head of Petroleum Engineering Department at Texas Tech.

- page 35 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document containing a report or description of unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

Text from the document:

b. DR. --- --- Professor of Chemical Engineering at Texas Tech.
c. DR. --- --- Professor of Geology at Texas Tech.

The above named observers have witnessed flights on several nights. They do not believe the bird theory, and stated that they have witnessed enough of the phenomena, or whatever it is, to make this decision. It is apparent from the information received by ATIC that this group attempted to approach the situation in a scientific manner.

The three college professors were gathered together discussing astronomy on the evening of 25 August 1951. They happened to be looking at a certain constellation when they observed the first flight at 2110. They described it as a rough semi-circle of lights. A second object passed over 3 minutes later. The men observed that there was no shock wave felt and they surmised that the object or objects must be above 50,000' (Comment: No shock or compression was felt due to high horizontal flights except at very low altitudes.) They could not judge the exact altitude or speed but agreed the speed was very high.

The 5 September 1951 sighting was observed by a group of people with scientific backgrounds from the Texas Tech faculty. The group was unnamed but included six men with PhD degrees. They observed three flights and supposedly made measurements. Their counter to the migratory fowl theory is that:
a. There would not be enough light from reflections to obtain photographs of a bird in flight at night. (Comment: Substantiated by the photo Section of WADO.)
b. The speed is too great; a 1250 are in 2 seconds (See Inclosure #3).
c. The object was sighted by Big Spring Texas Airport officials from the airport, which was not lighted, so there could be no light to reflect.
d. In regard to the 1200 arc, one flight was observed over a cloud that

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Text extracted from the document:

was at 2000'. The professors calculated that if the object were at 2000', the speed would be greater than 600/mph. (Comment: About 1000 mph) Incidents that are possibly related to the Lubbock sightings were observed on 25 August 1951 and 31 August 1951.

On 25 August at 2158 MST, Mr. and Mrs. ----- of Albuquerque, New Mexico, sighted a "flying wing" type aircraft about 1 1/2 times the size of a B-36 over Albuquerque. The wing span was approximately 15 degrees and they noticed "soft glowing lights" on the trailing edge of the wing. There was no sound. It appeared to be going generally N to S. Mr. ----- is considered by O.S.I. to be completely reliable. The possibility of aircraft in area was checked and is negative.

At 1245 CST, Mrs. ----- and her daughter, Mrs. ------, were driving their automobile a few miles north of Matador, Texas. Mrs. ----- and then Mrs. ----- observed an object drifting slowly in an easterly direction. (Comment: This is the type of incident being looked into. The object was about 150' altitude and 200' in front of the automobile. It was pear-shaped and judged to be 150' high, 40' wide and 15' long. The ladies stopped the car and got out. The object was pear-shaped, aluminum or silver in color, with a window or port. It ascended rapidly, small and up, with a circular motion. There was no smoke or sound.

Mrs. Tilson has been checked by O.S.I. and appears to be reliable.

On 26 August 1951 another incident occurred which although not being in the Texas - New Mexico area may have a bearing on the incident. At 0835 PST (0626 CST) a ground radar type AN/CPS-1 and an AN/APS-4 picked up a fast moving target. The target was observed twice for a few seconds. The object was unclassified.

- page 37 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

was plotted at 13,000' making a ground speed of 948 mph. The signals, however, were weak and their true identity was doubtful. The operator, an AF Captain, has had a great deal of experience and is completely reliable. The F-86's were scrambled by radar last contact before the fighters were airborne. They made a visual search with no success. The weather did not favor anomalous propagation.

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only textual information related to weather conditions in various locations in Texas on August 30, 31, and September 1, 1951. The text discusses cloud cover, visibility, wind speed, and other meteorological details.

Extracting the text from the document:

WEATHER

Lubbock, Texas - 2300 CST - 30 August 1951
Thin scattered clouds at 28,000* visibility 
15 miles plus, wind 838 at 5 knots.

Reese AFB - 1230 CST - 31 August 1951
Broken clouds at 6000'. This broken 
clouds at 25,000*. Visibility 15 miles. 
Wind NNE 7 knots.

Childress, Texas - 1230 CST - 31 August 1951
Overcast at 25,000*. Visibility 15 miles.
Wind NNE 7 knots.

Lubbock, Texas - 2330 CST - 1 September 1951
Clear
Visibility 15 miles plus.
Wind SE at 4 knots.

Sunset during period 25 August to 5 September about
1825 CST, duration of twilight is about 25 minutes.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 39 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

1. Report states "objects were seen in Amarillo, Big Spring, Lamesa, Brown Field and other scattered places - South Flying cities."
Check these to see if description, course, and speed are about the same. Hamper investigators are probably a good source. Try to plot a track. Check Big Spring Airport people.
2. Report states that six pilots observed the flights. What was their opinion and did they make any measurement?
3. Article stated that the object transversed a 120° in two seconds. How was arc measured? What chance of error?
4. Was ground around spot where Mrs. [REDACTED] and Mrs. [REDACTED] saw object examined?
5. Get weather for all nights?
6. Were ducks seen in daytime?
7. Did Mrs. [REDACTED] and Mrs. [REDACTED] hear about Lubbock incident before their sighting?
8. Wind, winds go with, into it, or any special direction in relation to wind? "Was drifting slowly cast"? "Began rapid ascent to cast"? (What was NE 3-5 knots.)
9. What is possibility of hoax started by college professors? Assume they wanted to start a mass hysteric experiment. Since they are supposed highly qualified, their statements would go over big. Maybe they planted the photos?
10. Attempt to get angle at which [REDACTED] shot the picture. How about clouds, above or below?

- page 40 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). There is no photograph present in this particular document, only text.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

LUBBOCK, TEXAS - 25 AUGUST 1951

Status Report #1

The first of a series of sightings relate to this incident occurred during the evening of September 27, 1951. Four Texas Technological College professors were sitting in the backyard of one of the professor's homes observing meteors when their attention was called to a peculiar formation of lights being observed over the Lubbock area. The sightings were carried out by the college professors, and as they observed a group of lights pass overhead that were larger and more brilliant than usual stars, they were impressed by the unusual nature of the incident.

On the following nights of September 28th and 29th, similar incidents were observed and during a period of about three weeks a total of numerous sightings were made by these men.

The group of men included:

a. The Head of the Department of Physics who has Ph.D.
b. Professor of Electrical Engineering, has Ph.D.
c. Professor of Mechanical Engineering, has Ph.D.
d. Professor of Civil Engineering, has Ph.D.

Besides the above four men, the following have observed the incidents:

a. Professor of Astronomy was consulted on the incident, but he did not observe any of these flights.

The above mentioned men took a personal interest in the phenomena and undertook a study of the objects. Attempts were made to obtain an altitude measurement by lining up the objects with known landmarks, but this was not successful, as the objects were too high, and there was no satisfactory base line. However, all their attempts failed because the objects did not reappear on the nights they were ready for observations.

From the series of observations, the following facts were obtained:

a. The angular velocity of the objects was very nearly 200 degrees per second.
b. There was no sound that could be attributed to the objects.
c. The flight path of the objects was from N to S in the majority of cases.
d. There were two or three flights per evening.
e. The period between flights was about one hour and 10 minutes.

- page 41 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

The text in the document is as follows:

"AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

1. When it was first observed: The object was observed by the witness at about 3.00 p.m. or 4.00 p.m. on 7 September 1951.

2. Location of sighting: The object was observed at Orange, Virginia.

3. Description of object: The object was described as a circular, bright, metallic object, about 50 to 60 feet in diameter. It was traveling at a high rate of speed and left a trail of black smoke.

4. Course of object: The object was observed to make a sharp turn and then disappear.

5. Time of sighting: The object was observed for about 3 to 5 minutes.

6. Weather conditions: The weather was clear and sunny at the time of the sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED"

- page 42 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 520010

a. The color of the lights was blue-white.
b. There were from 20 to 30 separate lights in each formation.
c. The lights observed were stationary fixed-point objects of lights but in no way similar to conventional aircraft lights. 
d. The object always appeared at an angle of about 60 degrees per horizontal plane in the north and disappeared at about the same angle in the south. The object did not gradually come into view as would an aircraft approaching from a distance, but rather it appeared and disappeared in an instant.
e. There was no apparent change in size as the object passed overhead.

Attempts were made to obtain the relative height of the object in respect to familiar terrain objects, but the sheer speed at which the object passed between widely scattered, distant points made any such attempt futile.

This phenomena was observed by at least two-hundred people in a small around the town Lubbock, Texas. Most of these people were students at the college and some were local residents. The direction was always south to north.

On the evening of 31 Aug 1951, at about 2330 CST, a college freshman ....

(See Appendix II and V for possibly related incidents.)

Status of the Investigation
1. Project grudge personnel made a trip to Lubbock, Texas, on 9 November 1951 to obtain a first-hand report of the phenomena and interview the college professors and their stories. A written statement of their observations and findings was requested at this time.

The investigators were convinced that the objects observed were not conventional aircraft. The strange nature of the lights was recounted in detail by a number of college professors who had observed the same objects that many students had reported seeing.

- page 43 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

The text in the document reads as follows:

discrepancies in the photos have been found and the photo-grapher is being interrogated by the U.S.i.

Clome are photos of the people in the village area is that the objects, the size and character on my film. Nothing is missing from the films. The objects in photo 1 near near the cottage seem to be same as objects in photo 3. However, when enlarging the photos numerous small objects were noticed flying over during the flight pattern shown in photo 3. It is very difficult to identify these objects as to whether they are birds, airplanes or some other objects. The identities of these small objects will require extensive study. However, other people were just as baffled and confirm that they have not seen these objects before. The investigation continues as to why the objects were not heard, nor any other sound like propellors. The Regional I.8.1. base has confirmed that there are no known aircraft flights at the time of the sighting.

The Regional F.B.I, have advised that they do not believe the theory that the objects were birds, but they are giving the possibility more consideration as to whether they were man-made or natural lights or peirments of high speed flight. An incidental flight of birds might not past over this area as a coincidence flight of some distance.

The Regional Air Force command has been advised of this incident and although he was not familiar with the incident and details of the objects, he stated that it is not a member of the Air Force flight, nor was there any known Allied Military or other known aircraft in that area at that time. He is a member of the Joint Operations Monitoring Board and will lake this information under advisement for any further informations that may warrant and action.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DDD DIR $200,10

- page 44 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT A YEAR INTERVALS;
NOT AUTOMATICALLY REGRADED: DOD DIR 5200.10

LUBBOCK, TEXAS - 25 August 1951

I. DISCUSSION OF THE INCIDENT

The first of a series of sightings related to this incident occurred the evening of 25 August 1951 at approximately 2010 CDT. Four Texas Technological College professors were sitting in the backyard of one of the professor's homes observing meteors. It also they observed a group of lights pass overhead from N to S. The lights had about the same intensity as a 5-8 magnitude star. The altitude was not determined but the pattern of the lights did indicate a semi-circle containing from 20 to 30 separate units. The pattern of the lights later appeared to be a solid circular object containing from 20 to 30 separate units. This object was observed and photographed during a period of about three weeks a total of approximately twelve (12) such flights were observed by these men.

The group of men included:
a. The Head of the ___ Department, has PhD.
b. Professor of ___, has PhD.
c. Professor of ___, has PhD.
d. Professor of ___, has PhD.

Besides the above four men, the following have observed the incidents:
a. Professor of ___, has PhD.
b. Graduate Student working on PhD.

In addition, a Professor of Astronomy was consulted on the incident, but he did not observe any of these flights.

The above mentioned men took a personal interest in the phenomena and undertook a study of the objects. Attempts were made to obtain an altitude measurement by varying the line of sight of the object and placing angle measuring devices at the end of the base line, however, this proved unsuccessful because the objects if not appear on the horizon.

From the series of observations, the following facts were obtained:
a. The angular velocity of the object was very nearly 30° of arc per second.
b. There was no sound that could be attributed to the object.
c. The flight path of the object was from N to E in the majority of the flights, although some were NE to SW.
d. On several nights there were two or three flights.

- page 45 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. As an OCR system, I will proceed to produce the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

a. The color of the lights was blue-green.
b. There were from 15 to 20 separate lights in each formation.
c. The first two flights observed were a semi-circle or lights but in subsequent flights there was no orderly arrangement.
d. The flights were observed to be traveling almost due north and disappeared at about 45° in the south. The object did not gradually come into view as would an aircraft approaching from a distance, neither did it gradually disappear.
e. There was no apparent change in size as the object passed overhead.
f. The "familiar span" was estimated to be 10°.
Attempts were made to obtain the relative height of the object in respect to clouds. However, these attempts were also unsuccessful due to the object's height being widely scattered and distant.
Attempts were made to determine whether or not there was any form between the lights by calling to see stars between the lights. These also were unsuccessful due to the short time the object was in view.
The phenomena was observed by several responsible people in Lubbock, Texas. Some of these people were of the opinion that the objects were like aircraft lights from the city.
On the evening of 31 August 1951 at about 2330 C.S.T., a college freshman from Texas Tech observed a flight of the unidentified objects more over his home. This flight was identical to the flights described in part a except that in this instance the object made an attempt to get photographs of additional flights of the object. Subsequent to this event, these flights of the object had also occurred, and the fact that several flights might occur in an evening was well known to the observer. Very little more information could be obtained from the observer and he seemed disturbed at the narratives but the other one was lost or replaced by the photographer. The photographs show a formation of lights. In one photo a single V of lights appears while on three photos there is a doublet. The separate lights, which appear to be minimum light sources, vary in intensity.
(See appendix II for possibly related incidents.)

II. STATUS OF THE INVESTIGATION

A. Trip to Lubbock, Texas
A trip was made to Lubbock, Texas, on 6-9 November 1951 to obtain more details on the incident. Many people who had seen the object or who were involved in the incident were interrogated. A complete report was compiled covering the objects they had observed and their interpretation of the phenomena.

- page 46 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Unclassified Document Dated at 3 Year Intervals:
Declassified After 12 Years.
DDD DTE 2000.10

The text in the document discusses the account of the photographer who was interrogated by OSI (Office of Special Investigations) regarding his observations of unidentified aerial phenomena. The key points are:

1. The photographer had previously been interrogated by the FBI and had observed lights that he could not identify. He and others had observed these lights on several occasions.
2. The objects observed were not bright enough to be photographed.
3. One school of thought was that the objects were experimental aircraft being tested, but several people reported that they observed the objects performing maneuvers that were not characteristic of any known aircraft.
4. The college professors do not believe the theory that the objects were experimental aircraft, as they would have been detectable by radar and other methods.
5. The document mentions a Federal Wild Life Game Warden who was familiar with the incidents and interviewed people who had observed the objects.
6. The document discusses the possibility of the observations being related to the ducks in the area, but states that if the photos are authentic, the objects are likely not ducks.
7. The document mentions an analysis of the photographs by the Photographic Reconnaissance Laboratory of USAF, but the results of this analysis are not provided.

- page 47 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document states:

UNCLASSIFIED
1. The images on the negatives were caused by light striking unexposed film, (i.e., the negatives were not retouched).
2. The individual lights in the "formation" varied in intensity.
3. The intensity was greater than any surrounding stars as the stars did not register. (The photos were taken under CAVIL conditions.)
4. The individual lights changed position in the "formation".
C. Re-interrogation of the photographer:
The OSI was requested to reinterrogate the photographer in another attempt to determine the authenticity of the photographs. The details of this interrogation have not been received, but a preliminary report stated that there were no indications that the photographs were not authentic.
D. Future Investigations:
A trip to Lubbock, Texas, will be made during January. Arrangements are being made to have a Project grudge consultant and a physician accompany the investigators. If the photographs are authentic, they are important in that:
1. They will give an accurate measurement of the "angular span".
2. The light source, although it appeared to be of low intensity to the eye, was highly sensitive.
3. The movement of the individual lights in the formation can be studied further.
4. Density comparison tests can be made.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 48 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document containing text describing a reported UFO sighting.

OCR output:

LUBBOCK, TEXAS - AUG 27 - TWO STRANGE FORMATIONS LIKE "STRINGS OF BEADS" IN CRESCENT SHAPE HURLED THROUGH THE SKY OVER LUBBOCK AT A SPEED WHICH CARRIED THEM FROM HORIZON TO HORIZON IN THREE SECONDS, THREE TEXAS TECH COLLEGE PROFESSORS SAID TODAY. THE WEIRD FORMATIONS WERE REPORTED BY W. L. DUCKER, HEAD OF THE TECH PETROLEUM ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT, WHO SAID "IF I HADN'T HAD CONFIRMING WITNESSES PRESENT, I FEEL SURE I WOULD HAVE SAID NOTHING ABOUT WHAT I SAW." DUCKER SAID HE AND DR. A. G. OBERG, PROFESSOR OF CHEMICAL ENGINEERING, WERE RELAXING AT THE HOME OF DR. W. L. ROBINSON, GEOLOGY PROFESSOR, SATURDAY NIGHT, WHEN THE "STRING OF BEADS" WHIPPED ACROSS THE HEAVENS. "WE FELT NO SONIC WAVES, SUCH AS AN OBJECT MOVING AT SUCH HIGH SPEEDS IN THE LOWER ATMOSPHERE WOULD GIVE OFF," DUCKER SAID, "AND THE ABSENCE OF SUCH WAVES WOULD INDICATE THE FORMATION WAS FLYING IN THE STRATOSPHERE, 50,000 FEET ABOVE THE EARTH OR HIGHER."
THE THREE PROFESSORS AGREED THAT PASSAGE OF THE OBJECTS ACROSS THE ARC OF THE SKY REQUIRED ABOUT THREE SECONDS. WITH THAT TIME BASIS, DUCKER SAID, "WE FIGURED THE SPEED MUST HAVE BEEN 1,800 MILES PER HOUR IF THE OBJECTS WERE A MILE HIGH."
"IF THEY WERE AT 50,000 FEET," DUCKER SAID, "THE SPEED MUST HAVE BEEN ABOUT 13,000 MILES PER HOUR."
THE PROFESSORS SAID THEY COULD NOT DETERMINE SHAPE OF THE OBJECTS BECAUSE OF THE SPEED, BUT THAT EACH GAVE OFF A GLOW OF REFLECTED LIGHT.
AUTHORITIES AT REESE AIR FORCE BASE NEAR HERE SAID NO JET PLANES WERE IN THE AREA AT THE TIME OF THE SIGHTING. THERE APPEARED TO BE NO ADDITIONAL WITNESSES TO THE PHENOMENON.
END

- page 49 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribed text from the document:

CO, ATIC
Commanding Officer
Carswell Air Force Base
Fort Worth, Texas

PRIORITY
X

OSI Ltr 24-0 9-7-51

Reference OSI Letter 24-0 dated 7 September 1951 to DCS, Hq USAF, concerning unidentified aircraft at Lubbock, Texas. Request A-2 forward by air mail as expeditiously as possible form 112 on subjects aerial phenomena. Mrs. Mary M. Baumhover, 29 possesses original negatives of photographs stated to have taken. In reply cite AFTAA-2A, Grudge.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

Lt J. W. Cummings
AFTAA-2A

UNCLASSIFIED
MURIAH S. STURGIS, Capt, USAF
Assistant General

- page 50 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document with text describing unidentified objects observed in flight over Lubbock, Texas in September 1951. The text provides details about the reported sightings and the investigative efforts by the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book.

Unclassified
28-0 
SUBJECT: Unidentified Objects in Flight over Lubbock, Texas

Stated that they are off the glow which could have been created from the lights of the city below. They crossed the sky from horizon to horizon in three seconds. The objects were to have been traveling at an estimated speed of approximately 1800 miles an hour, or at 50,000 feet of altitude. Their speed would have been 1800 miles an hour, or at 50,000 feet of altitude. He states they saw about three similar objects at the same time which had the same speed and altitude. According to Mr. ------ who observed the phenomena, that the color of the objects was similar to the planet Venus and that there were 50 or more of the strange objects. A second group of such objects numbered approximately three minutes later. One of these persons, a head of the Journalism Department at Texas Technological College, also reported this phenomenon prior to the observance of the similar flight of objects over Lubbock, Texas. On Monday, 27 August 1951, according to news sources, four additional witnesses verified the reports of these Professor Z and Professor Y.

Lubbock. On 30 August 1951, one roll of 616 film was exposed of what was purported to be the unidentified objects in flight over Lubbock, Texas. These photographs showed the unidentified objects as a double string of lights forming a V-shape, as described by the observers. A second photograph was made by Mr. ------, and shows the objects in a tighter formation, more vivid and pronounced. According to the information available, no other information was available as to exposure, type of camera, date, time, or other information. Negatives 2040 and 2237 hours, GST, 31 August 1951, similar objects were reportedly seen over Lubbock on 31 August 1951, according to newspaper clippings. Pictures from several of the witnesses were received by the editorial staff of a Lubbock newspaper and motion pictures of the daylight phenomena of the objects allege sightings of the strange objects were also apparently obtained, according to the clipping.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS, 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 51 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
24-0
SUBJECT: Unidentified Objects in Flight over Lubbock, Texas

7 September 1951

Mrs. ** at Meadow, Texas, wife of a rancher, has observed a "winged" type object pass over her house at low speed. This type object has allegedly passed within 150 feet of her automobile, then accelerated and was out of sight within a few minutes. Mrs. ** has reported this sighting to authorities and unidentified objects reported being seen enough to indicate that there may be some truth to the reports concerning the "winged" type objects.

ACTION: Attached for information of your Headquarters are newspaper clippings concerning this phenomenon, and no further action is being taken at this time. In accordance with provisions of AFOSI Regulation No. 205, dated 23 December 1950, copies of this report are being forwarded directly to Headquarters Air Material Command.

JAMES G. SCHIFIELD
Lt Colonel, USAF
District Commander

CC: Hq AMC

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
UNCLASSIFIED
3

- page 52 -

There does not appear to be a photograph or any images present in this document. The document appears to be an "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" from the U.S.A. regarding an unidentified object observed near Orange, Virginia on 30 September 1951.

UNCLASSIFIED 
COUNTRY U.S.A.   
SUBJECT APPROVED 1 JUNE 1946
REPORT NO. BR-11-51F
AREA OVER WHICH OBJECT WAS OBSERVED: NEAR ORANGE, VIRGINIA
DATE/TIME GROUP OBSERVED: 30 SEPTEMBER 1951
DATE OF INFORMATION: 30 SEPTEMBER 1951
DATE OF REPORT: 20 SEPTEMBER 1951
SUBMITTED BY: 2/Lt. CLIFFORD C. NORSE
SUMMARY: Three (3) high school boys observed a bright (20) foot object from a hill on the top of a range. The object was about eight (8) to ten (10) miles away over a small mountain / or about three (3) miles southeast of Orange, Virginia.

APPROVED:
BRUCE L. BARTDARODC
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DDD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 53 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

SUBJECT: (Unclassified) UNKNOWN SUBJECT
Unidentified Objects in Flight
Over Labodc, Texas
SPECIAL INQUIRY

TO: Commanding Officer
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: ATIC

Attached hereto for your information are two copies of the report of investigation by Special Agent HOWARD B. JOHNSON, dated 26 October 1951, subject as above.

2. This investigation is continuing, and subsequent reports will be furnished your headquarters upon receipt of same in this office.

3. Attention is invited to paragraph 7, AFR 205-1, dated 14 March 1949, which prohibits the disclosure of classified information to unauthorized personnel.

/s/ Reagan A. Scurlock
Reagan A. SCURLOCK
Lt Colonel, USAF
Acting District Commander

Copy to:
HQ OSI

When Enclosure No. 1 is withdrawn, the classification of this correspondence will be downgraded to Unclassified in accordance with par 5c, AFR 205-2.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DDD DIR 5200.10
515-155260

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 54 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document titled "Report of Investigation" regarding "unidentified objects in flight over Lubbock, Texas".

Text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE 
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

UNKNOWN SUBJECT: Unidentified Objects in Flight Over Lubbock, Texas

SPECIAL INQUIRY

SYNOPSIS: Spot Intelligence Report, DO #23, File 24-9, dated 7 September 1951.

Investigation prompted upon verbal request of Air Force Marshal and base intelligence officers, on 17 September 1951. Based upon report of numerous sightings of bright lights moving in formation over Lubbock, Texas, during first week of September 1951. Air Force Intelligence Command through Air Force District commander, advised detailed reports received concerning said events. Investigation concerning reportable unidentified objects sighted over Lubbock, Texas, during interval of 3 September 1951 to date, held DIC direction via JPPRS. Intelligence report, file 24-9, dated 7 September 1951, copies of which have been furnished Air Force District Commander.

DETAILS: On 21 August 1951, numerous citizens in Lubbock, Texas, observed a formation of 20 to 30 bright lights, approximately 2,000 feet in altitude, moving in a generally northerly direction at an estimated speed of 600 to 800 MPH. Object sighted for approximately 3 minutes. Visibility 15 miles, temperature 77 degrees, wind from the east at 5-10 MPH. Direction of flight was across the northern part of Lubbock, Texas, to a point approximately 5 miles north of Lubbock, Texas, where objects were lost from view. This incident was observed by several individuals including W.I. Odum, assistant professor of civil engineering, Texas Technological College, Lubbock, Texas; Mr. John W. MacKay, professor of biology, Texas Technological College, Lubbock, Texas; and Mr. W.L. Lewis, resident of Lubbock, Texas.

Further inquiries at Reese Air Force Base, Lubbock, Texas, indicate that no unusual aircraft activity was observed during evening of 21 August 1951. Residents in area north of Lubbock, Texas, interviewed, stated they observed a similar formation on the evening of 25 August 1951, at approximately 9:30 p.m. Visibility estimates, descriptions, and direction of flight same as on 21 August 1951.

Additional observations were made on 30 August 1951, at approximately 9:00 p.m. on objects similar to those seen on 21 and 25 August 1951. Objects were observed until approximately 9:30 p.m. Several photographs and motion pictures were obtained by residents of Lubbock, Texas, and forwarded to Air Force District Commander for evaluation. Negatives and photographs were obtained by AFOSI and forwarded to Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, for evaluation.

DISTRIBUTION:
1 - HQ USAF (AFOIN-2a)
1 - HQ USAF (AFNDC-2)
1 - ATIC
1 - Fifth Air Force (Info)
1 - File

- page 55 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Synopsis (Continued)
Photographs were obtained by SAC, Orange, Virginia (3/7/51). Photographic data pertaining to case was forwarded to OSI, United States Air Force, Andrews Field, Maryland, reflecting that at 0230 hours, 3/7/51, weather was extremely calm, temperature 40 degrees F, visibility 20 miles, wind speed approximately 5 mph southwest, there were 75 objects observed and photographed in the air 10 miles southeast of Lubbock, Texas, reflecting a controlled flight pattern - approximate diameter 40 feet, elevation 1500 to 2000 feet. The objects first appeared at 2030 hours on 3/6/51 and disappeared at 2345 hours on 3/6/51. Technical data pertaining to details of this photographic data is contained in OSI file.

DOWNGRADED AT 3-YEAR INTERVALS. 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 56 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document, which is an investigation report about unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED
DETAILS:
1. Investigation predicated upon verbal request from Air Provost Marshall, based on receipt of classified TIY from Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, ATTN: Director of Intelligence, Lt Col Robert G. Chilton, dated 17 September 1951, based upon receipt of classified TVX from Commanding General, AID., reviewed by Commanding General, Air Force Intelligence, Maj Gen Cabell, Director of Intelligence, dated 21 September 1951.
2. Verbal information from District Commander, 2nd Air Division, Barksdale AFB, Louisiana, re District No. 2, reporting 6 observed unidentified air objects on 7 September 1951 over Lovingston, Virginia, which cannot be identified as conventional or known type aircraft.
3. No physical evidence or recovered material is available for examination by this Command. The incidents were previously reported to Headquarters, Tactical Air Command and some additional data gathered by 363rd Reconnaissance Wing, Tactical Air Command, Langley AFB, Virginia, subject to further investigation.
AT BIGGS AFB, TEXAS
1. 2nd Lt John A. Thompson, United States Air Force, Asst Wing Intelligence Officer, reported the unidentified air objects were observed during routine flight activity and maneuvered in such a manner as to cause considerable alarm to the pilots. No further identifiable details or data collected. No radar track or physical evidence obtained.
AT LUBBOCK, TEXAS
1. On 17 September 1951, the writer accompanied by FARLEY met with the director of the Slaughterhouse Journal, Lubbock, Texas, D.C. CHARLES GUY, who, without any examination of the witnesses, declined to assist in obtaining available copies of the newspaper accounts containing the report. Copies of the newspaper not available were photographed in privacy.
AT REESE AFB, TEXAS
1. Due to the classified nature of REESE and the time classification RECD and the time R&D and the time-classification RECD and the time-classification assigned to this report, all of the newspaper items which were photographed, developed and printed in connection with this case are in latest order of publishing, as the copies herewith have been edited in latest order of publication, as the copies herewith have been edited as a part of this report.
AT MCADUOR, TEXAS
1. The sighting of an unidentified aerial object over U.S. Highway 82 approximately 4 miles east on Lubbock, Texas was reported to the local authorities on 31 August 1951.
UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3-YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AT 12-YEAR INTERVALS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 57 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
by a Mrs. who resides on a small ranch five miles north of 
Orange, Virginia. The sighting occurred on 26 September 1951, and was reported in
the Lubbock Morning Avalanche (23 September 1951) under the caption 'Sighting 
heading of 13 August 1951....
5. At 19.25 hours, 18 September 1951, accompanied by Lt FARLEY,
the writer interviewed Mrs. a housewife, aged 60, who stated that at approximately
19.20 hours on 26 September 1951, as she was tending her garden, she observed
an object traversing the sky in a northwesterly direction. The object was described as
being aluminum in color, seemed to be round in shape, with no protrusions, and made
no noise. It was traveling at a high rate of speed, estimated to be in excess of 1000
miles per hour. The object seemed to be of the size of a medium sized automobile tire
when viewed through binoculars. As it approached a point about five miles north of
Waxahachie, Texas, on Highway 77, the witness observed that the object appeared to
slow down gradually, and was drifting from side to side as it descended at a shallow
angle. It then made a rather abrupt turn to the left, or west, and proceeded to come to a
stop in midair. After hovering for a short time, the object reversed its course and began
to ascend rapidly. It then made another turn and was lost from sight in a westerly
direction. The entire operation from the time of first observation to its disappearance 
took approximately 60 seconds.
The object was described by the witness as being pear shaped in appearance (like a goose shaped torpedo) illuminous or luminous in appearance,
silver in color, and that the object seemed to reflect the sunlight. The witness 
pointed out that there was a light area or light source on the rear portion of the object 
which seemed to pulsate or flare occasionally. The object did not estimate the speed 
of the object except that it was very rapid. She did not see any wings, fins,
or other protruding parts. The object only a few seconds to pass through the sky, and it
disappeared from sight in a westerly direction.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 58 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Claimant: Mrs. Furnish has stated her daughter has since returned to Lawton, and furnished the full name and address as follows:

Mrs. Furnish furnished the following information concerning her:

Name: Mrs.
Dob: 1895 at Old Port 3311, Oklahoma
Age: 59 years
Residence: 5 miles north of Eldorado, Texas on Highway 70) has lived for 55 years at Eldorado, Texas
Marital Status: Married, housewife
Husband: 

An examination of the location described by Mrs. shows it is approximately 70 miles east of Eldorado, Texas. The dwelling is a typical ranch type residence, is located approximately 22 miles E of Marfa, 12 miles S. of Alpine, Texas and approximately 20 to 30 miles, sparsely wooded, and the dirt road leading to the house is approximately 1.000 to 1500 yards in length. The entire report indicates a total overall height of 170 feet and a diameter of approximately 50 feet.

A. Detailed inquiry of Mr. RICHARDS, Vice-President and Cashier for 22 years of the Eldorado State Bank, disclosed that both he and Mrs. are reputable citizens and have an excellent character.

9. Observation of Mrs. shows a mature white female in her middle fifties, educated and courteous. She is in full possession of all her mental faculties and gives an impression of sincerity and cooperation.

10. Texas A&M, Texas weather observation for 1230 hours, 31 August 1951, was as follows: Estimated ceiling 6000 feet, broken clouds, thin broken clouds. Visibility 15 miles. Temperature 87 degrees. Wind from the SE at 5 knots.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 59 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

The 1230 hours observation at Children's, Texas shows:
Saw, and sighted, 25,000 feet, overhead, visibility 15 miles, plus-red, color, one object, 20 degrees, wind from northwest/southwest 25 knots per hour, hovering, cumulus in the northwest quadrant.

AT LUBBOCK, TEXAS
The following of unidentified objects, the subsequent pictures taken of these objects is formation at Lubbock, Texas, taken by Photographer Lubbock, Texas, a college newspaper, appeared in the morning Avalanche newspaper of 1 September 1951. (See Inclosure No. 3)
12 August 1951, 2030 hours, 20 September 1951: at his residence by the writer and his wife, 2230 hours (est) he was lying in bed watching the stars and noticed a bright light that appeared to be stationary over the house. Going to a window he secured his camera, a 35 mm Kodak equipped with a sense rangefinder, and exposed 4 frames (frames 1-4) through the window, about 2130 hours. Frames 1-4 of these pictures, included as Inclosures No. 7 and 8, produced pictures, at about 2330 hours, the formation observed over the house suddenly broke up and disappeared into the darkness. Other pictures (6) were taken but yielded no images. The frames 1-4 show objects or objects identical to those in the previous pictures, inclosed herewith as Inclosure No. 9 and 10.
The unusual phenomenon to describe the first three (3) objects farthest to the right as greater in height and passed from sight within a space of from three (3) to ten (10) seconds.

GRETI'S HOTEL: "The view in the back yard is restricted, a line of trees obstructing vision to the north and the house preventing view to the south."
It could not be ascertained, but stated that all former citizens looked at the objects and said that they were approximately the same high altitude. The objects had a brilliancy like a single shining light. But did not flicker.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS;
NOT AUTO-DECLASSIFIED

- page 60 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

UNCLASSIFIED

(Investigation #8) shows a single line. The 35 MM negatives furnished by the observer were badly scratched and extreme care was taken in the enlarging process. According to the INTELLIGENCE OFFICER, 1st Lt JOHN PAYTER, for inclusion in his report on an unidentified flying object observed near ORANGE, VA, on 7 September 1951.

1. According to the information on the photographs, the objects in the formation kept shifting positions and the number of objects varied from four to six. There was no noticeable sound and no exhaust or jet trail. The objects appeared to be an extremely rapid rate of speed in a southward direction.

2. The observer stated that the weather was clear with very little wind. The altitude was in excess of 30,000 feet, fully above the normal glider altitude. The temperature was 78 degrees, dew point 56 degrees, with wind from the southeast at 20 KTS.

3. The observer stated that on 7 September 1951, he saw two more formations appear at 1230 hours, with about a two minute interval between the formations, but did not get any photographs. The message was identical except that the objects seemed to be at much greater altitude and although the formations kept shifting, the same outline (silhouette) was maintained. Each group looked to be a single line formation.

17. The Subchapter, Texas weather observation at 2330 hours, 7 September 1951, was clear, visibility 15 miles, temperature 77 degrees, wind from the southeast at 22 KTS.

18. The photographic examination was checked by the writer, and information was obtained relative to the photographs taken on 30 August 1951.

Date: Thursday, 30 August 1951
Time: 1130 PM (CDT) 2330 and 2332 hours
Camera: Kodak, 35 MM with range finder (Model number not shown)
Lens: F:2.8 Lens focus range 3 feet to infinity
Lens: Kodak Anastigmat f/3.5, 50 MM
Shutter: 1/500 and 1/250 secs, at f.8
Exposure: Eastman Plus-X 1250' Roll #777
Film: Roll #111. Hazy Rubber, Glassine envelope and Film
Developing: 13 minutes
Washing solution: 30'F
Hypo: Ammoniated F.333 33
Paper: Kromide F-1 Single Edge

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 61 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text only.

UNCLASSIFIED
19. Description of _____:
Full Name: ___________
Address: _____________, Lubbock, Texas
Nationality: United States
Race: White
Age: 18
Occupation: Student
Birth: 26 March 1933, at Lubbock, Texas
Teacher: Texas Technological College
Mother: Mrs. _____________
Occupation: / Student / Technician at Texas Technological College.
Height: 5' 11" 
Weight: 155 lbs.
Eyes: Blue
Hair: Blond
Complexion: Fair, crew cut style
Build: Medium slender
Marks or Scars: None visible
20. Two photographs were taken of ___ at his residence using an American 75 mm. camera, on 12 April 1951. Featured as 75-1 and 75-2. Included as an inclosure.
21. _______ was observed by the writer to be a very intelligent young man, very interested in photography, which is a hobby. He seemed sincere in his efforts to cooperate with the Chief of this activity.
22. Information obtained in this investigation was reported direct to Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, and was conducted by the Lt. Col. A. FARLEY, Assistant Wing Intelligence Officer.
1. Photograph, two articles on unidentified objects. Lubbock, Texas
2. Avalanche Journal, 28 August 1951 (trip)
3. Avalanche Journal, 29 August 1951 (trip)

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 62 -

There appears to be no photograph present in this image. The image shows a document with text that appears to be related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

1. Photocet: news article on unidentified objects, Lubbock, Texas morning Avalanche: 2 September 1951 (trip)
2. Photocet: news article on unidentified objects, Lubbock, Texas morning Avalanche: 1 September 1951 (trip)
3. Photocet: news article on unidentified objects, Lubbock, Texas Avalanche-Journal, Sunday, 2 September 1951 (trip)
4. Photocet: news article on unidentified objects, Lubbock, Texas morning Avalanche: 6 September 1951 (trip)
7. Print of photograph taken by                            (trip)
8. Print of photograph taken by                            (trip)
9. Print of photograph taken by                            (trip)
10. Print of photograph taken by                           (trip)
11. Photograph of                                           (trip)
12. Photograph of                                           (trip)

FOR COMMANDING GENERAL, AIR MATERIAL COMMAND, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB
12 inclosures as listed above, one copy each.

FOR DISTRICT OFFICE NO. 23, CANIC
Inclosures 1 through 12 as listed above.

11. Negative of photograph of                                
12. Negative of photograph of                                
13. Seven negatives of newspaper items. (Reference inclosures 1 through 6 as listed above.)

PENDING

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 63 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" dated 9-11-51.

The text in the document is as follows:

"The following is a copy of the statement made by the three boys.

"Woodberry Forest School
Oct. 1, 1951

I. It was clearly, object was circular, whether like a plate or like a ball, sometimes circular, sometimes oval, sometimes horizontal, sometimes vertical, could not always make out the details encased by a blue haze or mist, when it moved the haze trailed behind.

II. It gave off a bright glow and seemed to travel at a high speed, a short distance suddenly when it did stop, at times became very hard to see, although one could see a person would have heard even pistol-trained plane at the distance it seemed to be free up. It could have flown so fast in answer to the speed at which it traveled. 

III. From the top of the 50 ft. silo on which we were standing it seemed to be about 8 to 10 miles away. (About 5 miles southwest of Orange, Va). It appeared to be a luminous orange object or several objects 3 or 4 feet in diameter in an area of about 1/4 square.

The three who saw it were 15 years old. We are telling only what we are sure we are, and what we have written above is exactly what saw."

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

CLIFFORD C. STONE
Capt., USAF
Intelligence Duty Officer"

- page 64 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document containing text, likely from a historical UFO report.

Here is the output of the OCR (optical character recognition) of the text in the document:

BY TECH GR^
Strange Okts
Seen Over City
MYSTERIOUS objects-two
moving lights-were sighted by three Luray faculty members
over Luray, Va., on a Saturday
night back in 1951.
According to the time instead of being spotted by a casual observer, the objects were
watched by three tech' calculus
professors, trained in scientific
observation.
The first group of objects
were seen by the three professors, who were members of the
faculty, over Luray Saturday
night, according to a report in
the Virginia Aeronautics administration office at Langley Field.
The group of objects was
sighted at 10;30 p.m., and one
of the professors, Ducker, said,
"They were so bright you could
read a newspaper by them."
Dr. A. G. Church, associate
professor of economics, and Dr.
Halbert L,. Robinson, professor of
economics and technology, told
about the incident at a Phi Beta
Kappa meeting at Danville, Va.,
recently.
Ducker, speaking for the
group, said the objects appeared
as "pinpoints of light" and were
moving in a crescent formation
from the southwest to the
northeast at a "tremendous"
speed.
The individual objects
which made up the formation,
Ducker said, gave off a glow, apparently reflecting light, possibly
from the moon.
The three tech professors
were unable to get a time estimate on the speed of the objects,
but Ducker said, each calculated the speed to be "nearly
twice the speed of sound."
Other calculation showed
that the formation was traveling
at a speed approximating 18,000
miles an hour.
The objects, Ducker said,
were estimated to be at an altitude of approximately 1,000 feet.
They also estimated from
the apparent size of the objects,
that if they were flying at 18,000
feet, they would have been approximately 1,000 feet in
diameter.
"We felt no shock waves
such as an object traveling at
such a tremendous speed would
lower atmosphere would," Ducker
said, "and the objects did not
seem to indicate anything in the
way of propulsion mechanism or
exhaust. Calculations showed tne
objects to be traveling at an
altitude of 50,000 feet or higher,"
he said. "So unless the group was
insane, we have an object about
a mile in diameter, silently scanning the skies for meteors perhaps dissipating or scattering
and blowing up when Ducker
happened to spot the approaching object.
"Because of the speed involved, it is almost impossible to
get an accurate estimate of Group
Ducker said the second
group, containing three individual
objects, appeared to be traveling
at approximately the same speed
with the bulge toward the line of
flight some 15 minutes later, and
the three men an opportunity to
observe them for several minutes.
"We've no idea what they
were, but we know they were
there, and the experience
convincing," witnesses told
final sure that whatever
saw, it was not of terrestrial
origin, and even more
incredible to believe they are from
beyond the earth," Ducker said.

- page 65 -

This image does not contain any photograph. The image is a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document detailing a UFO sighting report.

Lubbock, Texas
Avalanche
26 August 1951

Four Others Here
See Sky Objects
Operations "Bends" was confirmed Monday by four additional persons who saw the same suspicious flight, racing through Lubbock skies Saturday night that was witnessed and previously reported by three members of the Texas Tech faculty.

The Techsans said they saw what appeared to be a group of objects in a semi-circular formation "like a string of beads" flying overhead at "incredible" speed.

Monday, four new witnesses said they saw the same thing at the same time - 8:10 p.m. Saturday. They were Mrs. Earl Medlock of 1912 Ave. N, Mrs. R. A. Rogers of 1916 Ave. N, and Mrs. F. A. Rogers of the same address, and Prof. Carl Heilinger, 2911 Eighth, associate professor of German.

- page 66 -

The image appears to contain a newspaper article with the headline "Flying 'Whatsits' Seen Again". There is a photograph in the top left corner, which seems to depict a cluster of unidentified flying objects. The article discusses multiple sightings of strange objects in the Lubbock, Texas area on September 5, 1951.

Here is the full text from the document, transcribed as requested:

MYSTERIOUS OBJECTS IN LUBBOCK SKY
- AS PHOTOGRAPHED BY CARL HART JR. OF LUBBOCK 
- THOUSANDS OF LUBBOCK RESIDENTS HAVE SEEN STRANGE OBJECTS FLOATING ACROSS SKY ON CERTAIN NIGHTS
FLYING 'WHATSITS' SEEN AGAIN
BY KENNETH RAY
THE STRANGE PHENOMENA in the skies over Lubbock, Texas, which have been the talk of that area for weeks, have appeared again, bringing further mystery to the strange situation.
Dozens of Lubbock residents reported seeing the objects again on Monday night shortly after dark. Some of the observers said they were the same type of strange formations as seen previously, while others declared the objects appeared to be entirely different and much more brilliant.
The latest sightings came just a week after the Texas Tech student photographer, Carl Hart Jr., had taken a number of photographs of the strange objects.
The objects, whatever they are, have been variously described as "flying saucers," "flying discs," "whatsits," and "flying eggs." They appear to be some form of luminous or fluorescent objects which float across the sky in formation.
The objects were first reported to public attention on Sept. 5 after being seen by Texas Tech students and verified by local citizens. Since that date, thousands of persons have witnessed the strange phenomena on recurring occasions each Monday and Thursday nights.
The latest sightings on Monday night were reported to police and sheriff's officers by scores of citizens. Several persons said they watched the objects through binoculars and telescopes and were convinced the formations were not airplanes, balloons or other known objects.

Strange Objects
LUBBOCK, TEXAS. Morning Avalanche Sept. 5, 1951.
"Objects appearing in the sky above Lubbock at intervals throughout the night of Sept. 5 were described by dozens of witnesses as 'flying saucers' or 'flying eggs,' according to reports received at The Avalanche offices.
The objects, which were visible for periods of 10 to 15 minutes, were sighted first about 9:15 p.m. and again during the early hours of the morning, the last observation being made around 5 a.m.
Witnesses stated the objects appeared to be luminous or fluorescent in nature, with a glowing, reddish-orange color, and moved in an easterly direction across the sky in formation, changing positions relative to one another.
All reports indicated the objects were at an estimated altitude of 5,000 to 10,000 feet and moved silently, with no visible means of propulsion. Observers also agreed the objects were circular or egg-shaped in form, and appeared to be approximately the size of a dinner plate or slightly larger when viewed from the ground.
Citizens who viewed the objects through binoculars and telescopes declared they were convinced the objects were not airplanes, balloons, or other known types of aerial phenomena. Several persons attempted to photograph the objects, but were unsuccessful owing to the poor lighting conditions and the high speed at which the objects moved. 
The objects were seen by dozens of residents, including Texas Tech students, who expressed bewilderment at the strange sightings. No satisfactory explanation for the phenomena has yet been given by military or scientific authorities."

- page 67 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the report titled "Strange Aircraft Seen At Matador".

The text of the document is as follows:

STRANGE AIRCRAFT
SEEN AT MATADOR

MATADOR, AUG. 31.-(Special)-A noiseless aircraft, flying at a low altitude with no visible propellors or wings," was reported seen early this afternoon by two Matador district women and a 5-year-old child.

Mrs. Torn Tilson, her daughter Mrs. M. C. Bethard and little Nollene Bethard said they were driving on a highway about one-half miles north of here about 12:45 p. m. when the wingless craft passed 150 feet in front of the car.

The slow-moving machine, "shaped somewhat like a helicopter," began circling as Mrs. Bethard stopped the car. As she stepped on the gas, the craft gained speed and "was out of sight within a few minutes."

The women were near enough to spot one door, or porthole, in the side of the gleaming metal, they said.

When first seen, it was moving at the rate of a commercial airliner taking off, they said. It had no exhaust showing.

Mrs. Bethard, whose husband sailed for Korea recently, has lived near several Air Force bases, and reported the machine she saw today was different from any she had seen before.

- page 68 -

The image contains a photograph of multiple bright objects in the sky. The image appears to be part of a newspaper or magazine article, with the headline "Opinion Divided Over Reports Of Objects Seen In Lubbock Skies" and an article discussing the divided opinions on reported UFO sightings in Lubbock, Texas.

DC. 23, Case No. 24-684
Lubbock, Texas
Avalanche Journal
Sunday 2 Sept. 1951

SOME IDENTIFIED AS FIREB

Opinion Divided Over Reports Of 
Objects Seen In Lubbock Skies

The reports of unidentified flying objects seen over Lubbock during the past week have divided public opinion. Some say they were fireballs, others that they were guided missiles or aircraft, while still others insist they were true "flying saucers."

The sightings began late Monday night when several persons reported seeing a formation of bright lights moving rapidly across the sky. The reports continued through Tuesday and Wednesday nights, with some witnesses claiming they saw as many as 40 or 50 of the objects. 

However, the United States Weather Bureau said that no weather balloons or other instruments were released over Lubbock Monday or Tuesday nights. Some observers said the objects appeared to be controlled and maneuverable.

Opinion Divided
Opinions appear to be about evenly divided as to the nature of the objects. Some say they were merely reflections of automobile lights or other ordinary phenomena. Others insist that they were genuinely unidentified flying objects, possibly guided missiles or aircraft.

- page 69 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing text and illustrations.

SECRET CRAFT OR DUCKS -- THEY KEEP OBSERVERS GUESSING
'Flying Whatsits' Stir Dispute In Area

The text describes a dispute over "flying whatsits" that have been observed in the Lubbock, Texas area. It mentions that residents have reported seeing mysterious objects, and that Lubbock doesn't have a monopoly on the "illuminated 'things'" which jumped into prominence when Texas Tech faculty members sighted a string of lights traveling across the horizon. The article also mentions Big Springs, Brownfield, and other nearby towns where similar sightings have been reported. The text includes some speculation about the altitude and nature of the observed objects.

- page 70 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper article or report titled "Mystery Objects". As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the full text of the document:

Mystery Objects
Unusual lights and objects sighted in the sky have been reported from various parts of the country in recent days. Here are some of the latest reports:

Orange, Va. - Mrs. Sam Patteson, wife of a Rapiden merchant, reported that she and members of her family observed a strange object in the sky for about 10 minutes on the evening of Sept. 7. She said the object appeared to be circular in shape and gave off an intense white light which illuminated the entire countryside below. The object moved slowly at first, then accelerated rapidly and disappeared from view, she said.

Mrs. Patteson said her family was "very much frightened" by the strange sight. She added that when the object first appeared it was flying at a high altitude, but as it neared their home it dropped to an altitude of about 1,000 feet.

Other persons in the Orange area also reported seeing the strange light, according to Mrs. Patteson. 

Similar reports have come from other sections of Virginia and neighboring states in recent weeks. Air Force officials have said they are investigating the various sightings.

- page 71 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text written on the image states "This Case Includes Four (4) 3 1/2" x 4 1/2" photos and two (2) 2 1/2" x 2 1/2" photos."

This case includes:
Four (4) 3 1/2" x 4 1/2" photos
and two (2) 2 1/2" x 2 1/2" photos.

- page 72 -

The image appears to be a photograph or image from a document. The image shows an array of small, bright objects in the night sky. There does not appear to be any human faces or identifying information about individuals in the image.

DO # 23 CASE NO. 24 - 84
UNKNOWN SUBJECTS
Unidentified Objects in Flight over
Lubbock, Texas
INCL # 7

- page 73 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather shows a black and white image of an unidentified object observed in the sky over Lubbock, Texas. The image is labeled "Incl # 8" and is part of a Project Blue Book case file.

DO # 23
Case No. 24-54
UNKNOWN SUBJECTS
Identified objects in flight over Lubbock, Texas

- page 74 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book status report.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

EXTRACT FROM STATUS REPORT # 1
DATE: 30 Sept 51
TIME (Local): 1500
LOCATION: Orange, Va.
LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED: Unknown
SOUND: None
SPEED: Low
ATTITUDES: Unknown
HEADED: Varied
SOURCE: Letter from four teenage boys.
ACTION OR COMMENTS: No investigation
DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT: Circular object which was surrounded by a reddish haze.

- page 75 -

The image appears to show a black and white photograph depicting unidentified objects in flight over Lubbock, Texas. The photograph is grainy and low quality, making it difficult to discern the precise details of the objects. However, the image clearly shows several small, bright objects in the sky.

DO # 23
Case No. 24-54
UNKNOWN SUBJECTS
Unidentified Objects in Flight over 
Lubbock, Texas

Incl # 9

- page 76 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of some unidentified objects in flight over a landscape. The photograph is black and white and shows several small, indistinct shapes moving across the sky.

DO # 23 Case No. 24 - 24
UNIDENTIFIED SUBJECTS
Unidentified Objects in Flight over
Amherst, Penna.

Incl. # 10

- page 77 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of an unidentified object in flight over Dabbeek, Texas. The text at the top of the image indicates that this is from a case file for "Unidentified Objects in Flight over Dabbeek, Texas", with the case number 24-834.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

DO # 23  Case No. 24-834

UNKNOWN SUBJECTS
Unidentified Objects in Flight over
Dabbeek, Texas

Photo of 

Incl # 11

- page 78 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified object in flight over Lubbock, Texas. The image is grainy and does not provide clear details, but it appears to show a mysterious object in the sky. Since the image contains a human face, I will not identify or name any individuals shown.

DO 2 23 Case No. 24-84
UNKNOWN SUBJECTS
Unidentified Objects in Flight over
Lubbock, Texas

Photo of [redacted]

Incl. # 12

- page 79 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, specifically a Lubbock, Texas trip report dated 6-9 November 1951.

Lubbock, Texas Trip Report
6-9 November 1951

On 6-9 November 1951, Lt. R. J. Ruppelt made a trip to Lubbock, Texas, in regard to a series of sightings of unidentified objects. The following contacts were made:
1. Mr. Charles Guy, Publisher of Lubbock Avalanche
2. Mr. Carl T. Jones, Texas Technical College Photographer
3. Mr. Jay Harris, Newspaper Editor
4. Trip to Brownfield, Texas
5. Trip to Idalou Game Warden
6. Meeting with Texas Tech Professors

A more complete covering could have been made if air transportation could have been obtained.

No effort was made to interrogate sources in regard to the Matador Tech incident because of lack of time.

Details of Interrogation
[This section is left blank in the provided image.]

- page 80 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document, possibly part of a Project Blue Book report, describing a conversation between a Mr. Charles Guy, publisher of the Lubbock Avalanche, and a Mr. [redacted], accompanied by Mrs. [redacted] of the Reese AFB Detachment of the OSI, on November 7, 1951. The document lists several newspaper reporters and editors who may have additional information related to the incident.

OCR Output:
1. Mr. Charles Guy, Publisher of the Lubbock Avalanche
Lt Ruppelt, accompanied by Mrs. [redacted] of the Reese AFB Detachment of the OSI, met Mr. [redacted] on the morning of 7 November 1951. Mr. [redacted] was very helpful in confirming all the information given in the newspaper articles, enclosures to OSI report.
However, he was not directly connected with the stories so he suggested Mr. Jay Harring, Managing Editor of the Lubbock Morning Avalanche, be contacted. He arranged this contact for the evening of 7 November.
He also gave the following names of newspaper people in towns adjacent to Lubbock who might be able to furnish some additional information.
a. Lamesa, Texas, Reporter Bill Ray
b. Big Spring, Texas, The Herald, Editor Bill Whipkey
c. Brownfield, Texas, Brownfield News, Editor Jerry Stoltz

- page 81 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report describing a meeting between various individuals from the military and academia regarding unidentified aerial objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

2. Prof. Head of Petroleum Engineering
Department of Texas Technical College

On the afternoon of 7 November 1951, Lt Ruppelt of ATIC, Capt Parker, and Lt Farley of Wing Intelligence, Reese AFB, visited Prof. at his office at Texas Tech.
The matter of the unidentified aerial objects were discussed for about an hour. Prof. offered to arrange an evening meeting of several college professors who had observed the phenomena. The meeting was arranged for the evening of 8 November at 1930 at the home of Dr. 
No details of the interview with Prof. will be given as they are all covered in the report of the meeting on the evening of 8 November at Dr. .

- page 82 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document. The document discusses an interview with a witness, Mr. [redacted], who was interviewed on the evening of November 7, 1951 by Lt. Ruppelt and Mr. H. N. Bossart of the Reese AFB OSI detachment. The purpose of the visit was to obtain data on the photos taken by Mr. [redacted] and to attempt to determine the authenticity of the photos. Mr. [redacted] was again questioned as to the events leading up to taking the photos and how he took them. His story was identical to that given in the OSI report.

Further details are provided, including that Mr. [redacted] had experience in taking pictures at night and had experimented with star shots. He realized that he would have to give the objects as much light as possible, so he responded with a 1/10 of a second, the "fastest" combination for a Kodak 35. The object appeared at about 90 degrees from the horizontal, and the direction was NNE. The objects went a little to his right and disappeared at about 30 degrees from the horizontal at SSE. This gives an arc of very close to 120 degrees that the object followed as it was captured by his camera.

The interrogating officer, Lt. Ruppelt, has been an amateur photographer for 14 years and all the data and procedures given by Mr. [redacted] were accurate and very logical. No progress was made in attempting to determine whether or not the photos were authentic.

- page 83 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document that discusses a UFO sighting report.

The text in the document says:

were faked story could not be "picked apart" because it was entirely logical. He was questioned on why he did certain things and his answers were all logical, and without hesitation. He was visibly nervous but this could be due to the fact that he knew Mr. Bessarret was from OSI and Lt Ruppelt from W-P AFB. This nervousness at no time caused him to falter in his story.

stated that the object appeared to be about brighter than the brightest star in the sky. He compared it to Venus in the early evening.

Additional info in the interview with the newspaper people and college professors.

- page 84 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. The text describes an interview with Mr. Jay Harris, the Managing Editor of the Lubbock Morning Avalanche newspaper, regarding an incident where a professor at Texas Tech College reported seeing an aerial phenomenon on September 25, 1951.

Here is the text as extracted by the OCR system:

4. Mr. Jay Harris, Managing Editor of the Lubbock Morning Avalanche and William Hams, Photographer

Mr. Bessent of the RAAF Detachment and Lt Ruppelt interviewed the Managing Editor of the Lubbock Morning Avalanche, Mr. Harris, on the evening of 7 November 1951

Mr. Harris gave the following information before the interrogation began:

On the evening of 25 September 1951, he was at the news desk of the paper when a Prof. called him on the phone and reported he had just seen an aerial phenomena that would be worth a story. He continued to tell about the "string of beads" that he and two other college professors had seen in the sky. Harris at first was not interested, then said he felt it was important and that by running the story they might be able to contact others who had seen the phenomena. Harris said o.k. if he could use the professors' names. said he wasn't sure about this and ended the conversation.

A few minutes later he called again and said that it would be o.k. to use his name and the names of Profs. and who were with him at the time and also saw it. It would first, however, have to be o.k.'d by the college public relations people. This was done and the story was printed on 26 August 1951.

No further reports came in until a few days later. 

On 31 August 1951, a photographer who does work for the paper and is highly regarded by Mr. called and said a young man (Mr. had just developed some negatives in his studio and he thought the paper might be interested in them. They advised to bring them over which he did. Mr. and his head photographer, Mr. looked them over and were dubious.

- page 85 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a cover page or title page for a document or report titled "LUBBOCK, TX".

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASHVSASHAF-A
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112
1003329
LUBBOCK, TX

- page 86 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, detailing an investigation into a potential UFO hoax.

------------------------------------------------------

About using them because of the possibility of a hoax. They examined the negatives very carefully however, and decided to use them. Mr. Harris then called [REDACTED] on the phone and again asked them if it were a hoax which he denied. Harris then in his approximate words "raised hell with him" and told him all the consequences if it were a hoax. He threatened to "run him out of town" if it were. This did not phase [REDACTED] and his only reply was that the pictures were of something flying over Lubbock and that they were afraid to use them o.k. He didn't care. As far as payment was concerned anything would be all right. (He finally received $7.50 - $10.00 for them.) Prior to this, [REDACTED] had taken a few photos for the paper and was regarded as an honest conscientious person trying to pick up a little extra money on photos. He was not obnoxious as a lot of amateurs are, always trying to sell photos, but would occasionally take a good photo and attempt to sell it.

It was then decided by Mr. Harris to put the photos "on the wire service" with a story. [REDACTED] was called in on this discussion and again "read the riot act" on any possible fraud. This time it was stronger because the photo was going out all over the U.S. Again he struck to his story, and the photo went out. The negatives were sent to AP in Ft. Worth to be checked. Life Magazine also looked at the photos but rejected them as they claimed to have many photos of "flying saucers". The photos and story went out on the wire service. It is unknown which papers used it but some did.

At this point in the interview Mr. Hams, head photographer and Asst. Managing Editor, was called in and gave this information. When the story of V-shaped lights came out some people immediately branded them as ducks or some type of migratory fowl. Later when [REDACTED] photos were printed, the argument as to whether they were ducks or "flying saucers" came out.

- page 87 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which describes an incident where a man named Mr. Hams attempted to photograph birds flying over the Lubbock Avalanche Building in Lubbock, Texas.

Text from the document:

OF NOT THEY WERE MIGRATORY FOWL CAME UP. MR. HAMS DECIDED TO TRY TO GET A PICTURE HIMSELF SO HE STATIONED HIMSELF ON TOP OF THE LUBBOCK AVALANCHE BUILDING WITH A 4 X 5 SPEED GRAPHIC LOADED WITH A TUNGSTEN ASA 80 FILM AND A GE #22 FLASHBULB IN A CONCENTRATING REFLECTOR. HE NORMALLY USES THIS SAME EQUIPMENT TO PHOTOGRAPH NIGHT FOOTBALL GAMES. HE CAN GET A NORMAL EXPOSURE BY SHOOTING F 16, AT 1/100 OF A SECOND AND DEVELOPING TWICE THE NORMAL TIME IN DK-60 A DEVELOPER. THIS NIGHT HE SAT ON THE ROOF AND HAD HIS CAMERA SET AT F 4.7 AT 1/10 OF A SECOND. HE WAITED SOME TIME AND A FLOCK OF SOME TYPE OF BIRDS FLEW OVER. THEY WERE VISIBLE IN THE LIGHT OF THE SODIUM VAPOR STREET LIGHTS USED IN LUBBOCK. HE SHOT AS THE FLOCK WAS OVERHEAD. HE ALSO STATED THAT HE KNEW THEY WERE BIRDS BEFORE HE TOOK THE PICTURE BECAUSE HE COULD SEE THEM DIANLY OUTLINED. THEY WERE IN A V-FORMATION AND SILENT, WHICH IS UNUSUAL FOR DUCKS OR GEESE, IF THEY WERE DUCKS OR GEESE. HE DEVELOPED HIS NEGATIVES AND FOUND THE IMAGE SO WEAK HE COULD NOT PRINT THEM. ON THE NEXT NIGHT HE ATTEMPTED THE SAME THING USING A KODAK REFLEX AT F 3.5 AT 1/10 WITH SUPER XX FILM, A #22 BULB AND THE CONCENTRATING REFLECTOR; THE RESULTS WERE THE SAME. MR. HAMS ASSUMED THAT WITH HIS EXPERIENCE HE SHOULD KNOW THAT HE WAS IN A POSITION IN THE CITY TO SEE A MAXIMUM OF LIGHT ON ANY BIRDS FLYING OVER HIM. FROM THIS, HE IS CONVINCED THAT WHATEVER HE TOOK A PICTURE OF WAS MANY TIMES AS BRIGHT AS THE BIRDS HE UNSUCCESSFULLY ATTEMPTED TO PHOTOGRAPH.
MR. HAMS ADDED THAT SOME TIME BACK HE HAD ATTEMPTED TO PHOTOGRAPH AN ECLIPSE OF THE MOON. HE RAN INTO DIFFICULTY GETTING ENOUGH EXPOSURE, FURTHER INDICATING THAT THE SHOTS WERE OF A BRIGHT OBJECT. (THIS WAS LATER DISAPPROVED BY TAKING PHOTOS OF THE MOON. IT IS POSSIBLE HIS STATEMENT WAS MISINTERPRETED.)
MR. HARRIS IMPRESSED THE INTERVIEWERS AS A TYPICAL NEWSPAPER EDITOR. HE MADE IT VERY PLAIN THAT HE WAS NOT ONE TO HAVE SOMEONE USE HIS PAPER TO PERPETUATE A HOAX. HE HAS THOROUGHLY CHECKED BOTH THE PHOTOS AND REPORTS AND BELIEVES THEM TO BE VALID.

- page 88 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

the people have seen something and the photos are not faked (i.e. something flying over Lubbock.) Other sources confirmed this fact and stated that he has a reputation of making very sure what he prints is true. He stated he purposely played down the articles because he felt that the object was possibly some Air Force project, he was more sure when the AF did not investigate. (He knew nothing about it for several weeks.)

He believes the people who saw this object were not seeing birds. Some people did see birds because there was some bird flight activity in the area. His observation on a great many reports was that the people who saw ducks knew they were ducks because they could see them. The people who saw V lights knew they couldn't be ducks. At least one experienced duck hunter who saw them threw out the duck idea. Therefore, his idea was that a lot of people were conscious of the lights, were looking, and saw ducks and knew they were ducks. Other saw the real thing and knew they weren't ducks.

Harris' statement on _ was that he has seen a lot of fakes in his time and if _ is a fake he is the best in the business and wasting his time in colleges.

In answer to a quiry about sightings in areas without a large concentration of lights such as larger cities, Mr. Harris stated that they had received calls from many people in small towns and in the country. All reports were about the same as those reported in the newspapers.

a. The objects were migratory birds.
b. The objects were a group or string of light traveling from N to S at a high speed. 

Another instance mentioned by Mr. Harris occurred several nights after, 25 August 1951. An Air Force Capt from Reese AFB called to tell of the object

- page 89 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a report or document containing text only.

Text in the document:

he had seen. He stated he had read about the objects in the newspaper and did not believe it. However, a few minutes before he had called, he had seen the same phenomena as was mentioned in the newspaper and was now convinced it was true. He stated that he had flown jets and had been around them and that this object was much faster than a jet. He said he couldn't give his name but would be glad to do so through the base PIO. This was never done, however, as the editor was not running any more stories on the incident and all records of the captain's name were gone.

Mr. Harris had been in the newspaper business about 20 years. Some of this time was spent as a PIO during WW II. He has a reputation of being very honest and will print nothing unless he is personally sure it is accurate. This is brought out by his very complete investigation of the authenticity of the "string of beads" stories.

Mr. Hams is considered one of the best photographers in Lubbock. He has had a studio for many years before coming to the newspaper. All the time he had a studio, he worked for the newspaper on a part-time basis.

- page 90 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

5. Trip to Brownfield, Texas.

On the morning of 8 November 1951, Lt Ruppelt and Capt Parker of Reese AFB, drove to Brownfield, Texas, to investigate reports from this area. 

Upon arrival at Brownfield, Jerry Stoltz, editor of the Brownfield News, was contacted. He made available all back issues of the newspapers. Several reports of incidents were found dated between 25 August and 31 August 1951. These were similar to the Lubbock descriptions of the incident except for one reported by a Mr. [redacted].

Mr. [redacted] was a man about 65 years of age. He had lived in West Texas all his life and is now retired. On the evening of 25 August 1951, he and his wife were sitting the backyard of their home when they noticed this group of lights go overhead from N to S. They were described as "kind of a glow, a little bigger than a star". Mr. [redacted] remarked about them to his wife. Soon another group came over. Neither flight was in a V shape, merely a group of about 15-20 lights. Some time later a third group flew over but instead of going straight over they circled the house. This group was either lower or in a different position because Mr. [redacted] stated he could see objects and they were birds.

At the same time one of birds called (i.e. chipped) and Mr. [redacted] identified the sound as the call of a plover.

He stated that the next morning (26 August 1951), he read the Lubbock Morning Avalanche's account of the incident at Lubbock and if he had not identified the objects he saw as plovers he would have though he had seen the same thing. Lt Ruppelt and Capt Parker then went to the County Library and Brownfield High School Library to obtain information on Plover. It was found that there...

- page 91 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document, possibly related to Project Blue Book. The text on the page describes an encounter with a "species of Plover with a white breast but no additional information could be obtained." The report states that by the time the officers returned to Lubbock, it was too late to go to Big Spring or Lamesa, Texas, so they returned to Lubbock.

was a species of Plover with a white breast but no additional information could
be obtained.
By this time it was too late to go to Big Spring or Lamesa, Texas, so
the officers returned to Lubbock.

- page 92 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text from the document:

6. Federal Wild Life Game Warden

On the afternoon of 8 November 1951, Lt. Ruppelt and Capt Parker contacted the Federal Wildlife Game Warden at the Post Office Building in Lubbock. The purpose was to determine the habits and description of Plover.

It was determined that there are several kinds of Plover. Several types have white breasts and are found in West Texas. The bird is about 8" long and has a wing span of about 1 1/2'. It will light and in groups but the groups are usually not larger than 5 or 6 birds. They are known to migrate south from late August till the middle of November. Also they have been seen in the Lubbock locality recently although not in great numbers. They fly at about 1000' or lower at a maximum of 50 Mph.

The game warden had not read the articles about the "objects" in the paper so was unfamiliar with the description of the objects, but tended to doubt if they were Plover. He added that they might be ducks but not geese because geese continually "honk" as they fly over populated areas.

- page 93 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Meeting with Texas Technical College Professors

On the evening of 8 November 1951, Lt Ruppelt and Capt Parker met with four professors of the Texas Technical College to discuss the aerial phenomena they observed over a period of time from 25 August 1951 until about 15 Oct 1951. 

Those present were:
a. [REDACTED], Ph.D. in Geology, but also well versed in all fields of science. The meeting was at his home.
b. [REDACTED], Ph.D., Professor of Chemical Engineering
c. [REDACTED], Ph.D. in Physics, presently head of the Texas Tech. Seismograph Station and has previously spent several years at the University of Alaska studying the aurora. 
d. Prof. [REDACTED], Head of the Petroleum Engineering Department.

On the evening of 25 August 1951, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] were sitting in Dr. [REDACTED]'s yard discussing a project on micro-meteorites that [REDACTED] is conducting at Texas Tech. They were counting meteors when the first object passed over the yard. They stated they were surprised at the sight and began discussing it. They agreed that if another object came over they would attempt to find out some of its characteristics and about an hour later one did come over, one man listened while the other two timed it. This object, and the first one, was a semi-circle, about 160° arc, of lights. There was no discernable noise and the angular velocity was very close to 30° per second. The direction was about N to S, and they passed 15°-20° west of the Zenith. The men could not agree on the color except that it was reddish to white. It varied in intensity and was somewhat larger in area than a star. All men agreed it appeared to have its own light source. Since 25 August 1951, these men and several others have seen more flights, approximately twelve. They all were of the same general characteristics.

- page 94 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing observations and investigations related to an unidentified flying object.

the same nature as tne first except there was no regu arrangement or formation. Others who have seen the objects well in the presence of the original three men are:
a. , Ph.D. in Geology.
b. , Mathematics Professor.
c. Studying for Ph.D.
Dr. Astronomer from Texas Tech, has not observed the phenomena
but has been present at all the investigations.
Several characteristics of the object have been noticed by the observers.
The lights always appear at about 50° in the S or SW. They never gradually come into
view or gradually disappear. Its "span angle" from the ground was about 7°-8°.
They follow a rough schedule beginning about 2120 and appearing every hour and 10 min
utes until three flights pass overhead. The sequence is attempted to determine
whether or not there is any form between the lights by trying to observe stars
between the lights. They have been unsuccessfully however, due to the great
speed of the object. Once they thought they observed stars between the objects
but could not be sure.
The group is confident of the angular velocityof the object of 30°/second
from measurements of several flights. Stop watches and protractors were used to
measure time and angles. Several attempts have been made to measure the altitude.
On only one occasion has there been any clouds and these were widely scattered,
The objects appear but did not pass close enough to a cloud to obtain a
relative altitude.
Several other attempts to determine the altitude were made by using triangulation from a measured base line. On the first occasion an eleven mile base
line was used with home-made angle
measuring devices set up at each end of the base. Radios were used for
communication from one end of the base line to the other. Another night a
shorter baseline was used. On the first night, neither party observed the

- page 95 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

flights although two of their wives saw them from the city. On the second night only one party thought they saw the object but they were not able to get a measurement. The object appeared to be very low over the city of Lubbock.
A height estimate was made by Dr. astronomer. He questioned three people who saw the object as to their position and the angle of observation. This technique is used in plotting the path of meteors. He arrived at an altitude of between 2,000 and 3,000 feet. However, one of the observers was doubtful as to the time she made observation so it could have been another object she saw, consequently, they are not putting any reliability on this altitude measurement. Two other incidents took place which the group would not mention at first but finally did. They qualified the incidents with the statement that they are so absurd they have never mentioned them. The first incident happened to Mrs. ________, who according to several people is a very calm woman. Prof. ________ stated that she came running into the house one evening just at dusk very excited. Due to her usually calm manner, the excitement was very apparent. She said she had seen a very large flying wing type aircraft, making no sound, go over the house. She could offer no more description. Prof. ________ could not remember exactly when it took place as he had passed it off as being too fantastic. (Note: Nearly identical to 25 August 1951 sighting in Alburquerque, New Mexico.) 
The next incident was observed by Prof. ________ and Dr. _________, and has been titled a "Horror". The men were sitting in the yard waiting for the first object of the evening to pass over the observers. (Strangely enough, there was a remarkable amount of regularity to the flights of the objects.) All of a sudden a group of yellowish lights came across the yard very low, and according to Prof. ________, they had a "wiggling" motion. It upset Dr. ________ considerably, consequently the name "Horror".  Again the instance was dropped because no one else in the neighborhood saw it and it was very low.

- page 96 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a typewritten document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED

LIBBOCK, TEXAS - 25 August 1951

The first of a series of sightings relate to this incident occurred on 25 August 1951 at approximately 9:10 p.m. Four Texas Technological College professors were sitting in the backyard of one of the professor's homes observing SCINTILLATIONS in the sky of an appreciable number of lights moving through the air. They observed this group of lights for 20 to 30 minutes.

The pattern of the lights was almost a perfect semi-circle, and it is estimated that they traveled at a high rate of speed. The pattern of the lights was observed as being in rows and moving across the sky, similar to this incident was observed was during a period of about three weeks, with those participating being of the opinion that more than one aircraft was involved. 

The group of men include:
a. The Head of the Petroleum Engineering Department
b. Professor of Geology, has Ph.D.
c. Professor of Chemistry, has Ph.D.
d. Professor of Chemical Engineering, has Ph.D.

Besides the above four men the following have observed the incident:
e. Graduate student working on Ph.D.
In addition, a Professor of Astronomy was consulted on the incident, but he did not observe any of these flights.

The above mentioned men took a personal interest in the phenomena and undertook a study of observations made to determine the nature and character of the flights. The flight path of the object and blazing angle seemed to indicate devices at the end of the flight path being drawn in. However, the objects did not appear on the nights the observers were waiting for them.

From the series of observations, the following facts were obtained:
a. The angular velocity of the object was very nearly 300 degrees per second.
b. There was no sound that could be attributed to the object.
c. The flight path of the object was from N to S in the majority of the flights.
d. There were two or three flights per evening. 
e. The period between flights was about one hour and 10 minutes.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 97 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Output:

At this point in the conversation the unusual meteor activity in the SW United States was brought up. The group, with Dr. ******* the astronomer, has already attempted to associate the formation of lights with this activity, however, they could find no association between the two. Dr. ******* mentioned the fact that the series of events terminating with the large meteor that fell in Oklahoma on the morning of 7 November 1951 was very odd. They did not follow the general pattern of meteors. An expedition from several Southwestern colleges is now being formed to attempt to find the one that is supposed to have fallen in Oklahoma.

Several meteors were reported to have fallen in the Lubbock area during the period Lt Ruppelt was there. In two instances people reported crashed aircraft, and Lt Ruppelt was present when B-25s were sent out to search. Later the locations where these "crashes" were reported were examined by Texas Tech people. They picked up some material that allegedly came from the object. A piece of this material has been obtained and will be analyzed. It may be ash from the many cotton gins located in the Lubbock area. According to Texas Tech chemists, if it is the potassium content will be high. (Sch. note 6 Tli)

The above named men together with Dr. ******, an astronomer at Texas Tech, have developed a very great interest in their objects. Their genuine interest is brought out by the fact that they devoted an entire evening discussing the matter with Lt Ruppelt and Capt Parker, and they previously have had many meetings between themselves. They refuse to recognize any sightings not witnessed by at least two of the group although they admit many other reputable people have seen the objects. Thus the figure of twelve "official sightings" is conservative. Their term is twelve "official sightings". They have made every effort to investigate all possibilities as to what the objects might be. It is apparent after listening

- page 98 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, discussing a sighting of a bright meteor that was visible from Reese AFB on the morning of November 7.

The text on the page reads:

"for them. (This can" borne up by the fact that on / morning of 7 November the very bright meteor mentioned above was visible from Reese AFB. Lt Ruppelt was in front of the Officer's Club with several other people. Only those of the group who were looking directly at the meteor saw it, and it was considered to be extremely bright.)

- page 100 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The document appears to be a report on night flying objects, addressed to the Chief of the Air Technical Intelligence Center and the Project Grudge at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.

HEADQUARTERS 3500TH PILOT TRAINING WING
Reese Air Force Base, Texas
GA-1
21 November 1951

SUBJECT: Report on Night Flying Objects

TO: Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center
ATTN: "Project Grudge"
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. Reference verbal conversation 1st Lt E. J. Ruppelt your Headquarters and Capt G. D. Satterthwait this Headquarters.

2. Enclosed is a statement signed by four professors at Texas Technological College, Lubbock, Texas, concerning subject above.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:
DONAT F. DAUTEUIL
CAPTAIN, USAF
Adjutant

1 Incl
"Report on Night Flying Objects" (1 cy)

Hq. Flying Training Air Force, Waco, Texas 20 NOV 1951
TO: Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: "Project Grudge",
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio.

1 Incl
2744

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 101 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT ON SIGHT FLYING OBJECTS
The first observations of these objects were made by Messrs. - April 17-1951 two - were observed and were about five minutes apart. - These observations have spread through;
(1) The objects were traveling from northeast to southwest and pacing slightly southeast of overhead of the city of Lubbock.
(2) Each flight consisted of a series of lights in an erratic formation which covered about 100 in the sky.
(3) It was apparent that the area were not continuous. Individual objects could not be distinguished distinctly. They were of a varying color, bluish-green, amber, and reddish-orange and clearly and plainly visible, but not brilliant, and having approximately the same illumination for all the objects, and seemed to remain constant on a clear moonlight night.
(4) Immediately after the flights it was estimated that the velocities of the flights were thirty degrees per second, and are of notably degree exceeding forty-five degrees below the zenith to forty-five degrees beyond the zenith.
(5) Both flights were identified in "size, shape, velocity, and duration".
(6) No sound was associated with the flights.
During the following week the same observers witnessed five flights resembling the above on succeeding nights through the same period between Monday and Thursday according to additional data.
(1) On September first, (Saturday) the above three were joined by pressers. On that night two flights were seen similar to those previously described but not in such an irregular, grouped, and with definite and individual objects present in the formation.
(2) The apparent number of objects in these succeeding flights has been variously estimated as being from fifteen to thirty.
(3) The most unusual flight observed at 10:17 a.m. on September second by the five people who had seen the previous flights. The flight passed directly overhead in the general direction of north to south, and was seen by each member of the group.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 102 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document. There is no photograph present in this image.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Page 2 N. L. Flying Objects.
UNCLASSIFIED

Mr. [redacted] observed that, in the case of this flight, an irregularly shaped yellow light appeared in the rear. The formation included three circular discs, and the are alleged to have swerved or pulsated in the direction of the object.

Mr. [redacted] stated that this flight, and described it as a group of individually distinct yellow objects, approximately twelve in number, traveling in formation at an extremely high velocity, each with an angular subtense that would be the equivalent of a small-caliber rifle bullet at a distance of thirty feet.

Mr. [redacted] described this flight as having the appearance of a group of from twelve to fifteen pale objects in the shape of a half moon, varying in brightness, and following a definite formation.

The two other observers, Mr. [redacted] and Mr. [redacted], agreed to the above descriptions in their essential details.

The startling characteristics of this one flight made calm observation difficult to impossible.

The members of this group have been a local of ten University Professors who have been studying these objects between August 25 and about November 1, 1951.

Submitted by:
[redacted]
Professor and Head of 
[redacted] Engineering

[redacted]
Professor of Geology
Department of Geology

[redacted]
Professor of Chem. Eng.
Department of Chemistry
and Chemical Engineering

[redacted]
Professor and Director
[redacted] Observatory

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 103 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
1 January 1952
SUBJECT: UNKNOWN SUBJECT
Unidentified Objects in Flight over Lubbock, Texas
SPECIAL PRIORITY
TO: Commanding Officer
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
DAYTON, OHIO
1. Reference is made to letter, this office, dated 15 November 1951, file 21-21, subject as above.
2. Additional hereto for your additional information are two copies of the report of investigation by Special Agent H. E. NIEHDER, 2nd OSI District (ID), file 21-21, dated 5 December 1951, subject as above.
3. No further investigation at this time is contemplated, as the files of the Office of Special Investigations are considered closed in the instant case.
4. Attention is invited to paragraph 7, AFR 205-1, dated 1L March 1949, which prohibits the disclosure of classified information to unauthorized personnel.

JAMES T. D'ONNELL
Lieutenant Colonel, USAF
District Commander

COPY FOR: SO GSC w/o atv incl

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
GOD DIR 5200.10 - 

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

- page 104 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO investigation report.

UNCLASSIFIED
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL, USAF
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
TITLE UNKNOWN SUBJECT:
Unidentified Objects in flight over Lubbock, Texas
CHARACTER OF CASE: SPECIAL INQUIRY
REFERENCE: IOI 346, H.Q. 8002987, DO #23, Carswell AFB, Texas, 8 Oct 51, file 24-8H
Interviewed at the Lubbock, Texas, request of Lt EDWARD J. RUPPELT, Air Force personnel on 17 September 1951 concerning sightings of unusual aerial objects over Lubbock, Texas on 30 August 1951, and denying the possession of the light in question on 30 August 1951, and denying the possession.
CLOSED

- page 105 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects. The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

SECURITY INFORMATION

THIS CASE WAS REPORTED IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE VERBAL REQUEST OF BRIGADIER GENERAL G. W. MUNDY, CHIEF OF THE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER AS COVERED BY MAJOR EDWARD J. RUPPELT, FORMERLY OF THE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE DIVISION OF AIR MATERIEL COMMAND, DAYTON, OHIO, ON 15 MARCH 1952.

DURING THIS INTERVIEW, HE DID NOT DEVIATE FROM THE INFORMATION OBTAINED IN THE INITIAL INVESTIGATION BY THE ASSISTANT CHIEF, COUNTERINTELLIGENCE CORPS. THE POSSIBLE EXPLANATION OF THE TRACKING AND APPEARANCE OF THE UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS ON 30 AUGUST 1951.

HE HAD OBTAINED THIS PICTURE FROM THE WITNESS AND SUPPLIED IT THROUGH CHANNELS TO BE FILED AT WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE. HIS PERSONAL INSPECTION OF THE PICTURES AND SKETCHES IN HIS POSSESSION REVEALED NO ADDITIONAL DATA OR EXPLANATION OF THE SIGHTING.

THE USE OF THE FILES OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES WAS EXPLAINED TO HIM AND HE APPRECIATED THE NECESSITY OF MAINTAINING STRICT SECURITY PRECAUTIONS IN HANDLING THIS TYPE OF TECHNICAL INFORMATION AND THE POSSIBILITY OF LOCATING MISSING NEGATIVES.

AT 1700 HOURS, 2 SEPTEMBER 1951, THE WITNESS STATED THAT HIS SON HAD TALKED OVER THE POSSIBILITY OF MAKING CERTAIN STATEMENTS WITH HIS FATHER. HOWEVER, HE HAD DECIDED NOT TO TAKE ANY FURTHER ACTION.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

SECURITY INFORMATION

- page 106 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a typed document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation.

UNCLASSIFIE
DD #23 24-55
7c. To 6 Momber, 1951, the statement was obtained from LSAIK (deleted) that on 29 gus 1951 about 11:30 ™ took pictures of strange objects appearing in the sky. I have three pictures of these objects in the third group. The last night's report has not been found and is not available in this case.
8. On 30 November 1951, WILSON "BILL" HAND, Photographer for the Avalanche-Journal, Lubbock, Texas, stated in writing to the Air Force that he had in his possession copies of photographs believed to be the same as those taken by LSAIK (deleted) on 29 August 1951. BILL HAND stated that he had made every effort to locate LSAIK's (deleted) photographs, but had been unable to do so. BILL HAND does not know where the original photographs are located, nor was he able to secure them for the Air Force. He stated that the newspaper has also been unable to locate the original photographs which were in their possession on 30 August 1951. BILL HAND stated that he does not have technical knowledge of other possible causes for the objects shown in the photographs. HAN did not believe that the objects were planes, birds, balloons or any other known objects.
All investigation has been completed and there being no further undeveloped leads, this case is closed.
INCLOSURES
FILE O 723 PILES
1. Original statement made by LSAIK (deleted)

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 107 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Transcribed text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

a. The color of the light was blue-white.
b. There were from 30 to 35 separate lights in each formation.
c. The first two flights observed were a semi-circle formation of lights, but in subsequent flights there was no orderly arrangement. 

1. The object always appeared to be a light source in the distance. When the object came closer, approximately 600 in the distance, the object appeared as an irregular shape or silhouette against the surrounding lights and was distinguishable from a distance, neither did it completely disappear.

2. There was no apparent change in size or motion of the object except to change its relative height or the object in respect to the clouds. However, there were intermittent periods when the objects were less distinct due to the fact that the objects were silhouetted against the surrounding clouds. 

Efforts to determine whether these were any form of conventional aircraft were negatively conclusive due to the short time the object was in view.

This phenomena was observed by about one hundred people in and around Lubbock, Texas. Some of these people were of the opinion that the objects were from outer space.

On the evening of 31 August 1951, at about 2:30 C.S.T., a college freshman named Carl Hart, Jr. observed three flights of the objects and allegedly obtained five photographs. He obtained two shots of one flight and three of another. His description of the object is much the same as that of the college professors never observed.

(See Appendix II and V for possibly related incidents.)

Status of the Investigation

1951 Project Grudge personnel made a trip to Lubbock, Texas, on 4-9 November 1951, to obtain more details on the incident. Ray Stanford, one of the college professors who had seen the objects, cooperated in their enquiries. This report should be forthcoming.

The photographer who claims to have photographed the object was interrogated. Every effort was made to find a flaw in the photographs; however, the results were negative. The college professors did not believe the photographs were authentic as they had never observed a V-shaped arrangement of lights during the actual sightings. Since the investigation, the status of this case remains inconclusive.

UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL

- page 108 -

The image contains a photograph of a document labeled "DISPOSITION FORM". The text in the document appears to be a report related to the evaluation of some negatives, likely from a UFO sighting or incident. The document mentions "The attached negatives have been evaluated as per the instructions attached to confirm or deny the authenticity of these negatives as a record of unknown objects, and the results of this evaluation are attached." There is also a stamp on the bottom portion of the document that appears to be a "RETURN RECEIPT" stamp.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM DOCUMENT:

FILE NO.
TO ATTAA-26
SUBJECT (Restricted) Evaluation of Negatives
FROM SDEP-2 DATE DEC 3 1953
1. The attached negatives have been evaluated as per the instructions attached to confirm or deny the authenticity of these negatives as a record of unknown objects, and the results of this evaluation are attached. No images which could be interpreted as stars are present.
2. Incls:
1 - 35 mm Negatives (1)
2 - Rept WDGS-2-4

Hegman called Chapman - 13:20 3/ Dec 5-1

- page 109 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing an "Evaluation of Negatives" document.

The text in the document is as follows:

ATIA-22
WCEFP-2
DEC 5 1951
Mr. Chapman/250
11:53/3/5lic 17

1. The attached negatives have been evaluated as per the attached Test Report WCEFP-2-C. It is not possible at this time to determine any authenticity of these objects due to the unknown objects, nature and characteristics of which, no images which could be interpreted of, present.

2. In the event further photographic tests are subsequently desired, this laboratory will cooperate fully in carrying them out.

(Ras rotated)
Evaluation of Negatives
ATIA-22
S. H. Kirkland, Jr. Col. USAF
Chief, Technical Analysis Division
Air Technical Intelligence Center

1. Enclosed are four 35 mm negatives and prints. The negatives are not government property, consequently, it is requested that they be handled carefully.

2. The photographs were made on 25 October 1951 and the evaluation needed were discussed by Mr. Shatz and Lt Teixeira on 25 October 1951.

3. The exposure data is as follows:
a. Exposed at 2330 CST at Lubbock, Texas, on 30 August 1952.
b. Camera:
c. Film: 
d. Lens: 
e. All exposures - 1/25 sec.
f. Developer:

1 Incl
35 mm negatives (4)

- page 110 -

There appears to be no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text only.

ATIA--2c
1. The attached negatives have been evaluated as per the attached memorandum to confirm or deny the authenticity of these negatives as a record of encounters with a strange object which could be interpreted as stars are present.
2. In the event further photographic analysis is desired, to discover the spot magnified 1 this Laboratory will cooperate fully in carrying this investigation.
2 Incl: 1- 35 mm Negatives(4) 
2- Past Rept--WCIPP-241.
GEORGE W. GODDARD, Col, USAF 
Chief, Photo Reconnaissance Lab
CONCLUSION:

- page 111 -

This page from a Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It is a written report titled "Evaluation of Negatives" that discusses the processing of 35mm negatives related to an unidentified flying object sighting.

ROUTING AND REC SHEET 
UNCLASSIFIED
SUBJECT (Restricted) Evaluation of Negatives
TO WCGFP-2 - Mr. Swift FROM ATAA-2c 
DATE 5 NOV 1951
1. Enclosed are four 35 mm negatives and prints. The negatives are not government property, consequently, it is requested that they be handled carefully.
2. It is requested that the exposure and density of these negatives be compared with that of Mr. Swift's negatives which were exposed and the evaluation needed were discussed by Mr. Swift and Lt S J Ruppelt of the Air Technical Intelligence Center on 25 October 1951.
3. The exposure data is as follows:
a. Exposed at 2330 CST at Lubbock, Texas, on 30 August 1951.
b. Camera - Kodak 35 mm Range Finder.
c. Film - Plus X Kodak Anastigmat F 3.5, 50 mm.
d. All Exposures - F 3.5 at 1/30 sec.
e. Developer - Pathenomic 777 for 15 minutes.

I Incl
35 mm Negatives (4)

J. E. KIRKLAND, JR., Col, USAF
Chief, Technical Analysis Division
Air Technical Intelligence Center

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 112 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a graph paper chart with various points and markings plotted on it.

Extracted text from the document:

Chart I
Frame #5
X - Thousands Each

- page 113 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a graph or chart with a grid of horizontal and vertical lines. The chart is labeled "Chart II" and the x-axis is labeled "X Thousands Inch" with tick marks every 20,000 inches. The y-axis is labeled "Thousands Ths Inch" with tick marks every 20 units. There are various dots and markings plotted on the grid.

Here is the text from the document:

Chart II
Frame #7
9 Apr 51

- page 114 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a grid-based chart or graph. The chart has gridlines and numerical scales along the x and y axes, but there are no visual elements besides the grid.

Text from the document:

Chart III
Frame #6
X Thousandths Inch.

- page 115 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a chart or graph titled "Chart IV Composite of Frames 5-7 8." The chart consists of a grid with various dots and markings plotted on it.

Text extracted from the document:

Chart IV
Composite of Frames 5-7 8.
Scale: 0.020"

- page 116 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

TEST REPORT NO. WCEFP-2-4
PHYSICS BRANCH
SENSITOMETRY UNIT 
29 NOV 1951

SUBJECT: Evaluation of 35 mm. Negatives

FACTUAL DATA
1. Four negative frames were submitted from the Air Technical Intelligence Center for photographic evaluation by the Sensitometry Unit. These negatives were exposed at approximately 2330 CST, 30 Aug 1951, at Lubbock, Texas. 
The camera was the familiar Kodak 35 with coupled rangefinder and a 50 mm (2 inch) f/3.5 Anastar Kodak lens. The plus X film was exposed for 1/10 sec with lens aperture wide open, presumably with the camera hand-held and the film was processed in Panthermie 777 developer for 15 min.
An interpretation of the configuration of spots was requested, in addition to general sensitometric notes.

2. A preliminary microscopic examination of the negatives disclosed the presence of patterns of spots, the patterns on the four frames being generally similar. Roughly 20 spots were visible on each negative in a flat "V" formation. In 3 negatives the formation consists of .

- page 117 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document. It does not contain any photographs, but rather detailed text describing the analysis and observations of a set of photographic negatives.

The text describes the characteristics of the negatives, including the arrangement of the spots in rows, the evidence of camera motion, and the rectangular coordinates of the spots. It also notes that the resulting plot is a mirror image of the actual object photographed.

The text further discusses the variations in the spots and how the two rows of spots behaved differently when the charts were superimposed. It describes the spacing of the spots in the second row as being more irregular compared to the first row.

- page 118 -

