PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
5 Aug 1951

2. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 2330
GMT: 06/0430Z

3. PHOTOS
☒No

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. LOCATION
Herkimer, New York

6. SOURCE
civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 - 5 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
South

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Solid obj, flickered, length 2-3X width de-scribed as spherical red obj with green tail.
No sound. Intensity constant. Outline fuzzy or blurred. Straight, level flight. Disappeared in SW behind trees after 60 deg arc of movement.
Low speed, low altitude assumed by witness.

(Reported in 1953)

11. COMMENTS
Meteor sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
☒ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon

□ Was Aircraft
☒ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft

□ Was Astronomical
☒ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical

□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 28 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Sept. 25     18     Dec.     1953     To Hayden Planetarium
Day     Date     Month     Year     To Major Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC (Ret)

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? Originally as a "fireball"/evidently celestial phenomenon we have wondered about its low altitude (over flight and speed that did not seem 'supersonic' as well that its form seemed to be perfectly round, e.i., seemingly too symmetrical for a meteor.


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 200-300 m.p.h. etc most.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3000-6000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [illegible]
ADDRESS JAMAICA 35 N.Y.
TELEPHONE NUMBER NONE
What is your present job? TOOL & DIEMAKER (AIRCRAFT)
Age 46 Sex MALE

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school X e. Technical school AVIATION
b. High school A LITTLE (Type)
c. College NONE f. Other special training FLIGHT INSTRUCTION 20 YEARS AGO
d. Post graduate [blank]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 21 DEC. 1953


- page 3 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [blank]
SIGNATURE: [signature]
DATE: Dec. 21, 1953

Additional information below to numbered questions of the Questionnaire:

4) Latitude and longitude as given was determined from the Geological Survey topographical map, Big Moose, N.Y. Quadrangle, section of some enclosed. (66) This green light resembled moon light of somewhat lighter shade, but of similar glow - it lit up the somewhat just before it came into view over the trees.

31) Subject to correction as I have intended to return to observation site to take compass bearings which were neglected at the time.

32 & 33) Since the log skid trail and opening between trees still probably exist these angles may be determined more precisely at the observation site and to secure declination as well as the azimuth for question 31.


- page 4 -

Text found on the image:

Top left:
- Now NONEXIST
- ADIRONDACK T.C.
- RAILROAD

Left margin:
- High way R62

Bottom of image:
- ARROWS ON MARGIN OF MAP POINT TO SITE
- OF FIREBALL OBSERVATION

The image appears to be a topographical map with contour lines, terrain features, and various markings. It seems to be of a region in the Adirondack area of New York, with various geographical details and annotations.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

USAFTIS

35) Reply from the Hayden Planetarium is en-
closed — now regret having cut this letter down
(in 1951), don't recall who replied, or signed this
letter.

39-40) The question of the object's altitude and
speed has long bothered me. At one time I be-
lieved it may well have been at much greater altitude,
my original impression was that it was just over the
tree tops and that someone might have belatededly been
in the wing in firing rockets. (Toolbop July only a month
gone) but this was an isolated and unwitnessed stretch
of road near midnight — and the object's flight path
was level; and then wondered how it called when
be neither the exhaust or running lights of an air-
craft — no sound whatever! Would say speed
estimation were correct than altitude estimation
— this later I can only repeat what I've constantly
come back to: it seemed to be just over the
tree tops! * And it certainly could not have been
at such great altitudes associated with meteors
such shooting stars (one which was seen immediately
after the passing of this object — and which was very
distant in the foreground). Not only did it seem to
be at low altitude, the fact the reddish sphere was
* However, not so low as to have it up the foliage on the
trees over which it passed. Also, I recall, that since it

(see page 3)


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3.

"distinct" seems to support this conclusion, otherwise the sphere must have been of enormous size if at any great height - so that the sphere would have appeared as distinct as it seemed. Further, having seen quite a few "shooting stars" - most from start to finish (as the one seen immediately after the passing of the "fireball" object) and all to their "finish" - this green fireball was not seen from start to finish for it came into sight and was lost to sight because of the trees. Hesitated to hear if it crashed - heard nothing.

Only until reading Keyhoe's Flying Saucers from Outer Space, re: fireballs as flares or possible "guided missiles", and saw this form reported in the book's appendix, I thought this information should be submitted to the Air Force. Regret being unable to furnish more precise and complete information.

Respectfully and Sincerely given,

Page 4 added.

[Redacted signature area]
Jamaica 35, N.Y.


- page 7 -

Additional note to Question 40:

If the following problem can be solved, below a reasonable cloud upon the object's speed out altitude is possible. (Have been searching far some means by which this could be determined - the answer lies turning if a value can be assigned to the intensity of the object's light) If second or so after I became aware of a light overhead the object came into view (location seen, enclosed in question 5). Problem, how far could the object's glow be visible to be tolerable under the circumstances that object was seen? What intensity was its light when the object was distant enough to appear the size approximately of a "propofruit"? What, then, was the object's size? If these can be solved, then it will be possible to solve fairly definitely the object's altitude as well as speed since we have, a) duration seen, b) angle of view, and c) object's declination, as well, d) time extent of the object's glow radius above.

It has not yet been tackled - would you let me know results if above can be solved? I'll really be interested!

Diagram succeeded, page 5.


- page 8 -

DIAGRAM ILLUSTRATING PROBLEM ON PAGE FOUR.

Object's Flight Path

TREE TOP LEVEL

NOTE: Diagram merely illustrative,
Do not scale.

OBSERVER'S EYE
LEVEL

Where "A" is the angle of view, about 60° as permitted
by opening between trees.

"B" Glow from unseen object first became visible.

"C" Unknown position of object at moment its glow
became visible.

"D" Improvement radius of the object's "glow". Presumably not light up trees since object's glow did
not light up place on trees as it approached near i.e., had
no real focus, loose and since intensity of light increases the nearer
it approaches, or is approached, that is, enough to sufficiently light up the fringe
as to be seen.

"E" Where object itself became visible about a second
after its glow was first noted.

"F" End of object's visible flight after 3-5 seconds
duration and being of unknown altitude and speed. Object's
declination about 30° from zenith.

Dec. 21, 1953.


- page 9 -

Dept. of the Air Force
U.S. Air Force
Office of Public Information
Washington 25, D.C.

Dec. 4, 1953

Sirs:

Subject: "Flying Saucer"

Refer D.E. Keyhoe's book, Flying Saucers from
Outer Space, lists in his appendix, a "Form A, U.S.
Air Force Technical Information Sheet", I wish to
request a copy of this form.

Do not claim to have seen a "Flying Saucer"
but, if you're interested, will report a fire ball
seen in local flight in the Adirondacks
some time ago. Inquiry regarding some
was made at the time to Dr. Hayden
Planetarium - They had no reports at the
time of fire balls. Thought it interesting.
Was seen near midnight, couldn't venture
guess as to its altitude but wouldn't say
if was at great altitude. Will fill out
your form to best of my ability -
Air Force can evaluate it, I have no opinion,
will report only what I saw.

Sincerely,

Jamaica 35, N.Y.


- page 10 -

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
8 Dec 53

MEMO FOR    Captain Hardin

Would you please send this man a questionairre? I have made no reply to his letter.

Thanks
Lt White

We do not know of any special meteor which was seen on the date you mention, but records of these do not appear until later, in the magazines.

It might have been an ordinary airplane, perhaps; we cannot tell as well as you. There were no special meteor showers due on that date, but very often there are "spurious" meteors, that is, those not belonging to any particular shower, which fall and are seen, singly. Some of them are slowly moving objects; others move fast. We have seen them of the color you mention. We would mention that the height and distance, as witnessed, are quite deceptive; the objects are usually farther away than supposed.

C-30214


- page 11 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
5 Aug 1951

2. Time of day:
11 30 (about)
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Big Moose Webb Township Herkimer Co. New York
Nearest Patrol Area City or Town County State

Additional remarks: Was camped 1/8 Eagle Bay Big Moose Road north side in the woods.
Elev 1200' Location: La 43°45'29"N, Lo 74°50'50"W (approx).

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
0 0 3-5
Hours Minutes Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember


- page 12 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [blank]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other: NONE


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: the silent night of the quiet forest, absolutely no sound heard.
b. Color: Spherical reddish object partly obscured by vivid green light which surrounded it and streamed behind it. No dimming nor brightening seen.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Some flickering of light seemed confined to tail which fades out.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with a directional arrow, labeled with notes about its appearance and movement]

DIRECTION
Foreward part
was a brighter
red.

LENGTH 2 to 3 X ITS WIDTH, APPROX.

DURING THE INTERVAL SEEN, THE LIGHT WAS STEADY AND CONSTANT.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

However, The general spherical form was fairly distinct.

e. Other: ___________

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Only one seen.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Note: Sketch
believed correct
to reviewed
a distance.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A line drawn from A to B]

Steady, straight, level, unwavering flight.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and about arm's length?

(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Lost to view due to trees.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Can only say that it appeared to be a sphere and of a solid nature. And I say "sphere" since in observing its approach and departure it did not "change shape" throughout such change of view as was permitted by the angle of view and the object's declination in it.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other In the woods

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Was awakened from sleep by snapping of deadwood, got out of sleeping bag to investigate, shortly afterward while on log skid trail attention drawn overhead by oncoming lights which was seen in opening between trees - noise in woods tending to be caused by a bear.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ±40 degrees.
b. From horizon ±60 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ±220 degrees.
b. From horizon ±60 degrees.

THIS COURSE AS PLOTTED UPON A MAP SEEMS TO BE ON A LINE FROM NEAR SARANAC LAKE TOWARDS ROME, N.Y.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

Not more than 30° from the zenith.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Angle of opening 60° ±

Trees                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Trees

Surrounded trees, angle of view probably not more than 260°


- page 17 -

