There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains text describing a sighting of an unidentified object.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 12 July 1951
2. LOCATION: New Zealand
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 12:43 AM
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: None
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Unknown
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Witness observed cloud glowing for approximately 500 yds long, 500 yds wide, 50 yds high to east of witness. Cloud was stationary and oblong in shape. Cloud gave appearance of whirl wind and travel northward for a short distance. Then at right angles in easterly directions. The main bulk of the cloud remained motionless and was not clearly defined. The small cloud was not immediately spherical, but soon so during travel to the E and N. Disappeared over the sea, 4 miles to the East.
9. COURSE: East
10. CONCLUSIONS: Probably Balloon
11. COMMENTS: Witness shown 1 particular cloud.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document containing text.

And can more cest in the appamtion might vant hover 3 believed and grou feietirel and siebt might. ing 3 been merely
3 hare no photographs of echnologioally are of them to indicate of the
arena which caul not be explodes by sudden currents of air or weald happen
in encountains

Yours sincerely

6.9. A few days age some writel
the enelay pilots of transpsorts 77. 2. reported sighting of unnisna objeota which were inrestigating and approaching apparent at high speed. 3 shall be obluged
to get any of your sightinge - and forward.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

I refer to the photographic suffice to the report from your Auckland director. Although this view, the brilliant and I read these photographs as follows: Personally, I do not draw any definite conclusion as to the nature of the phenomena. I could not even find anything reminding me of the photo-graphic suffice which I obtained some time ago when I was working at the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research at Wellington. Nor can I identify any of the forms shown in the photo-graphic suffice which I obtained some time ago when I was working at the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research at Wellington.

Please return letter at your convenience.

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with the text:

"9. The Commanding officer
Tjhaukapotai
American army ng 98 cave
America"

- page 4 -

I do not see any photographs in this image, which appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

OFFICIAL RECORD 
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

INITIALS: W.O.C.
DATE. 17 NOV 54

MAIL POUCH 
Kaitaipori, New Zealand 
Dear Sirs,

Please find enclosed the negatives you submitted for examination on 2 March 1954.

We are sorry for the delay in returning these to you and trust the negatives have not been damaged.

The Air Technical Intelligence Center would like to thank you for the opportunity to examine prints from your negatives. We feel the conversation and interest you have displayed in our project is most gratifying.

Sincerely,

R. C. SCRUM
Chief, Photo Lab
COORDINATION:
ATTA R: W.G. Johnston DATE: 18 NOV 54 
ATTA R: R. G. Johnston DATE: 18 MAR 55
ATTA R: G O. Jacobsen DATE: 18 MAY 55

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text describing the details of a case file from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects. The text provides the dimensions of the case file and the contents, which include photographs. However, the image itself does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text transcribed from the image:

This case includes one (1) 8"x 10" photograph, one (1) 8"x 10" negative, two (2) 4.5"x 5.5" photographs, one (1) 2-1/2"x 4-1/2" photograph. Magazine 2-1/2"x 3-3/4".

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph or illustration of a rural landscape. It depicts a hilly, forested area with some buildings or structures visible in the foreground. There does not appear to be any human figures or faces present in the image.

Text from the document:

Winter 1951
P.O. BOX 1024, WASHINGTON 13, D. C.
NEW ZEALAND'S FLYING SAUCERS
By W. F. DALY, Councillor,
Auckland City Council
Chairman, Auckland U.F.O. Investigation Committee
SIGHTS OF FLYING SAUCERS OVER NEW ZEALAND DURING 1950
-1951 STILL REMAIN A MYSTERY TO SCIENTIFIC INVESTIGATION
COMMITTEES.
NUMEROUS SIGHTINGS SUBSTANTIATED.
OBJECT PHOTOGRAPHED NEAR CHRISTCHURCH OVER LAKE ELLESMERE IN JANUARY 1951.

- page 7 -

The image provided contains a black and white photograph that appears to show a landscape or horizon line. The photograph depicts a series of hills or mountains in the distance, with a horizontal line across the middle of the frame. There does not appear to be any human presence or identifiable features in the photograph.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Text extracted from the document:

"A reply to:
SOUTH-AUSTRALIAN-

GAH/JGW/73147

28 APR 1951

Mr. 
Kalapoi, New Zealand

Dear Mr. 

Your letter of 2 March 1951, together with photographs, has been received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center for analysis.

A study of the photographs indicates that the object shown is a lenticular altocumulus cloud. This type of formation is not unusual and the photographs are not considered to be of particular significance.

The Air Technical Intelligence Center would like to obtain the use of your negatives, if you still have them, for the purpose of making enlargement prints. The negatives would be promptly returned to you.

Your interest in the unidentified flying object program and your desire to be of service is greatly appreciated.

Sincerely,

CC: Lt Col Smith, AFOTN-X
COORDINATOR
ATIARR--6 FILE BRANCH
ATTAR: Lt Col. HARDIN
ATIAR: Lt Col-JONES
ATIAC: Col O'MARA

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
HEADQUARTERS BRANCH
Office of Records"

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Dear Sir,

Regarding the incident 1951 I can now disclose that I was on a fiswrking trip when this happened, I saw an elongated cigar shaped object with a number of lights on it which hovered for about half an hour. These landed at a clearing about half a mile away. I went closer and saw the object (about 600 yds in diameter and 100 yds high) emit a very bright light and then shoot off into the distance at tremendous speed.

Out of this event came a sample of the earth and only (and possibly) detachable portion of the event from what could be carried - and with this and discussion I think this substantiated evidence is all I can give you for a clear picture - the evidence of this has been lost to me by the passage of time.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

as an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

in an apparent discutsion on an object seen, the report states:
"as an interesting fact it should be noted that several cases of unidentified flying objects, seen especially at night, have been reported from various parts of this country in recent months. The main cuse of these mystery objects appears to be merely a well known atmospheric effect, sometimes called "ball lightning" or "fireball", which under certain conditions can give the impression of being at high or low attitudes, and can sometimes appear to be slowing down, stopping, or changing directions."

The report continues to discuss the various characteristics and observations of the object seen, including its size, motion, and duration. It notes that the object was not immediately identifiable and required further investigation.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or page from an old UFO report file.

Following is the text from the document, produced using optical character recognition (OCR):

Benningham Air Mail

21 FEB 1951

Commanding Officer,
Headquarters, USAF
United States of America

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

OCR Output:

of the whole affair became known preven me as an eprewit,
eyornofe the case and because the formation as soon in
the photographs.

or some years i strongly about that i had only see avenirci.
t had my only astronomical a would seript.
t the scout was examined, element medium-rare
was found a few seconds and wind of several on
almost everywhere. it appears that they were got an ordinary
astronomical element.

however it is known that certain phenomena of the
kind pass more or less unnoticod owing to their
transient nature and the fact that they will be of no general
scientific importance or scientific significance, may have been observed a similar sight,
and my own experience substantiated in some comparatively recent
photographs.

Yours faithfully

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a memo routing slip with a handwritten note.

I WOULD LIKE TO SUGGEST A LETTER FROM THE CENTER ON THIS ONE. THIS IS THE TYPE WE WANT THE PUBLIC TO REACT ON.

LT COL U K SMITH
AAOTH-X
DD 1 FEB 55 05-0958 AFOIM^,WABHMGTON 25, D.C.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

Transcribed text:

AFOIN-X/Lt Col S 3/25/1952
ATTN: C/mdd

Your recent letter of 8 March 1952 addressed to the
United States Air Force has been referred to this office.

You may be interested to know that the circumstances you describe in your letter will be investigated as soon as possible.

Many thanks again for bringing this to our mind.

Sincerely yours,

/s/ Lt Colonel
Investigations of Unidentified Flying Objects

AFOIN-X
Lt Col Snitch

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document or report, containing handwritten text.

Text found in the document:

Dear Sir,
Today I received your letter dated 20th April 1950. I have been very much interested in forwarding of magazines which I know always have it among my Kensipheir.
I am a simple man and live alone. Paid to wooly war II I had a small life on on the land in the mountains and that country in both north and south island of New Zealand. Since then I have not seen or even received news letters as they are, and I know words as other people do not bother to write to me, meaning and interesting feeling is now no more.

- page 16 -

