PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
9 July 51

2. LOCATION
Madagascar (Tarrytown N.Y.)

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
N/A

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual N/A Ground-Radar
Air Visual Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
Yes No N/A

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
N/A

9. COURSE
N/A

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Letter from civilian stating that "flying saucers" are being manufactured in Madagascar. Also included are three sketches of saucers.

11. COMMENTS
While some sketches show configuration which could probably fly, Case evaluated as Hoax. No manufacturing sight in Madagascar.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown
HOAX

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

The text in the image is largely illegible due to poor image quality and faded handwriting. However, I can make out "EXHIBIT A" in the bottom left corner of the document. The rest of the text appears to be handwritten but is too blurry and faint to accurately transcribe.


- page 2 -

Text found in the image:

AFRICA
MOZAMBIQUE
MADAGASCAR

EXPERIENCE

The text appears to be labels on a map or geographical image showing the southeastern part of Africa, specifically highlighting Madagascar and Mozambique.


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

PROPELLER INSTALLATION RH

TURBINE
BLADES
CENTRELINE

EXHIBIT 'D'

Some text appears to be illegible or partially obscured due to the low contrast and quality of the scanned image.


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can discern from the image:

Hotel Florence
TARRYTOWN, NEW YORK

EXHIBIT C

IN THE SLEEPY HOLLOW COUNTRY

Some text appears to be illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document.


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Flying Vehicle

[Some text is partially legible but difficult to read completely]

Passengers
Med Equi[pment]

[There are additional fragments of text within an oval diagram, but much of the text is too blurry or faint to read with certainty]

The document appears to be a technical diagram or schematic of some kind of flying vehicle, with an oval outline and some internal compartment markings. The image quality is quite poor, with significant graininess and contrast issues that make precise text extraction challenging.


- page 6 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT: Evaluation of Madagascar Possibility

1. Statesman's Yearbook, 1950, cites an increase in imports which is not reflected in exports between the years 1947 and 1948 as follows:

1947        1948
Imports     147.6        249.46
Exports     138.0        140.57

Some source indicates that industry is largely of a light or domestic nature; i.e., manufacture of straw hats, beef canning and salting. The bulk of the exports comprise raw materials. Imports for the large part comprise heavy machinery and parts, with only a normal component of textiles and goods for domestic goods. It is to be noted that the break in imports vs. exports is of a magnitude which would support some manufacturing activity other than that which is acknowledged by Statesman Yearbook, and that the increment of 100,000 tons occurs at the time of initiation of Grudge.

2. Communication facilities on the island have been increased almost 10 fold in the last 8 year period to nearly 16,000 miles of roads. The railroads have not largely been increase inasmuch as the terrain is mountainous and hence unsuitable. Telephone and telegraphic facilities are now extremely good, Considering that the population is still for the most part aboriginal in character.

3. It is also to be noted that the French accomplished an extensive political revision in Madagascar in 1946, when they included several Antarctica and coastal islands to this possession, admitted representatives to the French assemblages and caused a rearrangement so that French military chiefs actually function as vice-governors.

4. Selection of [REDACTED] of a site on the West coast is at least satisfactory for the requirements of a manufacturing site, in that the East coast is subject to rainfall of a tropical nature, and is associated with unhealthful low terrain so that the European population finds [REDACTED] best adapted to the West coast.

5. [REDACTED] indicates a site on the West coast which seems to be about 10 miles East of the seaport, Tulcar, on a river in Southwest Madagascar. It should be interesting to examine Encyclopedia Britannica Atlas supplement for 1944, for the river on which Tulcar is situated was omitted from their Atlas. This brings to mind a practice during WW II of omitting certain island bases from the maps. Only low possibility is believed to exist along these lines of reasoning.

6. Population of Madagascar is on the order of 4,000,000, with a population density of 16 per square mile when averaged over a relatively uninhabited inland, and is considered sufficiently large as a manpower pool. Recently, there has been established a technical college in Tananarive. The native talent has for centuries been demonstrated in complex metal working, with reports of intricate chains in silver, and has elaborate works in brass and copper as have ever been accomplished in Europe. It is considered therefore that there exists a possibility to utilize native manpower for manufacturing purposes.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 7 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                                   14 July 1951
                                                                                    White Sands, New Mexico

Headquarters
United States Air Force
AFOIN-X3
Washington 25, D.C.

Subject: Sighting in regard to the incident type of UFO. They
would appreciate below. Would you place send us such a copy of
the report to assist in every way possible without violating secrecy.

(1) Occurred on July 14, 1951.
       White Sands, New Mexico.

Paragraph 1. Attached is a copy of a letter from Mr. [redacted] requesting
information on two UFO reports.

2. Mr. [redacted] is quoting Major Keyhoe concerning a sighting which was
supposed to have occurred at White Sands, New Mexico, on 14 July 1951.
A thorough search of FTD files indicates that if such a sighting was
made it was not reported to the Air Force.

The sighting you quote from Major Keyhoe's book which is
supposed to have occurred on 14 July 1951 was evidently not
reported to the Air Force. A thorough search of the complete
files of AFO sighting at the Aerospace Technical Intelligence
Center fails to reveal any such report.

[Signature appears to be redacted]


- page 8 -

