PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
9 Oct 52

2. LOCATION
BROOKS AFB, TEXAS

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 09/0920 CST
GMT 09/1590Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
X Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Viewed □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
X No

6. SOURCE
AF OFFICER, 3 E/1

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 hour

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
3

9. COURSE
-

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Three round silver objects which were capable of maneuvers from hover to high speed were seen by captains and three NCO's at AFB. Some observers thought object was weather balloon.

11. COMMENTS
1. Some observers saw only one object.
2. Rawinsonde released at 1500Z at San Antonio.

CONCLUSIONS
□ Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
X Was Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 24 SEP 53)


- page 1 -

SECURITY INFORMATION

HEADQUARTERS
BROOKS AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS

DOT 319.1                                                    10 October 1952

SUBJECT: Report on Unidentified Flying Objects

TO:   Director of Intelligence
      DS/O
      Headquarters, USAF
      Washington 25, D.C.

1. In accordance with letter, HQ, USAF, AFOIN-C/CO-42, subjects
Reporting of Information on Unidentified Flying Objects, dated 19 Dec
51, the following information is submitted concerning an observation
of an unidentified flying object. Information is sub-paragraphs below
is in the same order as per 1st of referenced letter.

    a. The three objects described were round, silverish
    colored disks. Size and speed were not determined, estimated
    size-120 feet across with an altitude approximated between
    forty and fifty thousand feet. No sound was heard, nor any
    traces of any trail or exhaust observed. Objects moved away
    from viewers in a westerly direction.

    b. Objects were sighted from 0930 to 1030 on 9 October
    1952.

    c. Objects were observed visually from the ground.

    d. Observations were made from Brooks Air Force Base.
    Objects were west of the station. Altitude was approximated to be
    between forty and fifty thousand feet.

    e. Objects were observed by Capt. [redacted], 1/Sgt [redacted],
    1/Sgt [redacted], and Sgt [redacted] all from the 8th
    RSM, USAFSS, this station. Reliability of their statements (attached)
    is unknown.

SECURITY INFORMATION


- page 2 -

SECURITY INFORMATION

DOX 3196l Report on Unidentified Flying Objects

f. Brooks AFB 0930-1000-1030 hours weather sequence:
O 15   206/35/25   2/15
O 15   207/35/25   2/15
O 15   208/35/25   2/15

c. There appeared to be no activity or condition, meteorological or otherwise, which might account for the sightings.

d. There is no physical evidence of the sighting.

1. There was no interception or identification action at this headquarters was not notified at that time.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

6 Incls
1 Statement from Captain
2 Statement from Captain
3 Statement from Maj
4 Statement from M/Sgt
5 Statement from S/Sgt
6 Statement from A/2C

Info Copies to:
Commanding General
Continental Air Command
Mitchell Air Force Base, New York

Commanding General
Fourteenth Air Force
Robins Air Force Base, Georgia

SECURITY INFORMATION

2


- page 3 -

STATE MENT

At 0930 AM I was called from my office by a group of enlisted men standing in front of Bldg 315 located at Brooks AFB, to see an object that was in the sky. I just observed this object which at first appeared to be a weather balloon. It was round and reflected the sun as though it was silver in color. This object just hovered in approximately the same spot and seemed to wobble occasionally. I momentarily shifted my eyes to another direction and saw two more of these same objects traveling at tremendous speed. One was headed in approximately 270° and the other was headed at about 320°. They crossed the sky in about 5 to 7 seconds and both appeared to go into a steep climb and disappear from sight. The first object was still in the same position and continued to wobble. I left the scene and called Base Operations and asked if they had any radar in operation, as I had spotted those peculiar objects in the sky. The only equipment they had was an APQ 13 which weather was using to spot thunder storms. Fifteen minutes later I returned the object was still in the sky and in approximately the same position. It did not disappear until 1000 AM and when it did also left on a heading of about 270°. I would assume these objects were between forty (40) and fifty (50) thousand feet. No noise was heard and there were no exhaust trails made by the objects.

Capt. USAF
8th RSM
Brooks AFB, Texas


- page 4 -

STATEMENT

At about 0915, 9 October 1952 I observed several people standing in front of the building looking up at the sky. They said they were watching a round silvery object away up in the sky. Suddenly Captain _______ who was one of the people watching said that he saw 2 other objects traveling at a high rate of speed across the sky near this first object, then sped upward out of sight.

At that time I became interested and went out in front of the building. I finally located the object which seemed to be stationary at a very high altitude. It shone very brightly in the sun. I immediately thought it was a weather balloon and so remained. At times it seemed to wave and oscillate back and forth but I believe this was due to my eyes, since we were looking almost directly into the sun. I watched this for approximately fifteen minutes and it did not perceptibly change in size or shape. During this time Captain _______ called Base Operations. I then went to coffee for about twenty minutes. When I returned I noticed that the object was still in the sky to forty minutes that it did not seem to move up or down or get larger or smaller. I did not observe what happened to the object. I believe that the object I saw was a weather balloon. I did not see the two moving objects referred to by Captain _______. There were no clouds in the sky.

Captain USAF
6th RSU
Brooks AFB, Texas


- page 5 -

STATEMENT

On October 9th 1952 at 0920 I observed what appeared to be a weather balloon above Brooks AFB. During this time and the rest of the time I observed the object, it was stationary at about twenty thousand feet. It was silver and circular in shape.

Brooks AFB, Texas


- page 6 -

STATEMENT

Between 0930 and 1000 hours on the 9th of October 1952 I saw what I thought was a weather balloon at about ten thousand feet. Moving into a position that was directly over head, at a very slow speed. I observed this object for about fifteen minutes.

Brooks AFB, Texas


- page 7 -

STATEMENT

On the day of October 1952 at the hours of 0920 to 1030 A.M. Brooks Air Force Base, I saw hovering in the sky at about 40,000 feet a silvery object which actually stayed as if in one place. Then glancing off to the Northwest, I saw this silvery object traveling at a terrific rate of speed then some straight line then another straight line and then disappear. Captain --- called my attention across and then up at a terrific rate of speed. The other silvery object hovered above for about an hour or so and finally left. The second object flew in another direction which I believe was Westerly.

S/Sgt ---
8th RSM
Brooks AFB, Texas


- page 8 -

STATEMENT NE

I was shown an object in the sky located approximately 15° East South East of directly overhead. Object appeared circular and metallic or white in color. Difficult to estimate size or height of object as light was being reflected from it. Object had appearance of Morning Stars. Did not move or flicker in any way. Wind was from East. Object did not drift. Noticed it for approximately ten minutes. It was still there then 1 left. There were two closely spaced of material white floating in the sky at approximately fifty feet, they quickly passed from view. These were not the objects.

8th RSM
Brooks AFB, Texas


- page 9 -

