PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

INYOKERN CALIF

DATE OF OBSERVATION: 23 Aug 52
TIME OF OBSERVATION: 27/2000 PST
DATE OF REPORT: 23/0600 Z
PHOTOS: C Yes

LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 min
SOURCE: 4 civilians

NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
COURSE: 

Brief Summary:
Round object which changed color rapidly observed over Mojave desert. Object moved across sky, then shot straight down. Source claims object was 40-50 miles altitude.


- page 1 -

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1950

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM 5904th Composite Wing
Stand Air Force Base, Reno, Nev

REPORT NO.

PAGE       OF       PAGES

STATEMENT OF                     BROTHER OF
RESIDING AT                      RENO, NEVADA

Col Harrington:   Lt.            , the PMST at the University of Nevada called me by telephone this morning stating that you had seen some mysterious objects in the sky. Will you tell us about these?

Mr.                I was coming from Los Angeles to Bishop last weekend and I spotted this thing that kept moving. It was at night between 10:00 and 10:30 p.m. near Inyokern in the Mojave. When I first saw it it was quite large. It looked about that big around (demonstrated size with his hand) and I would say about anyone one mile high and it kept turning from a light silver through gold and bright red and then a lavender shade and it did that about every two seconds. It changed complete color from blue through orange to red and it kept rotating in different colors. We were travelling northwest and we kept looking at it for some time. I saw it move, it moved all the time. Eventually it shot straight down and left a vapor behind it. It didn't go off to an angle, it went straight down.

Col Harrington:   What was the shape?

Mr.                I had a telescope along and we spotted and sighted it through the telescope. It was perfectly round and it had a glow. It was a little over 1100 p.m. I could not see if there were any wings or anything on it. It was perfectly round.

Col Harrington:   What about would have been its size on the ground?

Mr.                It looked pretty big to me. I could not say just how big but it was very big. It was perfectly round, not like the cars. It looked like a 50¢ piece through the telescope and the last time I saw it was about as big as a dime. My telescope is not very large.

Col Harrington:   Could it have been the landing lights on a plane?

Mr.                No. Definitely not. And it was not that silver round disc and it was not that. I work for Firestone on Firestone Boulevard in Los Angeles and I've seen landing missiles and rockets. It looked a big thing, a pretty big size and it was definitely not an aeroplane.

Col Harrington:   Are you familiar with the modern types of aircraft?

Mr.                Yes, I am.

Col Harrington:   Did it seem similar to anything you have seen before?


- page 2 -

AF FORM 112- PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1954

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: 4708th Composite Wing
Stead AFB, Reno, Nevada

REPORT NO.                      PAGE 3     OF 3     PAGES

Col Harrington: How long did you look at it before you mentioned it to the others?

Mr. [redacted]: Maybe 10 or 15 minutes. I just asked them what it was then we stopped the car and got out and put the telescope on the top of the car. I first saw it right above the car.

Col Harrington: How did you happen to have the telescope with you?

Mr. [redacted]: We sighted in our guns on Labor Day, I think it was, and we took the telescope along and I just left it in the car.

Col Harrington: Did you report this to anyone else?

Mr. [redacted]: No, I did not. People seem to think you are out of your head if you mention it.

Col Harrington: And what do you think?

Mr. [redacted]: I think it seemed logical. I have never seen anything like it before. It was huge, whatever it was.

Col Harrington: How about speed? Could you make any guess as to the speed?

Mr. [redacted]: It was not going too fast. I could not tell because it was going so high up. I could not tell. I could see as I was moving it along the stars when it kept passing the stars and it was going at the same time. When it came down it really did move. Then I first saw it in 20 or 40 miles an hour when I last saw it. When I first saw it it was about as big as a silver dollar.

Col Harrington: Can you see that high up?

Mr. [redacted]: Yes, you can.

Col Harrington: Was the night clear?

Mr. [redacted]: Yes, there were not clouds and it was very clear. You could see every star up there and the last time I saw it was as big as a dime.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112—PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1950

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

396th Composite Wing
Stead Air Force Base, Reno, Nev

Mr. [redacted]: No and I put three years in the Navy and did a lot of watches and I could distinguish aeroplanes and anything like that, but I never saw anything like this before.

Col Harrington: This was in the vicinity of Inyokern on Saturday, 27 Sept 52?

Mr. [redacted]: Yes, it was a week ago last Saturday.

Col Harrington: And it was at night, between 10 and 10:30 p.m.

Mr. [redacted]: Yes. It was just like a silver dollar with a shine on the outside. It was silver and then it was dark with a glow inside. You could see through the telescope it went all through the different colors. It was green and silver and on the outside it was going through all the different rays.

Col Harrington: Was it moving fast?

Mr. [redacted]: No. - it was going to the northeast because I sighted it by the stars and in trying panning till the stars are in view and then it went and then it stopped and then went maybe to the northwest a little bit and then suddenly it went straight down with a flame following. Not a large flame, but just a small flame.

Col Harrington: Approximately where would you say it came down?

Mr. [redacted]: In Mystery Las Vegas, I imagine, on the Nevada side. It first looked about five miles away and the last time it located 140 miles. It just kept getting smaller and smaller.

Col Harrington: Apparently going to the northeast?

Mr. [redacted]: Yes.

Col Harrington: That would be in Death Valley possibility in the vicinity of Daylight Pass. Who else was with you at the time and saw it?

Mr. [redacted]: My wife was with me and another couple.

Col Harrington: Who were they?

Mr. [redacted]: [redacted] and his wife [redacted] from Los Angeles.

Col Harrington: And the four of you observed this object in the sky?

Mr. [redacted]: Yes.

Col Harrington: Who first saw it?

Mr. [redacted]: I did. I first saw the different colors change from silver through orange than red and then dark purple and then back to silver again.


- page 4 -

AF FORM 118-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1950

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: 3904th Composite Wing
Stead Air Force Base, Reno, Nev

REPORT NO.                                                                  PAGE    1   OF   PAGES

AMND 000.9                                                                  6 October 1952

SUBJECT: Report of Mysterious Object Seen in the Sky

TO:    Commanding General
        Headquarters Sixth Army
        Presidio of San Francisco, California

1. The undersigned was notified today by Lt Col James D. Loesvis, Infantry, PWST at the University of Nevada, that a man named [redacted] presently residing at [redacted] observed a mysterious object in the sky between 2200 and 2230 hours on 27 September 1952. The object was observed from the vicinity of Inyokern, California, while Mr. [redacted] and others was enroute to Reno. Mr. [redacted] visited this headquarters and told his story to Capt Evans, Section, 3904th Composite Wing, Stead Air Force Base, Reno, Nevada. Capt Evans is the officer designated by the Command as Officer, Stead Air Force Base, as the Air Force representative concerned with this nature.

2. Transcript of the conversation pertaining to the mysterious object is enclosed herewith.

3. A copy of this letter and the enclosure has been forwarded to the Commanding Officer, Stead Air Force Base, Reno, Nevada, for his information and suitable action.

1 Incl
Trans of Rpt (depy)                                                         J.H. HARRINGTON
                                                                             Colonel        Arty
                                                                             Chief

Copy Furnished:
CO, Stead Air Force Base
Reno, Nevada


- page 5 -

Visible text on the page:

1
E

Encl. (4)

The page appears to be a document with multiple circular markings and very little legible text. The number "1" and the letter "E" are written at the top of the page, and "Encl. (4)" is written at the bottom.


- page 6 -

