The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
15 Apr 52
2. LOCATION
Santa Cruz, Calif.
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local - 1940 PST
GMT - 0300 16/03/52
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual
[ ] Air-Visual
[ ] Ground-Radar
[ ] Air-Intercept Radar
5. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No
6. SOURCE
male civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6-8 seconds
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2
9. COURSE
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Circular, Straight and level maneuvers.
11. COMMENTS
Objects were same as 2" at 50'.
Source appears to be very reliable.
12. CONCLUSIONS
[ ] Was Balloon
[ ] Probably Balloon
[ ] Possibly Balloon
[ ] Was Aircraft
[ ] Probably Aircraft
[ ] Possibly Aircraft
[ ] Was Astronomical
[ ] Probably Astronomical
[ ] Possibly Astronomical
[ ] Other
[] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
[X] Unknown

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

B/L fr 33;04th Camp Wg to Oe, SAO Subject: Report of Flying Object
ID 319.1
BING 350 (2Xkiy52)
HEADQUARTERS STRATEGIC AIR COMMAND, Offutt Air Force Base, Omaha, Nebraska : MAY 1952
TO: Commanding General- Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. ATTN: APOIN-ATIAI
Forwarded for your information.
FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

1 Incl

n/c

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a report of a flying object submitted to various military and intelligence entities.

HEADQUARTERS
2904-TH COMPOSITE WING
Reno, Nevada 

SUBJECT: Report of Flying Object

TO:   Commanding General
      Strategic Air Command
      Office of Air Force Base
      Omaha, Nebraska
ATTN: Directorate of Intelligence

1. The attached letter was recently submitted by M/Sgt of this Wing to the Directorate of Intelligence, USAF Composite Wing.

2. M/Sgt enjoys a reputation of considerable repute within this organization. He describes his brother, the writer of the attached letter, as a man of outstanding integrity and has had many years employment as a fire department employee.

3. The letter and attached drawing are submitted for possible forwarding to Air Force Headquarters or for any other disposition decided upon by your headquarters. 

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

I. Incl
Drawing & Ltr
Captain, USAF
Assistant

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing handwritten text.

OCR output:

April 13th, 1952.

Dear [redacted],

Got not set for a rather odd deal and you can't se ie it'a what I'n about to tell you send no help as it'a who raggio.

One of our shooters recently lost his club tergorarily and insisted that I keep his arms for shooting sport he could not take it over not having one of ly own. Last Tuesday evening we were favored with a complimentary showing of motion picture film of scenery and flight from Washington to California. The film was considered quite a thriller and was shown to a group about 30 in number. Prior to the showing I nentioned the matter of his arms and requested the return of some. The following evening he left, leaving, so to speak, 12 minutes late. Thereafter I attempted to reach him by telephoning, but without success. I aniled myself by handling the functions of my presidency at's ? Club meetings but they were suspended over this crisis not having had a meeting for some time.

Where is still a little doubt as to the extent I might in the west am I began to work on a group of straw that will be light and to the 22 January which is slated to move the point to another position when I caught too very quiet and notice it receiving from the condition on a Sunday afternoon at a speed. That seems to be the case the same with others.
Their gone down views. At first I thought they were false, little realion tha nay could very high and added for the case. No soone we arrived, Complete silence horken only my the whoosharong sound of my swveled ears. Couplets stillness seemed to look at us as we sat under my seventh sde.

I have made several checks on lights conditions, star positions, relative distance and staff every evesing since then and scene should indicate a tie fish direction no activity or signs were noticed. Could, we midn pro- pectively be that night to have been well into in the thinrange of our telescopic observation, but at the time ive looked at hit was very far in our atnotgpberu. early thal it would have caused to think to sunk or could have the. And if they were very cub snoopecns pods to have been well at the presence of gis and their speed would have been nuch us in the thousands.

Now, I don't which of a danger, naut whatever, account for douplets that I have had no much action no how have no more done inching or il invited to fill out
low as ire here do and they would have been well in the thinrange of our telescopic observations, but at the time ive looked at hit was very far in our atnotgpberu. early that it would have caused to think to sunk or could have the. And if they were very cub snoopecns pods to have been well at the presence of gas and their speed would have been nuch us in the thousands.

Now, I don't which of a danger, naut whatever, account for douplets that I have had no much action no how have no more done inching or il invited to fill out

- page 4 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a bright object in the sky, possibly a UFO sighting, as described in the text. The text mentions that the Aitch Pore had sighted several of these objects near the Yerba Buena Reservoir, and provides additional details about the sighting.

OCR output:

the Alch Pose had sighted several or these CRUisers near
the Yerba Buenla ttescrvoir I saw these Thursclay ecening, Apeil 15,
at about 7;40 P.1.
As panding you a rough sketch of the discutsion
of these sightings and the light I saw (according to your letrer). The light
seemed to be a good way off, say 2 or 3 miles, and it was visible for
about 5 minutes. Now, since this picture is of pous own making, and
looks the uest, how come this picture is not the sane as the one I
and hope to be able to give you later. It gives us an idea
of what you see the light to be. from what you sn it had just come
out of a cloud on the Tight, and the picture is of your sketch. I wish
there is to be the vague and inconspicuous
What i've written you're welcome to save is to those it not,
is up to you to delete it. However, you chose to do'with it. As I say,
we there's a vemon chance a couple of blocks away and
it closer up. It this is all that suits it is what you've got'as there
nany surprises.

Hoping you are the same.

yours sinccrely.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an "EXTRACT FROM STATUS REPORT #___" document.

DATE: 15 Apr 52
TIME (Local): 1940
LOCATION: Santa Cruz, Calif.
LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED: 6 seconds
SOUND: Unheard
SPEED: 600-800 MPH
ALTITUDE: 1,500-2,000'
HEADING: NE
SOURCE: Civilian
ACTION OR COMMENTS: No comments
DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT: "A bright reddish object crossed from horizon in six seconds. Dwindling to pinpoint.

- page 6 -

