The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card with various fields filled out to document a UFO sighting.

Project 10073 record card
1. DATE: 25 APR 52
2. LOCATION: Fargo, North Dakota
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 2100 CST
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. SOURCE: Several civilians
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: verified 
9. COURSE: -
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Reddish color, round, straight and level. Proved to be ducks. Reflecting city lights.
11. COMMENTS: Several flights of V-shaped formation.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was real, Probably Balloon, Possibly Balloon, Was Aircraft, Possibly Aircraft, Was Astronomical, Possibly Astronomical, Other - Insufficient Data for Evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, but it does not contain any photographs. 

Here is the text output from the OCR:

UNCLASSIFIED

45724 Commanding General, 
Fargo 11 North Dakota
REPORT: Report of Unidentified Airborne Objects

TO: Commanding General 
Air Materiel Command
ATTN: MCIAT-2
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 
Dayton, Ohio

1. In compliance with APGC 200-2 dated 11 April 1952, the following report is being submitted:

2. The following information is not the result of an official or authorized investigation of the unidentified sighting, but rather unofficial data secured from a reliable civilian source.

Fargo, North Dakota - On or about 21.5 hours 27 April 1952, a call was received at the Fargo Police Department from an individual who reported having observed several unidentified objects in the sky over Fargo. The caller stated that from his observation post in the northwestern part of the city, he had observed a number of objects which appeared to be moving at a high rate of speed. He described the objects as being circular in shape, and said that they maneuvered in a manner which he described as "fantastic". He stated that the objects appeared to be silent and that their color was a pale, silvery-white. According to the caller, the objects were observed for a period of approximately 15 minutes, after which time they disappeared.

b. Initial sightings between 2100 and 2130 hours, after which time they disappeared. The caller could not provide any additional information concerning the appearance or actions of the objects, other than that which has been previously stated.

c. Number of objects observed - unknown. The caller stated that several objects were observed, but did not give an exact count.

d. Location of observer was on the northwestern part of Fargo, North Dakota in the vicinity of 59th Avenue South and 55th Street North. This area is located in a residential district of Fargo.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document, specifically a Project Blue Book report from April 1952 regarding an unidentified flying object sighting in Fargo, North Dakota.

Text transcribed from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
DATE: 6 April 1952
AIRWORTHINESS DIRECTIVE
The following were classified (Confidential) on the information of N.C.D. Airman, Technical Personnel:
Material Police Dept.
Air Policeman Dept.
Asad Farrell, 17, College, Fargo, Nd.
In the initial, four (2) miles per hour.
While flight, there was no definite, astronomical or otherwise indication which flight has indicated over the airfield.
In the photograph, there were seen some of the blinking lights. There were a definite and significant physical evidence.
The description was made or attempted, for more definite information. The person authorities has received this report.
This report was classified confidential, was prepared at 0930 hours, 27 April 1952 and was not forwarded via normal channels. This headquarters has been notified in the recent communication
FAIR J. CALKINS
Captain, USAF
Intelligence Officer

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

- page 3 -

This page of the Project Blue Book report does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

"CONFIDENTIAL
HEADQUARTERS
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON
SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Aerial Objects
TO: Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
ATTN: MCINT-2
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. This is in accordance with AFCI 200-2 dated 14 April 1952, which requires the reporting of all unidentified aerial objects observed within the United States to tais headquarters.

2. The information below was gathered by the undersigned and observed first hand, rather than as a hearsay as in the reported.

3. As mentioned, tnis Airforce object was reported to 82/4 airway air traffic control point and several locations at the Minneapolis St. Paul International Airport (Wold-Chamberlain Field), very early on the morning of 22 April 1952. The control tower operator on duty and the base operations officer on duty at that time confirmed the object visually.

4. To satisfy his own curiosity, the undersigned proceeded to the outskirts of Fargo, North Dakota, about 4000 hours on 22 April 1952, equipped vith a pair of 7x50 binoculars.

5. As to the 21.5 hours several trails were observed, hovever, no object was seen visually. Also illuminated trails covering a distance of about 3 miles were observed, but no aircraft was spotted causing such illumination. This together with the strange illumination, thus causing the strange illumination.

6. Nothing characteriatic of the reported object could be seen with the binoculars. The only observations were the illumlnated trails as described.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS: PAUL J. SANDERS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10
Statistician, Commanding

UNCLASSIFIED CONFIDENTIAL"

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically about an incident that occurred on April 25, 1952 in Fargo, North Dakota.

UNCLASSIFIED
APPENDIX I

Fargo, North Dakota - 25 April 1952

I. DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT
Between 2100 and 2145 hours on 25 April 1952, eight observers reported sighting unidentified flying discs which appeared in a wide sky formation. There were five discs per flight and a total of five flights at eight minute intervals. The direction of flight was constantly south to north.
The formation was described as a wide "V", irregular or more specifically, sloping. All eight discs piloted, if such is the case, appeared to have trouble maintaining constant speed and altitude.

II. STATUS OF THE INVESTIGATION
The Commanding Officer, District #20, 462nd Ground Observer Squad, Fargo Filter Center, Fargo, North Dakota, followed up the report personally. He proceeded to the top (66th floor) of the Black Building in Fargo, North Dakota, at about 2030 hours on 28 April 1952 equipped with binoculars, highspeed cameras, telescopes, etc., and noted the mysterious flights. A number of local citizens shared his vigil with him.

III. CONCLUSIONS
The unidentified discs seen traveling very high and fast, and of bright red and orange color were identified by the above observers (II) as being migrating mallard and teal ducks.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
FOR DIR ECDC 10

UNCLASSIFIED 13                T52-11949

- page 5 -

There appears to be no photograph or image included in this page of the Project Blue Book document. The document appears to be a written report on an unidentified airborne object sighting.

DETACHMENT 2
4672D Ground Observer Squadron
Fargo Filter Center
Fargo, North Dakota

27 April 1952 

SUBJECT: Report of Unconventional Airborne Objects

TO:   Commanding General
Air Material Command
Attention: ASTN
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. In compliance with AFCIN 200-2 dated 11 april 1952, the following report is respectfully submitted.

2. The following information is not the result of an observation of the unidentified objects simply because evidence from civilians or members of the public. On 25 April 1952, a call from the Fargo Police Department was received by this writer. The reason for the call was that citizens had observed "VERY HIGH" directly over the City of Moorhead, Minnesota between 2100 and 2145 hours. The gloveing objects maintained an altitude of approximately eight (8) minutes apart. Direction of flight was east to west. No sound from the objects. It was apparent. No electronic equipment was available for use. 

3. Manner of observation was visual and no binoculars or other optical assistants were employed. Speed, altitude, and type of aircraft were unknown. Only duration of events was a glowing ball. No electronic equipment was present which was available for use.

4. Location of observer was on Southwest corner of Third Avenue South and Sixth Street, South in Moorhead, Minnesota. Objects were sited directly overhead moving north. Altitude unknown.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report dated April 27, 1952, regarding an unclassified subjects report of unconventional airborne objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

Dept. # 2, 46726 and Obsq. Subjects Report of Unconventional 27 April 1952

Airborne Objects

UNCLASSIFIED

The following were observers (adults listed only) of the 
Patrolman Moorhead Police Dept.
Mrs. Moorhead Police Dept.
Mrs. Moorhead, MN
Mrs. Moorhead, MN

Doctor Becker ND Agricultural College, Fargo ID

Weather was excellent, no ceiling or clouds, wind from the south, four (4) miles per hour.

There were no activities, meteorological or otherwise which might have accounted for the sighting. 

No photographs were taken of the sightings. There were no fragments or physical evidence of the sightings.

No interception was made or attempted, nor was identification by the proper authorities possible.

This report, classified confidential, was prepared at 0900 hours 27 April 1952 and will go forward via airmail to the prescribed headquarters.

PAUL J. GADGET
Captain USAF
Detachment Commander

UNCLASSIFIED CONFIDENTIAL

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report titled "Report of Unconventional Airborne Objects" dated April 29, 1952.

UNCLASSIFIED
1672nd Ground Observer Squadron
Fargo Pilotot Center
Fargo, North Dakota

29 April 1952

SUBJECT: Report of Unconventional Airborne Objects

TO: Commanding General
Air Defense Command
ATTN: I-2013
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. In compliance with ADCI 200-1, dated 11 April 1952, the following information on report of unconventional airborne objects dated 27 April 1952, is respectfully submitted:

2. The information below was gathered by the undersigned and observed first hand, rather than as was submitted in report 27 April 1952.

a. The airborne objects referred to as discs by several citizens of Moorhead, Minnesota and Fargo, North Dakota, traveling high, very fast, bright red and orange color, seen on or about 25 April 1952, have turned out to be normal lights.

b. To satisfy his own curiosity, the undersigned proceeded to the top of the First floor at the City of Fargo, North Dakota, about 2030 hours on 28 April 1952, equipped with binoculars, high speed camera, and recorded the variations in flights.

c. On or about 2115 hours several tall tanks passed over, high fast, and bright. Faint flashing lights near the tanks was also noted. Other aircraft of various types followed, also illuminated and were positively identified by checking silhouettes with various flight manuals.

The strange illumination at first noted was picked up by the search lights used on the ground level, lending a further strange appearance to the objects. Lighting glare, the difference in both of these factors caused the subjects to show up more closely by both of these factors. The undersigned concluded the strange illumination thus causing the strange appearance.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

PAUL J. GADDIS
Captain, USAF
Detachment Commander

- page 8 -

