PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
10 Oct 52

2. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 01/0940 CST
GMT: 02/0410 Z

3. PHOTOS
XXX%

4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
22 min

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Round, milky-white object the size of a basketball at arm's length, remained at stationary position for 5-10 minutes, then moved across sky in smooth circular path at "extremely fast" speed.

LOCATION
PASCAGOULA MISS

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XXX Ground-Visual
□ Air-Visual
□ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
4 Civilians

6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

7. COURSE
WSW

11. COMMENTS
[No comments written]

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
XXX Unknown

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 30 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper, if necessary.

[Handwritten text, partially illegible, appears to read:]
I don't think it was a
cloud as some people have said.
Because at its altitude it would
It was traveling - it would have
broken up etc.

Page 8 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 2 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

27 October 1952

Hss Point, Mississippi

Dear Mr.

Your recent report of unidentified aerial phenomena has been received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center. Enclosed is a questionnaire, which, when completed by you and returned in the enclosed, self-addressed envelope, will in pending the data and will provide a complete record of the occurrence.

Your interest in reporting the matter and your public spirited desire to be of service are greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,
ROBERT S. KENNEDY
Major, USAF
Air Adjutant General

2 Incls
a/s

Misc - 8Cln
Cannot Incite


- page 3 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE                375.02

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object?
1.1 Date:    1    10    52
           Day   Month   Year

1.2 Time of day:   1    40    A.M. or P.M.    (Circle One)
               Hrs.   Min.

1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):                 d. Pacific
    a. Eastern                               e. Other
    b. Central
    c. Mountain
    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                  b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are
    of your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain                               c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain                        d. Just a guess

2. Where did you see the object?
    [Postal Address redacted]    PASCAGOULA MISS.    U.S.A.
                                 City or Town    State    Country

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
    (Circle One): a. Inside a building            d. In an airplane
                  b. In a car                     e. At sea
                  c. Outdoors                     f. Other

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                  b. In the residential section of a city?
                  c. In open countryside?
                  d. Flying near an airfield?
                  e. Flying over a city?
                  f. Flying over open country?
                  g. Other


- page 4 -

4. How did you happen to notice the object? [Partially illegible handwritten response]

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
2   10   53
Day   Month   Year

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? [Partially illegible handwritten response]

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Try to list the activity or activities, and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
[Partially illegible handwritten response]

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes or No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions.
7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One):   a. North   g. South
                b. Northeast   f. Southwest
                c. East   e. West
                d. Southeast   h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

Page 2 is printed at the top right of the document.


- page 5 -

8. What direction were you facing when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North            c. South
             b. Northeast       d. Southwest
             c. East            e. West
             d. Southeast       f. Northwest

8.1 What direction were you facing when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North            c. South
              b. Northeast       d. Southwest
              c. East            e. West
              d. Southeast       f. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above two questions. (8 and 8.1).
     a. Certain           c. Not very sure
     b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes or No

10. How was the object seen?
    (Circle One): a. Through window glass    c. Through theodolite
                 b. Through windshield      f. Through sun glasses
                 c. Through binoculars      g. Through open space
                 d. Through telescope       h. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
     a. Clear sky          d. Thick or heavy clouds
     b. Hazy               e. Don't remember
     c. Scattered clouds

11.2 WIND (Circle One)
     a. No wind            c. Strong wind
     b. Slight breeze      d. Don't remember

11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
     a. Dry                d. Moderate or heavy rain
     b. Fog, Mist, or light rain   e. Don't remember
     c. Snow

11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
     a. Cold               d. Hot
     b. Cool               e. Don't remember
     c. Warm


- page 6 -

SECTION G

12. Estimate how long you saw the object?
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
     your answer to Question 12:
     a. Certain     c. Not very sure
     b. Fairly sure    d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) SOLID or Transparent?

14. Did the object at any time:
    (Circle One for each question)
    14.1 Change direction?        Yes   No   Don't know
    14.2 Change speed?             Yes   No   Don't know
    14.3 Change size?              Yes   No   Don't know
    14.4 Change color?             Yes   No   Don't know
    14.5 Break up into parts or
         explode?                  Yes   No   Don't know
    14.6 Give off smoke?           Yes   No   Don't know
    14.7 Change brightness?        Yes   No   Don't know
    14.8 Flicker, throb, or
         pulsate?                  Yes   No   Don't know
    14.9 Remain motionless?        Yes   No   Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't know
    15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? Illegible

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
    16.1 Sound    None
    16.2 Color    Grayish, white

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to
    show the direction they were traveling.


- page 7 -

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes   (No)   Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pea
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk

f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other _______

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the objects:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? _______ feet
20.2 How far was it from you? _______ feet or _______ miles
20.3 How fast was it going? _______ miles per hour
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly   b. Gradually   c. Other   d. Don't remember


- page 8 -

Page 6

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

Overhead
Horizon
Your eye

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead
Horizon
Your eye
Horizon

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

Horizon


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes     No

26.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I do not know what the object was or what might have caused it. I can positively say however, that I never witnessed anything like it before.

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? [redacted]
Age 46
Sex MALE
Last School Attended TULANE UNIVERSITY
Year of last attendance at this school GRADUATED


- page 10 -

Page 8

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Names and addresses are redacted/blacked out]
PASCAGOULA, MISS.

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper if necessary.

The one fact outstanding in this sighting was the fact that the whole visible area of the sky on the night of the phenomenon was crystal clear - not a single wisp of cloud could be observed. The slight under discussion of the two bright objects were in the whole heavens.


- page 11 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

27 October 1952

Mrs. [redacted]
Pascagoula, Miss.

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

Your recent report of unidentified aerial phenomena has been received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center. Enclosed is a questionnaire, which, when completed by you and returned in the enclosed, self-addressed envelope, will aid in remanding the data and will provide a complete record of the occurrence.

Your interest in reporting the matter and your public spirited desire to be of service are greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]
ROBERT E. KENNEDY
Major, USAF
Air Adjutant General

2 Incls
a/s


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

COUNTRY: USA

REPORT NO: TR-75-52 (AFCRC)

AREA REPORTED: Southeastern Mississippi

FROM (Agency): Flying Intelligence Office
Keesler AFB, Mississippi

DATE OF SIGHTING: 1 October 1952 DATE OF INFORMATION: 1 October 1952 EVALUATION: None

PERIOD OF SIGHTING: 26 September to 29 April 1952

SUMMARY:
1. At approximately 1900 hours, CST, 1 October 1952, Mrs. [redacted] while standing in the yard of her ground residence at [redacted] Charnley Street in Pascagoula, Mississippi. The object, sighted by [redacted] was circular and metallic in appearance. It was observed in (10) ten minutes. At the same time a five (5) minute observation was made in a west-southwest direction, changing to a northerly direction. The object moved in a smooth climbing path until it disappeared from sight to the Northeast. The observer continued the chase in her car, holding at arm's length the object. Its estimation of speed other than "relatively slow" was circular, very smooth, no trail or exhaust was noted by observer.

2. The period of observation was estimated as being approximately two (2) to twenty-five (25) minutes.

APPROVED:
[Signature]
BILL G. JONES, JR.
Major, USAF
Intelligence Officer

[Bottom of document contains distribution instructions and a warning about reproduction of the document]


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1949

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: (Location)
Wing Intelligence Office
Keesler AFB, Mississippi

REPORT NO.
FIR-73-52 (ATRG)

PAGE 2 OF 4 PAGES

PRIORITY

Information Pertaining to Object Sightings

1. Shape:
The shape of the object was reported as being roundy and then oblong.

2. Size:
The observer estimated the object as being somewhat larger than a standard basketball held at arms' length.

3. Color:
Observer reported the color of the object as being milky-white.

4. Numbers:
One (1).

5. Formations:
Not applicable.

6. Aerodynamic Features:
No aerodynamic features were observed.

7. Trail or Exhaust:
No trail or exhaust was observed.

8. Propulsion System:
None observed.

9. Speed:
No estimation of speed other than "extremely fast" was given by observer.

10. Sounds:
Negative.

11. Maneuvers:
The object was sighted in a stationary position; it began to traverse the sky, changing into an oblong shape, in a smooth circular path until it disappeared from sight to the Northeast.

NOTE: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U. S. C...
[rest of bottom disclaimer text is partially illegible]


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

[Redacted header information]

REPORT NO. IR-73-52 (ATRO)    PAGE 3 OF 4    PAGE

14. Manner of disappearance:
Object traversed the sky in a smooth circular path until it disappeared from sight.

13. Time sighted:
Approximately 1940 hours, CDT, 1 October 1952. Period of observation was estimated as being approximately twenty-two (22) minutes.

14. Manner of observations:
Visual observation from a surface location.

15. Location of observer and object, respectively:
The observer:
Location: 1114 Williams Street, Pascagoula, Mississippi

The object:
Distance: No estimation of distance was advanced by the observer.
Direction: The object was first sighted back of observer's position.
Altitude: No estimation of altitude other than "very high" was made by observer.

16. Information on observer:
Name: [Redacted], Pascagoula, Mississippi
Age: [Redacted]
Occupation: Housewife
Estimate of reliability: (Covers appeared to be well above average in intelligence, serious, credulous and cooperative.

Information on witnesses:
Name: Mr. [Redacted], Pascagoula, Mississippi
Age: [Redacted]
Occupation: Newspaper editor, Ingalls Shipbuilding Corporation, Pascagoula, Mississippi
Estimate of reliability: Witness appeared to be intelligent, serious and well aware of the significance of his statement.

[Footer note about document classification and transmission restrictions]


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: Intelligence Office
Pascagoula AFS, Mississippi

REPORT NO.
IR-75-52 (ATRO)

PAGE 4 OF 4 PAGES

Name: Mrs. [redacted], Pascagoula, Mississippi
Occupation: Housewife
Estimate of reliability: Witness appeared to be intelligent, helpful, and aware of the significance of her statement.

Name: Mr. [redacted], Moss Point, Mississippi
Occupation: Draftsman, Ingalls Shipbuilding Corporation, Pascagoula, Mississippi
Estimate of reliability: Witness appeared to take sighting rather lightly, was helpful, aware of his statement.

17. Weather and winds aloft conditions:
See Inclosure 1 hereto.

18. Activity or condition, meteorological or otherwise, which might account for sighting:
Unknown.

19. Existence of physical evidence:
Negative.

20. Interception or identification action taken:
Negative.

21. Air traffic in area:
Unknown.

COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICER:
The reporting agency of this sighting was not contacted regarding the incident in 3 October 1952. Consequently, the excessive time lapse between date of information and date of report.

The "cloud blasts" heard by the observer was caused by a human cannonball-type of gun present at a local County fair.

[Signature]
Major, USAF
Intelligence Officer

NOTE: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, SO U.S.C...


- page 16 -

WINDS ALOFT SITUATION FOR PASCAGOULA
AND SURROUNDING AREA

DATE: 1 OCTOBER 1951

PERIOD COVERED: 1900CST TO 2200CST

HEIGHT: 4,5830 FEET ABOVE MEAN SEA LEVEL

DESCRIPTION:
A LOW PRESSURE CENTER CURRENTLY CENTERED OVER THE HUDSON BAY
AREA IS PRODUCING A FLOW OF AIR FROM THE DIRECTION OF WEST
SOUTHWEST AT A SPEED OF SIXTY(60) KNOTS.

SHAFER D. CASE, JR.
2D LT., USAF
WEATHER OFFICER


- page 17 -

STATEMENT

At approximately 1940 hours, we the undersigned, heard a loud blast which caused us to run outdoors. 1 October 1952). Looking up into the sky, we sighted a round, ponderout-shaped object. The object, locally called our problem, to 1/2. Thoughts, elliptical in color, appeared to be in a direction (east of car position) in the west.

Pascagoula, Mississippi the object appeared to remain stationary for a period of approximately five (5) to ten (10) minutes. It then began to move in a fast southward towards, changing from a circular shape to oblong as it traversed the sky to the southwest, at which point the object faded from sight. We observed no trail or exhaust coming from the object, no propulsion system was observed. Although we cautiously estimated the speed of the object, not knowing the altitude (believed to be very high) or distance of the object from our ground position, we believe the speed to have been extremely fast. The period of observation was approximately twenty-two (22) minutes.

Pascagoula, Mississippi
[Remainder of page contains blacked out/redacted sections]


- page 18 -

STATEMENT

At approximately 1930 - 2000 hours, 1 October 1952, I, the undersigned, heard an explosion as I was driving near Pascagoula, Pascagoula, Mississippi. I noticed a strange, colored object in the sky.

Suddenly, called to me and pointed out a small, colored object in the sky. I observed that it had been circular in shape, and at this time, I then made close observations as it traversed the sky. The object moved in a straight line but changed to a height to the Northeast of my ground position.

I heard no sounds or witnessed no trail or exhaust coming from the object which appeared grayish-metallic in color. I estimate the line of observation as taking approximately two (2) to three (3) minutes in length.

Moss Point, Mississippi


- page 19 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object?
1.1 Date: (Notified) 1952
Day     Month     Year

1.2 Time of Day: 7     40     A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
             Hrs.    Mins.

1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
    a. Eastern             d. Pacific
    b. Central             e. Other
    c. Mountain

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                 b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
    your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain             c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain      d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object?
    [Personal details blacked out]
    City or Town     State     Country

    Additional Remarks:

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
    (Circle One): a. Inside a building     d. In an airplane
                 b. In a car              e. At sea
                 c. Outdoors               f. Other

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                 b. In the residential section of a city?
                 c. In open countryside?
                 d. Flying near an airfield?
                 e. Flying over a city?
                 f. Flying over open country?
                 g. Other


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

4. How did you happen to notice the object? Exploring at Country (this land) was outside.

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Blank date fields for Day, Month, Year]

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? Fishing (Turned)

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object?
Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
Having dinner and not being at 20 minutes approx. time of land

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One): No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving
(Circle One): a. North   e. South
             b. Northeast   f. Southwest
             c. East        g. West
             d. Southeast   h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? ______miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes or No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North   e. South
              b. Northeast   f. Southwest
              c. East        g. West
              d. Southeast   h. Northwest


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

8.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North             g. South
             b. Northeast         f. Southwest
             c. East              g. West
             d. Southeast         h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question and preceding question (8 and 8.1):
             a. Certain           c. Not very sure
             b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes     or     No

10. How was the object seen?
    (Circle One): a. Through window glass    c. Through theodolite
                 b. Through windshield       f. Through sunglasses
                 c. Through binoculars       g. Through open space
                 d. Through telescope        h. Other ____________

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)           11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
      a. Clear sky                       a. Dry
      b. Hazy                            b. Fog, Mist, or Light rain
      c. Scattered clouds                c. Moderate or heavy rain
      d. Thick or heavy clouds           d. Snow
      e. Don't remember                  e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)              11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
      a. No wind                         a. Cold
      b. Slight breeze                   b. Cool
      c. Strong wind                     c. Warm
      d. Don't remember                  d. Hot
                                         e. Don't remember

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object?     Hours     22     Minutes     Seconds


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your
answer to Question 12:
a. Certain
b. Fairly sure

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent

14. Did the object at any times:
(Circle One for each question)

14.1 Change direction?         Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.2 Change speed?             Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.3 Change size?              Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.4 Change color?             Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.5 Break up into parts or
     explode?                  Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.6 Give off smoke?           Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.7 Change brightness?        Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.8 Flicker, throb, or
     pulsate?                  Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.9 Remain motionless?        Yes   (No)   Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): (Yes)  No   Don't know
15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? 11-12'17

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
16.1 Sound         Nxnxnxnd
16.2 Color         Extremely 11-12'17

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 3 or 4
Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the
direction they were traveling.

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something?    (Circle One) Yes   (No)   Don't know
     IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.


- page 23 -

Page 5

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
[Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible]

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One)
a. Pea                 f. Automobile
b. Baseball            g. Small airplane
c. Basketball          h. Large airplane
d. Bicycle wheel       i. Dirigible
e. Office desk         j. Other

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19:
a. Certain             c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain      d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? [Partially illegible text]
20.2 How far was it from you? [Partially illegible text]
20.3 How fast was it going? [Partially illegible text]
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain             c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain      d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly     c. Other
             b. Gradually    d. Don't remember

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.
[A diagram is included showing a curved line representing the horizon, with labels for "You", "Overhead", and "Horizon"]


- page 24 -

Page 6

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead

[Diagram showing a semicircle representing the horizon, with a stick figure labeled "You" at the bottom center]

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

[Diagram showing a curved path from point A to point B]

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Two small diagrams of oval/circular objects with arrows indicating movement direction, labeled "Northward" and "Horizon"]


- page 25 -

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes or No

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
(I don't know. It was something moving in the sky, U.S. or anything might be like that)

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? House wife
Age 18
Sex Female

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses: [redacted]

Page 7


- page 26 -

