Here is the text I can read from the document:

Date: 52

Location: Local

Photos: Yes
        No

Length of Observation: 3.17 About 3 minutes

Number of Objects: 1

Comments: Observed by today maintenance mechanic.

The rest of the form fields are either blank or partially illegible. Some checkboxes are visible but their text is not clearly readable.


- page 1 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object:
1.1 Date: 22 April 1952
       Day   Month   Year

1.2 Time of Day: 9:45 To 10:30 A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
                 Hrs.     Min.

1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
    a. Eastern     d. Pacific
    b. Central
    c. Mountain   e. Other _______

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                  b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
    your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain     c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object:
    Postal Address ____________
    City or Town ____________   State ______   Country _______

    Additional Remarks: ____________________

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
    (Circle One): a. Inside a building    d. In an airplane
                  b. In a car             e. At sea
                  c. Outdoors             f. Other _______

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                  b. In the residential section of a city?
                  c. In open countryside?
                  d. Flying near an airfield?
                  e. Flying over a city?
                  f. Flying over open country?
                  g. Other _______


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

4. How did you happen to notice the object?

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
May 10     June     1952
Day        Month    Year
Air Force  Washington D.C.

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object?

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object?
Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount of time spent on each.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes    or    No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One): a. North         e. South
             b. Northeast     f. Southwest
             c. East          g. West
             d. Southeast     h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving?           miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes    or    No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North         e. South
              b. Northeast     f. Southwest
             @c. East          g. West
              d. Southeast     h. Northwest

Note: Some text in the first few lines of questions 4 and 6 is partially illegible.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

8.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North            e. South
             b. Northeast        f. Southwest
             c. East             g. West
             d. Southeast        h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question and preceding question (8 and 8.1):
     a. Certain           c. Not very sure
     b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes    or    No

10. How was the object seen?
    (Circle One): a. Through window glass    e. Through theodolites
                 b. Through windshield       f. Through sunglasses
                 c. Through binoculars       g. Through open space
                 d. Through telescope        h. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)           11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
     a. Clear sky                       a. Dry
     b. Hazy                            b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
     c. Scattered clouds                c. Moderate or heavy rain
     d. Thick or heavy clouds           d. Snow
     e. Don't remember                  e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)             11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
     a. No wind                         a. Cold
     b. Slight breeze                   b. Cool
     c. Strong wind                     c. Warm
     d. Don't remember                  d. Hot
                                        e. Don't remember

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object?
    Hours        20        Seconds
    6 to 10 sec. per group


- page 4 -

Page 4

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your
answer to Question 12:

a. Certain
b. Fairly sure

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent

14. Did the object at any time:
(Circle One for each question)

14.1 Change direction?
14.2 Change speed?
14.3 Change size?
14.4 Change color?
14.5 Break up into parts or
explode?
14.6 Give off smoke?
14.7 Change brightness?
14.8 Flicker, throb, or
pulsate?
14.9 Remain motionless?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know

Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know

Yes

No

Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes

No

Don't know

15.1 If you answered YES, what was the color of the light? Light Cherryred

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
16.1 Sound None Hut Trailed here
16.2 Color Shining cherry red like rock changing the group

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the
direction they were traveling.

[A hand-drawn diagram with various + and x symbols showing object positions and movement directions]

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes

No

Don't know

IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

[Blank line at bottom of page]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes [No] Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes [No] Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
    a. Pea
    b. Baseball
    c. Basketball
    d. Bicycle wheel
    e. Office desk
    f. Automobile
    g. Small airplane
    h. Large airplane
    i. Dirigible
    j. Other [handwritten: level of eye or color]

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
    20.1 How high above the earth was it? [partially illegible numbers]
    20.2 How far was it from you? [illegible] feet or [illegible] miles
    20.3 How fast was it going? [illegible] miles per hour
    20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
        a. Certain
        b. Fairly certain
        c. Not very sure
        d. Just a guess
        [handwritten: size of object unknown]

21. How did the object disappear from view?
    (Circle One): a. Suddenly
               b. Gradually
               c. Other
               d. Don't remember

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.
    [Diagram with Overhead, You, and Horizon labels]


- page 6 -

Page 6

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

[Diagram of a semicircle with "Overhead", "Horizon", and "You" labeled, with a stick figure representing the observer]

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

[Handwritten text is partially illegible, but appears to discuss the object's motion]

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Diagram of two different object shapes with handwritten notes around them, such as "This was not very clear" and "not certain whether"]

13

[Bottom of page has additional handwritten notes about the object's shape]


- page 7 -

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes or No

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I do not know or pretend to, however I am certain it was not jet planes, or other aircraft, lights projected or reflected, or illusions.

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
What is your present job? Student   Aero - Naval Cluster, U.S.N.R.
Age 29
Sex Male

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED]


- page 8 -

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper, if necessary.

These observations were made on a clear cloudless night in our area relatively free of artificial lights. The majority of the observations were made from a position where all lights were blacked out.

I observed these objects change position in space at an amazing rate. The speed and gyrations which these objects displayed in changing from one course could not be duplicated in any airplane. I think it would be significant to know the acting position.

The objects were to make a fairly constant velocity, but so strongly rapid acceleration came observed between objects in a group.

My observations lasted over a period of a hour and 20 minutes in which 20 or more groups of these objects came across the sky. These objects were also observed by our outside total army home a position about 10 miles south west of my location on this same night and approximately the same time.

I hope sincerely that this report has been useful to the ATIC in solving the mystery.

Sincerely yours,

[Location: Ann Arbor, Michigan]


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112--PART 1
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

UNCLASSIFIED
(Classification)

Country: U. S. A.                Report No.: [Blank]

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Subject: Unusual Radar Targets

Area Reported On: Purcellville, Georgia

Date of Report: 7 May 52     Date of Information: 15 Apr 52     From (Agency): [Illegible]     Evaluation: [Illegible]

Prepared by (Officer): [Redacted]

References: (Control number, directive, previous report, etc., as applicable)

Summary: (Enter concise summary of report. Give significance in final one-sent paragraph. List enclosures at lower left. Begin text of report on AF Form 112--Part 1(a))

1. The name of the reporting Intelligence Officers is [Redacted].

2. The incident occurred at circa 15 April 1952 at Purcellville, Georgia.

3. The incident was reported as an unusual radar event.

4. Details of the incident are as follows: [Partially redacted text]
[Some text about radar maintenance, observation of target, maximum expansion, and tracking]

5. The men concerned did not relay the information to the control organization.

[Redacted signature block]

DOWNGRADED AT 5 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

Distribution by Originator
[Note about document transmission and reproduction restrictions]

UNCLASSIFIED
(Classification)


- page 10 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 April 1952

2. LOCATION
Lansing, Michigan

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 21:15-22:40 EST

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. GMT
2/1011

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 Hr - 20 Min.

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Varied in
groups

9. COURSE
Varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Watching drive-in movie, observed 6 groups of UFO's. Groups flew in formation on straight fit path, except for two sps which changed directions. Objects appeared to be cherry red.

11. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
[X] Other, Poss. Bird
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

COMMENTS
Fr description of the objects and their characteristics, it is believed that the UFO's were possible bird flights known to frequently fly over that region on their way to the Great Lakes.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Unit 7 Michigan DC
June 23, 1952

Dear Sirs:

The following is an account of sundry high speed objects observed on the night of April 20 1952, between the hours 2115 to 2235 from a position one mile north of the city limits of Flint, Michigan. I observed at least twenty flights of these objects over the above mentioned period. Most of the flights consisted of two, three, or four objects in a group and to the best of my judgment the objects were in sight from about 16 to 10 seconds, and I estimate they covered a mile in 3 seconds or less.

The official CAA weather at Flint Bishop airport at 2130 was: visibility 12 miles, wind-north westerly, temperature 67° (I neglected to get the dew point). The stars were clearly visible and it was not until about 2300 that a high thin scattered cloud formation started moving from west to east.

On this particular night my wife and I were at a drive-in theater, parked on a heading approximately 070°. The first indication of these objects, there were a red yellow moving across the windshield from south to north, at an elevation of approximately 30°. Its high rate of speed and the difference in the color of this light compared to the path wing light of an aircraft attracted my attention.


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

within a period not exceeding five minutes. I again
slowed the glow, this time in order to obtain a better
view. I proceeded to get out of the car. Upon opening the
door, the interior car light came on. Thinking momentarily, and I then unable to pick up the objects
again. I continued scanning beside the car and in a
lookout while a flight of two came over, this time at
an elevation of 350 to 400. I called my copilot's attention
to these objects and we observed them also. The next
flight shortly after consisted of six, flying almost
directly overhead in a double V formation, one
V directly behind the other.

The color of these objects reminded me a great
deal of the grid lines on a B3 navy drift meter, or
the full range of an illuminated gun sight if the
reticle were adjusted to the proper intensity. I cannot
describe the color as light red to light cherry red and
extending over the entire object. This glow was continuous,
fading only slightly as the object slowed away.

At one particular time I observed two groups.
One group was just fading from sight when I saw
another group on what appeared to be an intersect
course, about 20° different than that of the first
group.

Another group I observed consisted of six objects
also, but this time the forward group was flying now
while the rear group was flying in a right position.
Under this latter group was almost overhead this
formation changed to a V also. The reason I mentioned
this group is because of the rapid separation of


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

IV

this moment, as though the object were under mechanical control and entirely under very positive control. The movement very smoothly and perfectly executed. The craft neither overran the space from or dropped height.

The reason I mentioned the mechanical or automatic control is because of the behavior of another of these group consisting of four objects. This was more of a peculiar shape shift from unable to determine just what type of formation was involved, however they appeared to be in a line. The first three objects clear spaced at equal intervals. The interval between the first and the second in this was about three times the interval between any of the other. Then, in almost an instant this interval was shortened and all objects were then closely spaced. I could not tell whether the last craft slowed down or the other accelerated but the performance indicated very precise control and tremendous flexibility in speed control.

Most of these objects appeared to be on course varying from 305° to 020°. The greatest change in altitude was observed with three objects flying in a formation parallel to the earth of not at altitude of about 70° and on a northerly heading. These objects appeared to have a slightly bank level and as they moved they increased their degree of bank to about 15°. So not believe they changed course like the wind or 050 mile. They disappeared from view. I observed no rotation.

Change in altitude, but I did note in one group of nine that they appeared to be a small


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

IV

amount of vertical bobbing action between a few
of the objects at the tail end of the formation. I
did not see any fire trailing from any of these objects,
or hear any noise. I carefully note to self, that at
my time did I see similar lights or any other color
but the red glow.

These objects did not have vapor trails because
more of the objects were hazy, somewhat obscured and became
of the distinct shape of these objects. It is my opinion
that they were below the ground level of my point
of observation. I further believe these objects were
above 19,000 feet. After these objects passed alone
another their shape was very distinct with one
exception. I could not distinguish the shape of the
last pair now, unless I spent futile to notice them. The
trailing edge of the only object to formulate did not appear
to be distinct either. After I have kept trying gradually to a
very sharp point back far and left. The shape reminded
me a great deal of an oblong shape of saucer or eye.
What appeared to be the only surface at about
midlength was somewhat high speed craft. This appeared
to be high speed rather during a considerable height.
I judge the span to be from 2 to 3 times the length of the
formation as slightly referable. The leading edge of the
wing appeared to sweep back, and the trailing edge
conformed slightly to that of a 15-30° also its location on
the formation was quite visible. However the wing were
of a higher aspect ratio. I know of no aircraft with


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

V

an outline conforming to the shape of these objects.
It is almost impossible to distinguish any shape to
these object either they are just moving away for a
good side view because of the brilliant glows, and
color variation of from this angle they do look a great
deal like foggy balls of fire.

This pilot a licensed pilot for 11 years with
multi and single engine, land and seaplane rating,
also a commercial flight instructor rating. I hold a
commission of lieutenant in the USNR and am a
qualified Naval aviator and many other. At the present
time I am with VP-732, an organized reserve
squadron based at N.A.S. Glenview Ill., Michigan. I
traveled like to add also, that my aircraft recognition
mark in flight training week alone over 15 ago. My
interest in aviation date back to about 1934 and at
the present time I am enrolled in aeronautical
Engineering course at the University of Michigan.

These objects were seen at 2:30 of four people
beside myself at the drive-in theater. These
were another reported sighting, on the west side of
my position. I tried, without success, to locate this
reported sighting of a brilliant illumination. Plane
the altitude about 3300, and saw the same phenomena pass
over this within the night 45 minutes. He stated he
could see no ground.

These sightings occurred on the same day that
a mysterious object was sighted from easily separated
points in western Ontario and pursued by Canadian gates


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

VI

will no success. The news paper failed to mention the time of day, or the direction of flight of this object. On that particular day at about 1430 hrs observed a vapor trail stretching from horizon to horizon and by event, I did not see the craft making this trail but the trail appeared to be fairly new. I have never seen a vapor trail that long in that straight before and I am rather curious if this corresponds to the time of day and direction of flight of the London, Ontario sighting.

I do not consider these objects to be experimental aircraft, guided missiles, yet aircraft, any form of flight projector, reflection, or illusion. Only conclusion is that the red glow is due to heat generated by their motion and the high rate of speed. I certainly greatly appreciate any criticism. Theories, or information. There flying object that this office most will to gain will prove to be of some help. Any further information will be gladly given, if desired.

The report is delayed because I was unaware the airborne is still waiting on this problem, and became of slander and work. This item proved for this.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]
Field of Michigan

7


- page 17 -

