PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 4 May 52
2. LOCATION: Richmond, Texas
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0332 CST
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Air-Visual
5. PHOTOS: No
6. SOURCE: High school student
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 12 seconds
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: [blank]
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Yellowish color. No tail. Erratic. Possibly meteor - except observer had been observing meteors.
11. COMMENTS: Observer had been looking for meteors. Clear night.
12. CONCLUSIONS: [Multiple checkboxes, none appear to be checked]

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Page 6

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead
Horizon                   Horizon
                You

A + B. Same -

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

[Handwritten text that is partially illegible, appears to describe the object's movement and characteristics]

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten text describing the object's shape, including phrases like "like a shivered basket ball", "moved in an ellipse", with directional notations]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): YES or NO

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten: Just the faintest idea!]

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] Teaneck - New Jersey -
City                Zone     State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
What is your present job? Housewife

Age 18
Sex Female

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or NO

29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
4 Teachers from Might School, Nybrook St. Plainview
(Class of Hunter mentioned) "They look an flying
Saucers are describel." I was not with them.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 8

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper, if necessary.

A young girl + her Mother saw the dumbbell lights at 9:15 the same night - watched them sometime. 149 feet Rd. terribly. The most mystical of any previous saw out the night of May 15th - 8 P.M. other phenomena of a different type - All of these were moonlight lights & the aerial phenomena were all seen. Here the whole we call causes. By this I do not mean far away in the sky for they were unquestionably in our strong place, in as was all seen. Then they appeared in that part of the sky where her record was - 15 Wright P.E. Tempo. The description of the recent - Florida affair, outside these like what I saw, only the dumbbell paths of fire next south will the sky, at a time he rate of J speed -

Note: Some text is obscured by black redaction marks, and the handwriting is somewhat difficult to read in places.


- page 4 -

1. Date object was observed Aug. 4, 1952

2. Time object was first seen Around 3:32 A.M. C.S.T.

3. Place from which you observed the object Richmond, Texas

4. How was object observed (naked eye, binoculars, etc.) Naked eye

5. What were you doing when the object was first observed? Observing meteors

6. What attracted your attention to the object? Its presence

7. Path of object.
   a. Direction from which object appeared (degrees or direction) About 110 Degrees a little south of east.

   b. Direction in which object disappeared (degrees or direction) About 25° By.

   c. Elevation object appeared (degrees above horizon) Between 25 and 30°

   d. Elevation object disappeared (degrees above horizon) About Becomes

   e. Shape of flight path of object (straight and level, arched, etc.) Varying in flight, sometimes straight at angles

   f. How did object disappear (grow dimmer, go out suddenly, etc.) Clear Turned fast.

8. Length of time the object was observed Approx. 12 sec.

9. Description of object.
   a. How many objects were seen? One

   b. Apparent size of object? No pileus. Between 2nd and 1st magnitude.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

c. Apparent speed of object? 2 Thousand per second by 1/2 slow

d. Apparent altitude of object? No idea

e. Shape of object? Two for several saucy

f. Color of object? Cool white or yellowish - Dont know best

g. Did object perform any maneuvers, if so describe Yes.
Occasionally moved up a slows

h. Did object make any sound, if so describe None

i. Were any tails or trails seen? No

j. Draw sketch.
[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with a tank-like shape near some trees]

10. What type of day was it (hazy, clear, etc.)? Describe.
Clear night. Very clear. Cool evening - cool breeze.

11. Clouds.
a. Were any clouds in sky at time of observation? No.
If so, how much of sky was covered (overcast, scattered, etc.)

b. Did object pass above, below, or near any clouds?

c. Did object reflect light on the clouds?

12. What is your occupation? Picking the last trip to high school.

13. Any details that cannot be fully explained by the above questions.
Time at distance - some low accurate.

2


- page 6 -

Name
Address
Date

May 24, 1952


- page 7 -

5 MAY 1952 TEANECK, New Jersey

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object:
1.1 Date: 5th May 1952
1.2 Time of Day: 10:45 A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
    a. Eastern
    b. Central
    c. Mountain
    d. Pacific
    e. Other

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                 b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object:
   Atlo Hackay School    Teanfly, N.J. U.S.A.
   Postal Address        City or Town    State   Country

   Additional Remarks: I was at the east part of school.

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
   (Circle One): a. Inside a building    d. In an airplane
                b. In a car             e. At sea
                c. Outdoors             f. Other

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                  b. In the residential section of a city?
                  c. In open countryside?
                  d. Flying near an airfield?
                  e. Flying over a city?
                  f. Flying over open country?
                  g. Other: After noon after


- page 8 -

4. How did you happen to notice the object? Unusual lights flashed three to four times - so I pulled Warren L.

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Aug 25th August 1952

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object?
Driving home from our Mineral River 16 W. F.

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object?
Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
Driving car at 7 - left until 8:30 -
Stopped awhile 16:30 -
No Drinks!

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes or No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One): a. North         e. South
             b. Northeast    f. Southwest
             c. East         g. West
             d. Southeast    h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? 30 miles per hour

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North         e. South
              b. Northeast    f. Southwest
              c. East         g. West
              d. Southeast    h. Northwest


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

8.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North            e. South
             b. Northeast        f. Southwest
             c. East             g. (West)
             d. Southeast        h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question and preceding question (8 and 8.1).
    a. Certain           c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No

10. How was the object seen? 
(Circle One): a. Through window glass    e. Through theodolite
             b. Through windshield       f. Through sunglasses
             c. Through binoculars       g. Through open space
             d. Through telescope        h. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)        11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
    a. Clear sky                    a. Dry
    b. Hazy                         b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds             c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or Heavy clouds        d. Snow
    e. Don't remember               e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)          11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
    a. No wind                      a. Cold
    b. Slight breeze                b. Cool
    c. Strong wind                  c. Warm
    d. Don't remember               d. Hot
                                    e. Don't remember

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object: 4 to 5 Minutes Seconds


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
a. Certain
b. Fairly sure

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent - Transparent

14. Did the object at any time:
(Circle One for each question)

14.1 Change direction?
14.2 Change speed?
14.3 Change size?
14.4 Change color?
14.5 Break up into parts or explode?
14.6 Give off smoke?
14.7 Change brightness?
14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
14.9 Remain motionless?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know

15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? Glow-light perhaps

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
16.1 Sound - No sound -
16.2 Color - Pale green-light perhaps -

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 6 or 7 -
Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an elliptical arrangement of objects with arrows]

Also Circle in an ellipse, 5 or 6 often move in or out but slight respect the direction - like Circles.

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know

IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
Also occasionally cloud!


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
Clear, photorial cloud -

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object
you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pea f. Automobile
b. Baseball g. Small airplane
c. Basketball h. Large airplane
d. Bicycle wheel i. Dirigible
e. Office desk j. Other _______

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your
answer to Question 19.
a. Certain c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the objects:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? ______ feet
20.2 How far was it from you? ______ feet or ______ miles
20.3 How fast was it going? ______ miles per hour
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your
answer to the above questions:
a. Certain c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly c. Other _______
b. Gradually d. Don't remember

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place on "A"
on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon
(skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when
you last saw it.
Overhead

[Diagram showing a curved line from horizon to overhead with points marked]

Horizon

You


- page 12 -

