PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
   23 October 1952

2. LOCATION
   Toledo, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
   Local ___1830 EST
   GMT ___2330Z     DAY

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   ☒ Ground-Visual   □ Ground-Radar
   □ Air-Visual      □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
   ☒ Yes
   □ No

6. SOURCE
   Civilian & Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
   15 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
   6

9. COURSE
   S

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
    Six yellow orange objects were observed flying due south. No sound. Objects seemed to be trailing fire and flew from horizon to horizon. First observed objects appeared to be standing still, then started moving. Observed by three persons.

11. COMMENTS
    2 civilians, 1 military. All of whom were riding in a car. When they observed the objects, they stopped the car, got out and one observer took a series of five color slides.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   (Don't Know)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
I moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

Handwritten note at bottom: "got out of car and took pictures"


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: None
    b. Color: Yellow-orange

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    Objects not in motion
    "     in motion
    Seemed to be trailing fire

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): ① Fuzzy or blurred
                 ② Like a bright star
                 ③ Sharply outlined
                 ④ Don't remember
    e. Other: [blank]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Six
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

    [Two hand-drawn diagrams showing six circular objects with an arrow indicating movement south]

    First sighted moving south    Second, position moving south


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Traveled from horizon to horizon

24. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Driving west on U.S. 20

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            d. South
b. Northeast        e. Southwest
c. East             f. Southeast

(Circled: g. West
h. Northwest)

28.2 How fast were you moving? about 40 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North            d. South
b. Northeast        e. Southwest
c. East             f. Southeast

(Circled: g. West
h. Northwest)

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North            d. South
b. Northeast        e. Southwest
c. East             f. Southwest

(Circled: g. South
h. Northwest)

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Handwritten text at bottom of page:
Object passed directly over head from horizon to horizon


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Handwritten: Not reported]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Names and addresses are blacked out]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten: Do not know]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Sampson AFB N.Y.
                City    Zone   State

TELEPHONE NUMBER

What is your present job? 45 W/T

Age 21         Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e.o. Technical school
     (Type)
f. Other special training Porter | Mater
                        Radio operator & Tech Acmech
                        Bldg operator & Inst Acmech

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 13   July    1953
                                           Day   Month   Year


- page 8 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [redacted]                                                                  (Do Not Write in This Space)
                                                                                 CODE:
SIGNATURE [redacted]
DATE 13 July '55

When objects were first sighted they appeared to be standing still. We got out of the car and watched them - they started moving and seemed to have five trailing.

Airman who was with me in a jet machine in the A.F. stated that they were not like any air craft he had ever seen.

We stood in the road and watched about 15 minutes. They were visible all the time - they crossed overhead and disappeared in the southern horizon - there was no sound.


- page 9 -

This image appears to be a road map of the Toledo, Ohio area and surrounding region. The map shows various highways and roads, with route numbers marked. Cities and towns such as Toledo, Sandusky, Fremont, Tiffin, Findlay, and others are visible. There are also notations for North Bass, Middle Bass, and South Bass, which likely refer to islands in Lake Erie. The map is in black and white and appears to be from an older document, consistent with the 1950s time period mentioned in the filename.


- page 10 -

Glass Slide of
UFO Sighting at
Toledo, Ohio

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
ELECTRONICS BRANCH
Office of Record

ATIAS/Capt C.A. Hardin
vm/6926

29 JUL 1955

[Recipient's address redacted]
Main Street
Cincinnatus, Ohio

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

The Air Technical Intelligence Center would like to extend its sincere appreciation for the cooperation and assistance you have given to our program.

On 19 July 1955, as evaluation of your son's sighting was completed and the following conclusions were attained: From the apparent flight path, formations and maneuvers, it is believed that the air objects closely resembled short vapor or condensation trails such as flying aircraft. Usually, much vapor trails are of longer duration, and leave a trail across the sky with which you are probably familiar. However, vapor trail will often dissipate in a relatively short period of time after formation. The length of this type of trail is dependent upon the altitude of aircraft plus the prevailing atmospheric conditions at that altitude.

The orange-yellow color of the objects can be attributed to refraction, or the bending of the sun's rays through the trails.

We are returning your son's color slides as an enclosure to this correspondence; however, is at all possible, we would appreciate obtaining one of the slides for additional and briefing files. (Preferably the one in the metal container.) This case could serve as an excellent example and aid in identifying reports of a similar nature.

We again thank you for your fine cooperation and interest.

Sincerely,

[Signature block redacted]
MARY L. STONE
1st Lt. USAF
Assistant Adjutant

ATIC FORM 144 (10 FEB 54)    ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET


- page 12 -

Main Street
GNADENHUTTEN, OHIO
August 31, 1955

Mary L Storm
1st Lt. USAF
Air Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base

Dear Lieutenant Storm,

In reply to your letter of July 29th 1955 wherein you gave us a brief outline of the evaluation of the slides that we had sent you.

My son was just home recently and we again discussed this matter and he insists that the objects appeared to stand still at times, which still leaves some doubt, in my mind as to whether the objects were the conventional type air craft.

Enclosed you will find the one slide that you requested for your files.

Sincerely yours,
BKP/m

[Handwritten note at bottom of page: Slide is in envelope at end of this case file]

[Bottom of page text: BIG CAR QUALITY AT LOWEST COST]


- page 13 -

CASE SUMMARY                                                July 1955

On 23 October 52, six yellow-orange objects were observed flying due South by 3 observers (two civilians and one airman). The observers were riding in an automobile, heading West on US Route #20, and were approximately 10 miles West of Toledo, Ohio when they sighted the objects. They stopped the car, got out and looked more closely at the objects, which appeared to be standing still. The objects then started to move, flying due South (directly over the heads of the observers) from horizon to horizon. Time of observation was 1830 hours EST or 2330 Zebra time. According to the reporting observer, who took a series of five color slides of the objects, there was no sound, the edges of the objects appeared "fuzzy", and when moving they seemed to be trailing fire. When first observed and after they appeared to be moving, the objects were in one large "V" formation, but later changed into two "V" formations of three objects each. TOTAL TIME OF THE OBSERVATION WAS ESTIMATED AT 15 MINUTES. (Note: The observer who took the pictures was departing on his honeymoon with his bride and a service buddy. The service man, an airman, was returning to his base after a leave. In lieu of his honeymoon trip, the observer had taken a camera with him which was loaded with a roll of 35MM Ansco color film.)

PRELIMINARY EVALUATION BY ATIC-5

On 19 July 1955, all 5 slides were reviewed by Col Johnston, Capt Hardin, Maj Andrews, W/O West, Capt Gilroy and Sgt Drepperd. It was agreed that the objects in question closely resembled condensed or short vapor trails from high flying jet aircraft which occurs infrequently under certain atmospheric conditions.


- page 14 -

CASE HISTORY

23 October 1952 - Toledo, Ohio - July 1955

I. PERTINENT BACKGROUND INFORMATION

A. Delay in receipt of report - On 8 July 1955, Capt Jon T. Matsuo, 
OIC Flt 3-B, 4620d AISS, visited ATIAS-5 and presented the undersigned airman 
with a letter and one 35 mm color slide. The letter, dated 2 December 1954 
was from Mr. [redacted], owner of [redacted] in Gnadenhütten, Ohio 
and addressed to T/Sgt Harold Jenkins, Flt 3-B, 4620d AISS. Sgt Jenkins had 
been introduced to Mr. [redacted] in Columbus, Ohio and Mr. [redacted] had informed 
the Sgt that his son had taken some pictures of UFO's while on his honeymoon 
in October 1952. An agreement was reached whereby Mr. [redacted] would forward 
one of his son's slides to Sgt. Jenkins for official examination. This was 
accomplished by the above mentioned letter.

Sgt. Jenkins, after receiving the letter, failed to act upon it. A 
few months later, Sgt Jenkins was assigned o/s and his files were turned over 
to his replacement who gave the letter to Capt. Matsuo.

B. Follow-up Action Initiated by ATIAS-5

Upon receipt of the letter and the slide, the undersigned airman 
called Mr. [redacted] on 11 July 55 and requested him to forward the additional 
slides mentioned in his letter of 2 December 1954. He informed the reporting 
airman that his son, who had since enlisted in the AF, was presently home on 
leave until 14 July 55, and that we could obtain any additional details of the 
incident from him.

On 11 July 1955, the reporting airman sent, via Special Delivery, a 
USAF Technical Information Sheet (for completion by source), along with a


- page 15 -

request for the additional color slides. The questionnaire and four color slides were received by ATIC-5 on 18 July 1955.

A.W. DREPPERD
T/Sgt, USAF


- page 16 -

Main Street
GNADENHITTEN, OHIO

July 14, 1955

Dear Sgt. Drepperd,

Enclosed you will find questionnaire and four pictures requested in your letter of July 11th. Also a section of map showing location pictures were taken.

If my son can be of further help to you in this matter please contact him at Sampson AFB where he will be stationed after today.

Sincerely,
Director of Civil Defense
Tuscarawas County

BKP m

BIG CAR QUALITY AT LOWEST COST


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

Main Street
GNADENHÜTTEN, OHIO

December 2, 1952

T Sgt. Harold Jenkins
c/o Officer In Charge
Flight No. 3-D, 4602d AISS
Wright Patterson AFB
Ohio

Dear Sergeant Jenkins,

Enclosed, you will find one of the projection slides, which we talked about in Columbus, of objects my son saw in the sky on a trip he made to Monroe Michigan.

This is one of a series that he took the latter part of October, 1952 about six o'clock in the evening somewhere between Monroe Michigan and Toledo Ohio.

If you would care for more information I suggest that you send a questionnaire to my son who is stationed at Elgin... and in Alaska, his address is:

Seattle, Washington

I would appreciate getting this slide back when you are finished with it and will be glad to have duplicates made of the others and send to you if you care for them.

Altogether he took a series of eight pictures beginning at the time he first sighted the objects until he had used up all his film.

Sincerely,

BM/m

[Bottom of page text]
BIG CAR QUALITY AT LOWEST COST


- page 18 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
23 October 1952

2. Time of day:
6 80 
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: 10 miles west Toledo, Ohio
City or Town: CW 43 #20
State or Country: 

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours: 15 Minutes: Seconds:

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
              b. Dull daylight
              c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
              b. In back of you
              c. To your right

d. To your left - when first sighted
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember


- page 19 -

