PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
1 May 52

2. LOCATION
Davis-Monthan AFB, Arizona

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 0910 MST
GMT 01/1610Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
✓ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
✓ No

6. SOURCE
AF 11/Sgt

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
(blank)

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2

9. COURSE
(blank)

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Shiny-metal color. Circular shaped. 
Seemed to close on B-36 then made sharp 
turns.
Might have been fighters, however des-
cription precludes this. Too bad altitude 
of B-36 is unknown.

11. COMMENTS
Overtook B-36 at 3x B-36 speed.
Moved near B-36 then disappeared by 
getting smaller.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
✓ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

Upon questioning, the pilots denied that the object interfered with other the flying characteristics of the B-25 or the navigation or radio equipment.

Upon steps from the aircraft the UFO lost altitude, proceeded with the aircraft, joined the object and by two degrees at extremely high speed in a southerly direction. (Aircraft altitude, airspeed, heading, UFO heading, approximate speed and track was obtained.) During the close proximity of the object the pilots did not try evasive action.

The aircraft and crew were from Carswell AFB, Texas and were on a flight to March AFB, California. It is possible that this report is filed in Blue Book Archives under either of those case pages.

I hope this report and the diagrams are of some help. Fla.

Tucson, Arizona


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

B-36

View Looking
To South

Estimated UFO Dimensions:
20'x 23'
10'x 12'

N(copy)


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

UNCLASSIFIED

Country: USA
Location: Davis-Monthan AFB, Tucson, Ariz.
Date Reported: 2 May 1952 | Date of Occurrence: 1 May 1952
Reported by: R. H. Testolozzi, Capt., USAF

Subject: Information on Unidentified Flying Objects

Summary:
1. On 1 May 1952 at 0010 hours, two unidentified flying objects were observed at an altitude estimated at something over 25,000 ft of altitude above Davis-Monthan AFB.

2. At the time of observation, standing at the top of the 90° of an "L" shaped hospital observing the flight of a B-36 on a general NE heading.

3. Weather report from the base weather tables for 0000 hours, 1 May 1952, was as follows: Winds-Westerly, visibility 15, ceiling 25,000, temperature 59, dew point 48, wind 290 degrees, 16 militars, distance-50.05 inches, station pressure 29.70-10 inches.

4. Objects that two objects, approximately round in shape, were total in color, with no protrusions, surface, in a thin turbulence, move 2° altitude of the B-36, overhead in trace as about 3 to 4 times the speed of the B-36 aircraft. (See diagram for approach)

5. These objects, upon overtaking, the B-36 slowed 1 knot, to approximately 200 miles per hour.

6. After attaining formation with the leader at a steady (sic) second, object 2 (sic diagram), executed a sharp, no radius, 70-80 degree turn from the line of flight, at the same time receded about 2 of the distance to the horizon at approximately the speed with which the objects over took the aircraft.

7. Object 3 (sic diagram) then executed an immediate stop and hover. To aircraft it appeared to be stationary.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOU DIR 2200

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED JUN 54

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

UNCLASSIFIED

FROM: 4367 Bomb Wg, Intelligence Div.    REPORT NO. 1    PAGE 2    OF 2    PAGES

8. This object then started to decrease in its altitude without forward motion, until it disappeared.

9. When Sgt [redacted] returned his gaze to the B-36 aircraft, the object had disappeared in a manner unknown to him.

10. The diameter of each object was about the size of the length of the horizontal stabilizer of the B-36 aircraft.

11. There was no noise other than the normal sound of the B-36 aircraft. Several or exhaust trail from either 30, 500 or 100 yards away.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED AF448137

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR E200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

The document contains a diagram with lines and angles, but the specific text on the diagram lines is not clearly legible.


- page 6 -

UNCLASSIFIED AF1481714

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram with several lines and angles, with some text labels that are partially illegible. The diagram appears to be some kind of trajectory or positioning sketch.


- page 7 -

THE UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA
TUCSON, ARIZONA 85721
INSTITUTE OF ATMOSPHERIC PHYSICS

July 14, 1966

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Project Bluebook
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Following our second unsuccessful effort to locate in the Bluebook files any record of the B-36 incident at Davis-Monthan AFB, I have asked to "put down," in a letter to me, an account of such details as he can still remember with confidence. I enclose, for your insertion into the Bluebook files, a copy of Maj. Pestalozzi's letter of July 7, 1966.

Please file with it my present letter of transmittal, since I shall put down a few additional pertinent points.

[Redacted] has told me, in previous conversations, that he was an intelligence officer from about 1950 and 1960, and was stationed at Davis-Monthan during 1951-53. Field investigation of UFO sightings was one of his routine duties, not only at Davis-Monthan but at other duty stations. The B-36 case, which he believes occurred in 1952, was one in which he himself happened to be an observer. Although he has now made a number of efforts to run down clues to the precise date, the B-36 details still remains uncertain, as I indicated to you in my last visit at WPAFB on June 30.

He recalls filing a rather thick report on this B-36 case, the thickest he ever filed on a UFO. It included not only his own observations, but also those of the B-36 crew which he personally interrogated, but also that of an airman who was standing beside him during most of the time of his own observation. The airman (whose name he has forgotten) was coming out of the base hospital just as [redacted] was about to enter (for treatment of an injured knee). He pointed out to me today that approximately six or seven other Air Force personnel at scattered locations around the base also reported seeing the UFO's from the ground. Because their descriptions matched closely those given by himself and the airman, he did not (at least as far as he now recalls) include them in his official report.

I have queried [redacted] closely about the length of time during which he had the UFO's under observation. He estimates it at something like five minutes. He actually saw the two


- page 8 -

Major Hector Quintanilla
July 14, 1966
Page Two

UFO's overtake the westbound B-36, and he held them under observation as the aircraft passed overhead until the objects departed. His recollection, as of today, was that his line of sight to the B-36 at the time the UFO's moved into position was at an angle of elevation of about 50 degrees (estimated uncertainty about 5-10 degrees) and the UFO's departed when the line of sight to the aircraft was about the same angle above the western horizon.

The aircraft was almost due east of the base when the objects joined it, and it lay due west when they departed. Its heading was almost due west during the entire period of observation. (In an earlier conversation, he estimated the total time of observation at perhaps 3 minutes. The latter time would be a bit more compatible with an estimated altitude of 20,000 ft and the estimated angles of line of sight. But every one of these estimates is based on recollections of an event 14 years old, so perhaps all that is now warranted is the conclusion that the UFO's paced the B-36 for "several minutes." The latter time is compatible with the fact that all of the crew, save the pilot, were able to get back to the starboard blister to see the UFO before it left.)

As he sketched the relative positions, he recalled an important detail. The UFO near the aircraft was at a level distinctly lower than the mid-section of the fuselage (see sketch). He recalled that the crew described looking somewhat down it, and the blister itself is below mid-section. This may explain why there was no marked aerodynamic disturbance of the aircraft's flight characteristics, one of the very puzzling features of the incident.

It, but he has mentioned to me that the B-36 crew was a bit shaken by this experience. He pointed out to me that, after the UFO's departed, the B-36 radioed Davis-Monthan control tower and demanded permission to land immediately. It was just after they landed that Operations called him over to interrogate the crew.

He has related to me a number of other UFO cases which he investigated in the early 1950's in the Southwest. I regret that our search of the Bluebook files during my June 7-8 visit did not turn up the one at Sequoia National Park where the ranger and his wife were driving in a jeep when overhead by a disc-shaped UFO. Blew the ranger's hat off, and left the ranger with the impression that it had even rocked the jeep. This would be a good case study. If you ever run across it, I'd like to know of it.


- page 9 -

Major Hector Quintanilla
July 14, 1966
Page Three

it. Unfortunately, here as in the case of the B-36, dates are uncertain, though he'd put it at 1952 or 1953. Other very interesting UFO incidents in the Tucson area in the same period have been described by, but in my two visits to your office, I've had no luck in locating them, so I suppose they're not going to show up now.

If you should ever come upon anything bearing on the B-36 case, please let me know. It seems to me to be an extremely important UFO incident.

Sincerely,
James E. McDonald
Senior Physicist

JEM/msr
cc:
Air Mail


- page 10 -

Tucson, Arizona
7 July 1956

Tucson, Arizona

Dear Jim,

The information you requested several weeks ago concerning a UFO report submitted by an reporting office to the Project Blue Book, follows:

The intervening years and a very mediocre memory do, of course, make it difficult by recalling the exact date, report data such as time, meteorological conditions, flight altitude (which must have been above twenty thousand feet), namely about 20 May 1, will, however, relate the incident to you to the best of my recollection.

This observation occurred in the hours just before noon in the early months of 1952. (I recall, April, May or June.)

While standing on the front entrance steps of the Davis-Monthan Air Force Base Hospital, I observed the approach of two UFOs upon a B-36 flying on a normal eastward heading almost directly over the base. The UFOs appeared from the ground, to be round in shape and metallic in color. (The same color as the B-36) The objects approached the aircraft from a point of three or four times that of the aircraft.

The two objects appeared to be about the same size when first observed. One object appeared to gain altitude as it approached the aircraft because it seemed to grow smaller. It stationed itself at the B-36's right side and to the rear side of the B-36. The other object approached the aircraft at the altitude of the B-36 and stationed itself between the pulse-type prop changer and the leading edge. The two objects were in close air, which indeed the aircraft at Elkins, and were interrogated by me, confirmed the ground observed stationing of this object in its extremely close proximity to the aircraft.

I can no longer remember the length of time of the observation but will of the impression that it was less than one who flew the aircraft during the entire incident was able to get to the record observer just to see the UFO.

The objects were reported to be symmetrically curved top and bottom, about two or twelve feet thick from top to bottom at the middle point of the object. (This was an approximation figure in inches which I cannot remember). The object was reported by the crew, as I remember, to be about twenty or twenty-five feet in diameter. (I will state, however, and believe it.)

Based on the air crew members reported seeing a pale bank of red color about half way between the top and the side of the objects. All members did not see this color band, however.


- page 11 -

