The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

The text from the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 5 Oct 52
2. LOCATION: KENT, ENGLAND
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 05/1510Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. SOURCE: Ex-RAF Officer
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 mins. 
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
9. COURSE: 360 degrees
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Radar Operator reported an object, white in color, traveling at 1500 mph. Object appeared to have an exhaust.
11. COMMENTS: Short duration of sighting and probable tail or exhaust indicates that the object might have been a meteor.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page of a written report or document.

Commanding General
United States Air Force
Washington, D. C.

Dear Sir:

I embarked on the Cunard Liner Caronia at South-hampton, England, on September 30, 1952. 

On October 5, 1952, at 5:12 p.m., time of the local longitude, I was standing on the starboard side of the ship by the swimming pool on the deck which is immediately above the promenade deck. This deck is perhaps twelve feet above the promenade deck, and there is an offset in the ship at that point so that it was perhaps fifteen feet inboard from the starboard side of the ship. While standing there with my wife, I noticed a group of people below me, also on the starboard side and perhaps forty feet away, standing immediately under the starboard wing or the stern-bridge of the ship, and staring off at some object in the air on the starboard side.

One of the individuals had a pair of glasses. I was curious to know what they were looking at, so I began to look in the sky.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

Transcribed text from the document:

Commanding General
United States Air Force                   -2-                October 9, 1952

I saw a very brilliant bright object, a perfect circle in shape, which I had the impression was flat. With the flat surface in a vertical plane and projected directly toward me.
The object bore between one and two points on the starboard bow of the ship and at an angle above the surface of the water which I should estimate to be between 15° and 20° or are from the horizontal. The object had a brilliant light, almost of the intensity of a welding torch. I should say that it was much brighter than a star could possibly be and was somewhat less bright than the sun. The light emanating from it was a strong silver color. This incident took place at 5:12 p.m., and as soon as I first saw the object and had gotten over the momentary reaction from doing so, I timed it. I asked my wife to go down to the main deck, two decks below, and bring back a pair of powerful field glasses which I had. In the meantime, I walked down from the swimming pool and joined the group under the afterbridge. This group consisted of a man whose identity I do not know, his wife, a member of the Cabin Class orchestra (the man who played the bass viol, whose name I also do not know) and one or two other persons, one of them a woman. During this entire period of time while I was watching the object, there was a pink cloud much closer to the vessel than the object appeared to be and practically at the same angle from the ship and the surface of the ocean. I would estimate the position of this small cloud to be perhaps five miles from the vessel, and the object at all times appeared to be beyond this cloud. I have the impression, although

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document, likely a project blue book report, describing an unidentified object observed in the sky.

Commanding General
United States Air Force                   -3-                          October 9, 1952

I cannot be sure of this, that the object moved in its position both horizontally and vertically with relation to this cloud. I do not know whether it moved further from or nearer to the vessel or whether the diameter or the luminous portion of the disk varied; i.e., whether it contracted and expanded. At any rate, after I had the object under observation for a period of 1 minute and 45 seconds, it disappeared by a gradual fading. During the process of this fading, the diameter did not change. 

In other words, I had the impression that the light simply shut off, rather than that the object disappeared by moving elsewhere.

During the course of this incident, the sun bore on the port side of the vessel, perhaps one point off the port bow, and was perhaps 20° from the horizontal. At this time, the sun and the surrounding sky was a pale pink color as contrasted to the brilliant silver color of the object. However, the sun was obscured from my sight at all times while I was standing by the swimming pool by the super-structure of the deck above and further forward.

Subsequently, I wrote a letter to the Staff Captain of the ship requesting the position of the vessel as of the moment when I first saw the object... I have a letter from the Staff Captain indicating that the ship's position at that time was 42°19' N., 55°07' W. and that the vessel was on a course of 260°30'. I do not know whether any of the officers of the ship or the watch saw this object, but I am inclined to think that they must have. My wife was standing beside me except that I cannot be sure of this.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly a Project Blue Book report, with handwritten text.

Commanding General
United States Air Force                       -4-                   October 9, 1952

while getting the glasses, and she also observed this phenomenon.
I am writing this letter solely for the purpose of adding 
to the available store of information with respect to these
objects, as I thought the position of its appearance at sea might
well have scientific interest for the sub-division of your command
studying these objects.

When this letter reaches the proper office, I should
appreciate a reply.

Very truly yours,
/s/ [redacted]

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, also referred to as "Summary Data", which is a form used to gather information about an observed event.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the investigation, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: (Name redacted)
SIGNATURE: (Signature redacted)
DATE: December 17, 1952

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely containing a written report about a UFO sighting.

NDR 55 82
CM CGP 428 FTR BMR WG HANSTON AD E NG
TO DIR INTL INTEL HQ USAF WASH DC
CG ATIC UFAPO OHIO ATTN ATIAA-2
INFO CG ENT AFB COLO
3RD AF RUISLIP ENG
CITE PROJECT 10142-52
FLYOBPT. SMB IN ACCORDANCE WITH PAR TC AFL 200-5, END IN SHAPE .
OBJA APPEARS IN COLOR. APPEARED TO HAVE STRUCK SPEED ESTIMATED 1522
MPH . -2.5,190 KNOTS VISIBLE ONLY DURING OCCULT BY CLOUDS. GYROSCOPIC PRECESSION REPORTS IT HAS
NORTHERLY & WESTERLY MOTION. EMR OSCILLATION RAY SEEN TRAVER HOVAN'S PATH OF TRAVEL. RAP
HOLDING THAT CONSIDERABLE INTEREST HAS BEEN DEVOTED TO THIS CASE, END THIS
AIR DEF OPS ON 5 OCT 52. VISIBILITY 15 MILES, TEMP 57 DEGREES. RAP HOLDING
DEP THIS REPT PENDING FURTHER DETAILS
DTG 071252Z OCT 52

BEFORE DLASS1FYllTh

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet used for collecting information about a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET - #501.00

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please complete this form to the best of your ability. The information you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 5 OCTOBER 1952
2. Time of day: 17 HOUR 13 MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other LOCAL TIME AT 55° 07' W.LONGITUDE, 51° 07' N.LATITUDE
4. Where were you when you saw the object? ON BOARD R.M.S.CARONIA, ASTON 4-2' 19' N.LATITUDE, 55° 07' W.LONGITUDE
5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 0 HOURS 45 SECONDS
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright starlight, twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left 15°

- page 8 -

Based on the image, there does not appear to be any photograph or visual element present. The image is a scanned document page that contains a questionnaire or form related to the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): 
a. Yes
b. No
c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other BRIGHT GETHING THING

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't Know 
f. Change shape? ONLY A LITTLE / Hardly at all / No Change

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know
IF you answered YES then tell what it moved behind: A THIN CLOUD- WAS NEARLY OBSCURED BUT REMAINED VISIBLE FOR ABOUT 5" ONLY

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: 

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One)
a. Solid? 
b. Transparent?
c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes / No
b. Sun glasses Yes / No
c. Windshield Yes / No
d. Window glass Yes / No
e. Binoculars Yes / No
f. Telescope Yes / No
g. Sighting Scope Yes / No
h. Other FOR PERIOD OF ABOUT 5" ONLY

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with a form filled out, likely by a witness reporting a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _____None_______________
b. Color __INTENSE SILVER COLOR__

17. Describe that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include any distinguishing features of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
ONLY A CIRCLE WHICH APPEARED TO BE FLAT WITH THE FLAT SURFACE FACING DIRECTLY TOWARDS ME

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Clear, Distinct __ b. Fuzzy, blurred __
c. Like a bright star __ d. Don't remember __

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, then how many were there? _ONLY ONE_
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
(i.e.-diameter appears to vary)

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. Could NOT possibly estimate

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length:
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Nickel
d. Quarter
e. Half dollar
f. Silver dollar
g. Basketball
h. Grapefruit
i. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? DROPPED OUT AND DIAMETER CONTRACTED

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could constntly the object that you saw. Of what type material would you guess it is made, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a somewhat object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

An object with a pulsating, fluttering, skipping, circling motion, circular in shape, luminous, and spinmnal in such a way as to permit only an approximate observation. I cannot be more what is the tion of its course and could only say that it moved like a winged object in a wide circular course of flight and passed out of sight.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over the country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was riding the car and I suddenly noticed a bright light moving at a high speed in front of me. I was very surprised and immediately watched the object

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):
a. North  b. South  c. East  d. West  e. Northeast  f. Southeast  g. Southwest  h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? 70 MILES PER HOUR miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)  Yes  No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. Northwest  

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was:
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 270 degrees.
b. From horizon 5.75 degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 270 degrees.
b. From horizon 15.25 degrees.

- page 12 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It consists of sketches and illustrations.

The text extracted from the image is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position where the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 13 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear and no clouds, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds, e. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): a. No wind, b. Slight breeze, c. Strong wind, d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold, b. Cool, c. Warm, d. Hot, e. Don't remember
35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? __ __ __ Day __ __ __ Month __ __ __ Year
36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: Mary White, Edgar Vold - 632 West Casino Drive, Kane Grove, Ohio
37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? (Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? I do NOT know. I can only say that it was organized, fast, and silent. It gave the impression of being constructed, purposeful, and somewhat machine-like.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire filled out by an individual.

The text in the document is as follows:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? BOUT IN EXCESS OF 5 MILES

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME 
ADDRESS 311 Province 3 Dr., Providance 3, R.I.
TELEPHONE NUMBER 
What is your present job? LAWYER - PATENT LAWYER U.S.AIR FORCE SPECIALIST 
Age 35
Sex MALE
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
c. College Harvard
d. Post graduate Law School

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
17 Day 11 Month 1952 Year

- page 15 -

