The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or page from a report, with handwritten text at the bottom.

Civilian to Civilian 
1

"The object was probably a Russian weather balloon. It would have been approximately 30 feet in diameter and carrying instruments..."

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows handwritten text on a document page.

Text output:

which this letter was received and in regard to the sight of a formation of so-called discs of lights which were seen hovering over the same field. I understand that this matter was quite unusual and I would appreciate for one to investigate in every way possible just what was behind it. The details were that three or four of the discs of light were seen hovering for several minutes and then quickly disappeared. The sequence of the lights seemed to be somewhat irregular and had no pattern that could be discerned. Of course. The sequence and maneuverability to the discs has long been a subject of interest as well as considerable speculation in circles interested in the phenomenon. Indeed the information contained in your letter seems to be quite typical of many sightings reported over the years. There are no apparent inconsistencies and the report appears to be straightforward and objective. I would of course appreciate any further details that you might be able to provide regarding this sighting just what was observed in your own words and an indication of the reliability of the witness or witnesses. This would be of great value in evaluating the report. There was no indication of any photographic evidence being available. If you have any such evidence I would certainly be interested in examining it. In any event. I appreciate your calling this to my attention and I will be glad to pursue the matter further with you if you care to provide any additional information.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

SUBJECT: (Unclassified) FLYOBPT

THRU: Commanding General
Air Material Command
ATTN: Intelligence Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

TO: Director of Intelligence
Headquarters, USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

In compliance with AF Letter 200-5, dated 29 April 1952, the attached AF Form 112 is submitted. 

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

ROBERT V. FRY
Colonel, USAF
Asst Air Provost Marshal

CC: Chief, ATIC
ATTN: ATIAA-2c
Wright-Patterson AF Base
Ohio

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report form from the United States Air Force.

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112--PART I
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT: UNCLASSIFIED 
DATE OF REPORT: 27 MAY 1952
INFORMATION ON (LOCATION): SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS
DATE OF INCIDENT: 27 MAY 1952
An unidentified round object of immense but undetermined size was observed at approximately 0325 hours, 27 May 1952, at San Antonio, Texas. It was observed for approximately 20 minutes and hovered at an estimated altitude of 300 feet.
Reported by: WD WILLIAMS
Evaluation: D-3. A probable aircraft.
DET CHIEF, AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
ATTN: AFOIN-2B2
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" from the Air Force with details about an observation of an unidentified aerial object.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

In accordance with Air Force Letter 200-5 dated 29 April 1952, the following information is submitted:

(1) A single disc-shaped object was observed approaching the aircraft.
(2) The object was a metallic, disc-shaped object which maintained a constant course and speed until it passed from view.
(3) Contact time elapsed was 9 hours. Central Standard Time. Length of time of sighting.
(4) A visual ground observation with binoculars was made.
(5) Reliability of observers is unknown.
(6) Fair weather prevailed at the time of the sighting.
(7) No sufficient conclusion for the sighting.
(8) No physical evidence of sighting.
(9) No intention of identifying the sighting.
(10) Location of any air traffic in the general area at the time of the sighting is unknown.

OSI, DIST 4
ELLINGTON AFB, OHIO

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document. It does not contain any photographs, but rather consists of text describing a sighting of an unidentified object.

The text reads as follows:

STATEMENT

At approximately 0315 hours, Central Standard Time, 15 July 1952, I was in my garden conversing with my neighbor. This object, when I observed it, appeared to be the same size as the dome of the transit tower. The object at first gave the impression of being a conventional aircraft, being round in shape and I didn't give much immediate thought as I continued my conversation with him.

Presently a jet aircraft flew over and I began looking for the jet plane. While looking for the jet plane I noticed that the object had risen to a position in the heavens to a point where it was difficult to determine whether the object had flown higher or had remained in a fixed position. I decided at this time to call another neighbor, Mrs. ------ to see the object. We watched it until it had traveled to a point of disappearance. At this time I entered the house to inform my daughter of the sighting. My daughter observed the object through eight-power binoculars and noticed that the object moved East a very short distance then remained motionless until it was almost at mid-night at which time it hovered for approximately twenty minutes, neither moving nor performing maneuvers.

The object then seemed to be no longer visible even with the binoculars.

The object appeared to be of metallic construction and emitted a light even with the binoculars.

- page 6 -

The image appears to contain a photograph showing a bright white object, not unlike a burning magnesium flare, at the center of the frame. The object is described as appearing to be surrounded by a parachute-like apparatus. The text indicates that the object was observed flying beneath a jet aircraft, and that it appeared to be much larger than the plane. No humans are directly identified in the image.

I certify that the above statement is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
I certify that I was present at this sighting and that the facts presented herein are true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

- page 7 -

There is a photograph present in the image, which appears to be a black-and-white document or report page. The photograph shows an unidentified flying object (UFO) or aerial phenomenon. The text below the image provides a detailed description of the observed object and its movement.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:
JULY 1952
ATIC. WRIGHT.PATTERSON AF£> OHIO
USAF
ACTION
CITE SA-325

FLYOB RPT: IN ACCORDANCE WITH PAR 7G AF REG 200-2 "FQ REPORT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS" OBJECT WAS OBSERVED AT SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS RELIABLY OBSI RYER UNKNOWN- UNKNOWN REPORTED IT APPROACHING AT GREAT SPEED DP TO BRILLIANCE EMITTING
SILVERY COLOR. OBJECT APPROACHED RAPIDLY UP OVER THE
HORIZON THEN DESCENDING OVER NEARBY AREA AT EXTREMELY HIGH SPEED DIRECTLY TOWARDS OBS^ RVER. OBJECT HAD A TENDENCY TO SHIFT ABOUT FROM TIME TO TIME AND
OSCILLATING RADICALLY PERPENDICULAR TO LINE OF SIGHT. DURING LAST PORTION OF FLIGHT FULL PERFORMANCE APPARATUS WAS USED TO "OBJECT" THROUGH WHICH AN EXHAUST TRAIL COULD HFE OBSERVED. AT ALL TIMES OBJECT WAS ABOVE GROUND CLUTTER AND AT NO TIME AT OBSCURED BY CLOUDS. TILL OUT OF SIGHT.
35711552 JUL

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a survey questionnaire titled "TENTATIVE OBSERVERS' QUESTIONNAIRE" from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

SECTION A
1. When did you see the object?
    1.1 Date: 7-16-52
    1.2 Time of day: 9:15 A.M. (A.M. or P.M. - Circle One)
    1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
    1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
2. Where did you see the object? Postal Address: 
3. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane e. At sea f. Other
3.1 Were you: (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Flying near an airfield? e. Flying over an air route? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribed text from the document:

4. How did you happen to notice the object? I was driving to San Antonio, and the object appeared to be approximately 10 miles distant, and appeared to be moving rather rapidly and at an altitude estimated to be 2000 feet.

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day - 7 Month - 1952 Year - July

SECTION B
6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? Continuing drive to San Antonio.
6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Try to list the activity or activities, and the approximate amounts of time spent on each. Driving normal speed, approximately 3500 feet in altitude.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No (other than to run back and forth).
If you answered YES, then complete the following questions.
7.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
7.2 How fast were you moving? - miles per hour.
7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes or No

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely related to Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about observations of an unidentified flying object.

Text from the document:

8. What direction were you facing when you first saw the object? (Circle One): 
a. North
b. Northeast 
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

8.1 What direction were you facing when the object disappeared? (Circle One):
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above two questions. (3 and 4):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One): 
(Yes) or No

10. How was the object seen? (Circle One):
a. Through window glass
b. Through binoculars
c. Through telescope
d. Through field glasses
e. Through windshield
f. Through gun sights
g. Through open space
h. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One): 
a. (No wind)
b. Straight breeze
c. Strong breeze
d. Don't remember

11.3 WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain 
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One):
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

SECTION G

12. Estimate how long you saw the object? 1 Hours 00 Minutes 00 Seconds
12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
a. Certain b. Fairly sure c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent?
14. Did the object at any time:
14.1 Change direction? 14.2 Change speed? 14.3 Change size? 14.4 Change color? 14.5 Break up into parts or parts disappear? 14.6 Give off smoke? 14.7 Change brightness? 14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
14.9 Remain motionless?
15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One) Yes or No
15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light?

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
16.1 Sound: 
16.2 Color:

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions and options for the respondent to answer.

18. Did the object at any time?
18.1. Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
18.2. Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
18.3. Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One): the explanations on page s

a. Pea
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk

19.1. Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1. How high above the earth was it? _____ feet
20.2. How far was it from you? _____ feet or _____ miles
20.3. How fast was it going? _____ miles per hour.
20.4. Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly
b. Gradually
c. Other
d. Don't remember

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

TEXT OUTPUT:

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One)? Yes No

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? It's shape and motion and possibly any indications from the surrounding conditions or your own personal experiences suggest that the object was some type of unconventional craft or device, although the exact nature is still uncertain. Based on the details provided, it does not seem to match any conventional aircraft or other known technology.

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job? Electrician
Age 33
Sex: M
Last School Attended: Texas A&M College
Year of last attendance at this school: 1944

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. However, the image contains several diagrams and sketches, as well as text describing instructions for interpreting the sketches.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

SECTION B

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an X on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.
Overhead
Horizon
Your eye

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at the position when you last saw it.
Overhead
Horizon
Your eye

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.
[Sketch of an object's path]
more from usntain horizon is still quite low to the ground. The object rose very rapidly to much higher altitudes, moving in a vertical plane. I could not tell wheher it was round or oval, as the details were indistinct at the distance it was observed. It seemed rather small in appearance but I cannot estimate its actual size or distance. The sighting lasted only about 30 seconds from first to last sight. It was observed against a clear sky.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, potentially from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No
29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One): Yes or No 
29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mra. Dkill:.,
Mrs. S. M. Canning, 4 years old, San Antonio, Texas.

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important. Use additional sheets of the same size paper if necessary.
Regarding the object, it seemed to be about 5 to 6 miles distant traveling slowly in a south westerly direction. This dame is confirmed in every detail by my wife, who was also a witness. She corroborates the observation of this craft in every respect. My attention was first drawn to it by a peculiar whirring sound which seemed to emanate from the object. As it traveled across the sky, I noticed it was surrounded by a faint glow or luminescence. It was traveling at a moderate speed and disappeared from sight in several minutes. The strange craft did not resemble any type of aircraft with which I am familiar. My attention was riveted on the object for a few seconds and by this time it had traveled a considerable distance. When I first observed it, it appeared to be about the size of a dinner plate held at arm's length. It became smaller as it traveled away. Throughout the observation, there was no evidence of wings, propellers, or any other usual aircraft characteristics. The only sound I heard was the faint whirring noise mentioned previously. I am unable to offer any satisfactory explanation for this phenomenon. I am accustomed to observing aircraft of all types and this sighting was definitely out of the ordinary. I would appreciate any information you could provide regarding unidentified aerial craft of this nature.

- page 16 -

