PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
Dec 52

2. LOCATION
St. Augustine, Florida

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2100
GMT 02002 Dec 52

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
X Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
X No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 sec

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
SW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING Silver colored "Saucer" with 5 or 6 windows lit up inside with white lights. Outer rim was spinning and there was a blue-white trail. Object was silver colored with a bluish flame burning at rear. "Then this flame turned to a big bright red flame and the 'Saucer' shot up and clear across the sky at a terrific speed."

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
X Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

11. COMMENTS Object was in sight about 10 sec. White and blue flame which turned to bright red. Traveled above 90° azimuth. Report received in Jun 61. Too old for evaluation, however most information leads to observation of meteor. However in keeping with policy this report will be classified as insufficient data, 1 witness.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 55)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. [Outdoors]
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. [In open countryside]
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that appears to read: "I pulled to a stop after turning. I noticed the moon was a very bright light. The night was mild. Windshield was quite dim and glimmering and a glimmering object behind glare was in the view."]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     d. Southeast     e. [South]     f. Southwest     g. West     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? [WALKING] miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) [Yes]     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     d. Southeast     e. South     g. West     h. Northwest     i. Overhead
b. Northeast     f. Southwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     d. Southeast     e. [South]     f. Southwest     g. West     h. Northwest     i. Overhead
b. Northeast

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 2 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
SAME NIGHT     DEC.     19_

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
DONT    KNOW    FLYING SAUCER


- page 4 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 10,000 36,000 36,000 MPH

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No FROM WHAT I SAW AND THE SIZE OF THE WINDOW - I WAS 300 FT. AWAY

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 300 FT.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: PHOENIX S ARIZONA
TELEPHONE NUMBER: NONE
Age: 35 Sex: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. [Blank]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 13 June 1961
Day Month Year


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following spaces to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: June 13, 1961

I on December 9, 1952 I was having a beautiful flying out aerial in St. Augustine Florida a fine work school starting in January of 1953.

Each night I would run 1/2 miles as part of my training, I had just pulled up to a walk after running and to my right (west) I saw this I swear in one place 5 or 6 windows, in a quite white high. The I swear setter now was spinning and I could hear the planes. The I swear had a silver color and a bluish flame was burning at the near of the I swear then the bluish flame turned to a long length red flame and the I swear shot up and clean across the sky at a terrible speed. This is the untold truth. I will state only what I saw that time.

[Signature redacted]


- page 6 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location: St. Augustine, Fla

Date (Local): Dec 1952                   Hour (Local) 9-9:20 PM

Hour (Z Time Group): [blank]

Satellite: N/A

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc): Possible Meteor

Radar Analysis (TD-R1): N/A

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc): N/A

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc: N/A

Other: Insufficient Data 1 - witness

Evaluation of Source Reliability: Unknown

Analysis and Conclusions: Object was in sight about 10 sec. White and blue color. Traveled about 90 degrees. Report received in 14 June 1961. Old for evaluation, however most information leads to observation of meteor.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Defense
President of the United States
John F. Kennedy,
Mr. President,

5-17-61

In the night of December 1952 on our farm near Memphis Michigan I saw a Flying Saucer, where I first spotted the Saucer it was about 200 ft. up and about 250 ft. away, it was in one place for about 10 seconds. I was very close to it as I could see the Outer Rim Spinning and hear its 48 mm. There were about 6 Windows with white lights on. Their was a Blue flame coming from its rear. Then the flame changed to a Bright Red and it swept clear across the sky at a terrific Speed and out of sight in about 4 seconds.

I do not believe the Saucer was made on earth. Russia or the United States would be far more advanced in Space Science than they are today. Am I right? If so is the Planet Known?

Mr. President I am sure you know a great deal more on this subject than I do.

If all the people I have told no one believes me and I must admit that if some one told me the same thing I too would not -


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

"Believe it, as a matter of fact I do not even believe any part of the bible myself.

One thing sure the Dawn I knew and heard is real, I would stake my life on this any time.

Mr. President even though the public is kept in the dark, I would very much like to know more about this subject and I would keep it to my self as long as I was told too.

Sincerely,
[Signature area blacked out]
Arizona"


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dec 52

9 June 1954

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Your letter of May 17th addressed to the President of the United States has been referred to this office.

I have enclosed ATIC Form 164 for you to complete regarding the sighting you made. As soon as you have completed the form please forward it in the enclosed pre-addressed envelope.

Your interest in this matter is appreciated. For your info, I am enclosing the latest Department of Defense news release, "Air Force UFO Report."

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Phoenix, Arizona


- page 10 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: Dec.   Month: 1952   Year: 1952

2. Time of day: 9:00     (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                             b. Central
                             c. Mountain
                             d. Pacific
                             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: [Redacted]
City or Town: MEMPHIS     State or Country: MICHIGAN

Additional remarks: [Redacted]

5. How long was object in sight?                   10 Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
c. Certain
d. Fairly certain

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
              b. In back of you    e. Overhead
              c. To your right     f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM FEB 60 164   This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 11 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One)
SEE PAGE 9
a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star?

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear-to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush-away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
SEE PAGE 9
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One)   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   (No)
b. Sun glasses   Yes   (No)
c. Windshield   Yes   (No)
d. Window glass   Yes   (No)

e. Binoculars   Yes   (No)
f. Telescope   Yes   (No)
g. Theodolite   Yes   (No)
h. Other:


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound    HUMMING SOUND
    b. Color    SILVER

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. FIRST IN SKY PLACE

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One)   a. Fuzzy or blurred
                   b. Like a bright star
                   c. Sharply outlined
                   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

The document contains a hand-drawn sketch of an oval/elliptical object with various annotations and directional arrows.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A hand-drawn sketch shows a path with annotations like "Rim Spinning" and "Flame"]

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
35° LONG v. 15°

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? NOT VERY MUCH, ABOUT 1/5 OF ONE OF THE SAUCERS WIDTH

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
SEE PAGE 9

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
SEE PAGE 9


- page 14 -

