PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE OF OBS. 21 Dec 50
   TIME OF OBS. 2145

2. LOCATION RAMEY AFB, PUERTO RICA

3. SOURCE Pilots

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Unkn

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION From 2145 to 2150

6. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Spherical shaped, reddish-orange ball of fire was of about on the horizon by F pilots and later same of a/c in Mas 36 A/B. Object approached a/c so left passing over the left wing approx 200 yds away, then disappeared climbing at a high rate of speed.

The document appears to be a Project Blue Book UFO sighting record card from December 21, 1950, located at Ramey Air Force Base in Puerto Rico, involving a sighting by pilots.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART 1,
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

UNCLASSIFIED
IR-178-53

Country
Puerto Rico

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Subject
Unidentified Object

Date of Information
31 Dec 52

From (Agency)
Wing Intelligence, 722nd SRW, Ramey AFB, PR

By
1 Jan 53

Source
Air Crew of RB-36 #20107

Author
BRADFORD D SHUMAN, MAJOR, USAF

Summary
A certified true copy of the report rendered by each of the three aircraft personnel

On the morning of 31 Dec 52, at approximately 0445 hrs., an Aircraft Commander, First Pilot, and last screen commander of an RB-36 (2107) aircraft and a closely observed an unidentified object until the time of its disappearance, at approximately 0450 hrs. During the time of sighting, the object, its was tracked by the Aircraft Commander and the First Pilot that they were flying in outbound heading of 273 degrees from the radio beacon at Ramey and were at an altitude of 9,000 feet. As verified by the late national personnel, it was a claw-shaped object. For the time of night the sighting was made, visibility was excellent.

Both aircraft officers concur that the object was spherical in shape. The last aircraft commander, the Aircraft Commander of the First Aircraft, commented that the object appeared as a reddish-orange ball of flame. The object appeared on the horizon, was seen to approach to the left of the last, passed over the last, and at a distance of approximately three hundred (300) feet or greater, moved away from the last aircraft at a light rate of speed, and then continued to climb until out of sight.

Comments of Preparing Officer:
If any information is available regarding the nature or origin of this object it is requested that this office be advised. No programmed missile lanes are involved. In the final estimate of this report, the close proximity of the reported object presents a serious flying hazard. Any knowledge or opinions offering a solution to this sighting will be helpful.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

[Signature]
BRADFORD D SHUMAN
MAJOR, USAF
Wing Intelligence Officer


- page 2 -

Headquarters
4602d Air Defense Group (Combat)
Ramey Air Force Base, Puerto Rico
31 December 1952

CERTIFICATE

The following is a true copy of the message received in this headquarters, to-wit:

[Most of the middle text is too illegible to read clearly]

[There is a signature at the bottom of the document, but the details are not clearly discernible]


- page 3 -

Headquarters
Air Force Communications Group
Ramey Air Force Base
Puerto Rico

9 December 1952

CLASSIFIED

[Most of the text in the body of the document is too illegible to accurately transcribe. Some words and phrases are partially visible, but not enough to confidently reproduce the full text.]

At the bottom of the document, there appears to be a signature and some additional text, but these are also largely illegible.

The document appears to be an official military communication from Ramey Air Force Base in Puerto Rico, dated 9 December 1952, and marked as "CLASSIFIED".


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS
(Partially illegible text at the top of the document)

31 December 1952

SUBJECT: Flying Saucer Observation

(Most of the body text is too faint/blurry to be reliably OCR'd. Some words and fragments are visible but not enough to confidently reproduce a complete sentence.)

At the bottom of the document, there are some signatures and date stamps, but they are also difficult to read clearly.

The document appears to be a military report about a flying saucer observation, dated 31 December 1952, but the specific details are not legible in this scanned image.


- page 5 -

