PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

DATE: 30 Sep 52
LOCATION: ATLANTIC OCEAN

SOURCE: Coast Guard
ONE

Luminous grayish disc appeared in a break between clouds which were at estimated altitude of 5000'. Object estimated to be 5-6000' in diameter moved between two clouds a few minutes, then started moving; slowly, rapidly increasing its speed to approx 800 m.p.h.

1. This sighting illustrates how experienced military man can be fooled by light phenomena, and it may be a key to many other sightings of this sort.


- page 1 -

UNITED STATES COAST GUARD

COMMANDANT
U. S. COAST GUARD
HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

OCR
23 December 1952

From: Commandant
To: Chief Air Technical Intelligence Center,
Wright - Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Subjt: Flying saucer, possible explanation of one instance

1. A copy of subject report is forwarded for your information.

[Signature]
M. DeARTURO
By direction

Encl: Subject report


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

COPY

30 September, 1952
74

From: Commanding Officer, TANEX (WPG-37)
To: Commander (O)
Via: Commander, 12th Coast Guard District (o)
Subj: Flying saucer

1. One night recently, while on Ocean Station UNCLE, members of this ship observed an apparition in the sky which bore resemblance to what have been reported in the press and elsewhere as "flying saucers". Since it was possible to obtain some clarity in this occasion to identify the cause of this phenomenon, it is considered that a report of the incident may be of some interest.

2. At the time, there was a broken cloud layer at about 5,000 feet, with no mood. Suddenly, there appeared in the sky, at about the level of the clouds, a luminous, grayish-white object. It looked to be about 5-600 feet in diameter and seemed to hover at a position about two miles from the ship. The Commanding Officer, who happened to be on the bridge at the time, had previously regarded reports of flying saucers with skepticism, but was then convinced that this was indeed an object of some sort for which there was no other explanation. After hovering for a while, the object started moving across the sky, slowly at first, and then rapidly, reaching an estimated speed of perhaps 600 miles an hour.

3. And then, almost by chance, the cause of the apparition became evident through a break in the clouds. At some three or four thousand feet above the cloud layer an aircraft in transit was seen to be operating a landing light. The shaft of the beam could be observed where it entered the clouds from above, but from below there was no evidence whatever of any sources of light. The foot of the beam, as viewed from beneath the clouds, presented only a sharply delineated form, oval in shape, appearing to have identity and substance.

4. Had the aircraft not been seen, this occurrence would have been reported in good faith as an observation of a flying saucer. All witnesses were convinced of its authenticity. The explanation set forth above has not been seen in any of the numerous newspaper and margin articles that have discussed this subject, but it appears to be a logical explanation for many cases that are otherwise unaccounted for.

5. It is suggested therefore that this report, or the substance of it, be forwarded to the Air Force group currently investigating reports of flying saucers for such interest or value that it may contain.

/s/
GEORGE D. GREEN


- page 3 -

