PROJECT 10075 RECORD CARD

Location: St. Paul, Minn.

Date: 09/25/52
Time: 0/4:10

Photos: ---

Length of Observation: 10-15 seconds

Brief Summary of Sighting:
Subject hovering, 6-8 aircraft w/ about 
was seen moving run in St. Paul. Object
moved at high speed.

Source: Civilian, 1952

Number of Objects: 1

Course: ---

Comments: Insufficient Data for Evaluation

ATIC FORM 329 (REV. 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
21ST AIR DIVISION
FORT SNELLING, MINNESOTA

NO 319.1                                                      28 Aug 1952

SUBJECT:  PINOCERT

TO:     Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center
        Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
        Dayton, Ohio

Forwarded herewith is PINOCERT in accordance with ATI 200-5, 29 April 1952.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

1 Incl
PINOCERT (1 cy)                                    HALBERT B. HEWITT
                                                   MAJOR        USAF
                                                   ADJUTANT


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112 - PART I
approved 1 June 1948

Country
United States

Report No.                    (Leave Blank)

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Subject                                                From (C.o. ncw)
Area Reported On   St. Paul                Date of Information   2 Aug 52    Evaluation   6
Index of Reports   24                                             

Prepared by (Officer)                      Source
William Wilcke, 2nd Lt. USAF

References (Control number, directive, previous report, etc., as applicable)

Summary: (Enter concise summary of report. Give significance in final one-
sentence paragraph. List locations at lower left. Begin text of
report on AF Form 112 - Part II.)

On 9 August at 181.5, [redacted] of St. Paul, observed an unidentified
elliptical object, flying at a high speed from southeast to northwest. This
object vanished abruptly after being observed for 10 or 15 seconds.

1 Incl
Sketch drawn by [redacted], ATCO)

Distribution by Originator
D/I USAF
CS ADC
CS CAP
CHIAO ATTN: ACML-2c (direct)

NOTE: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United
States within the meaning of the Espionage Act, 50 U.S.C. - 31 and 32, as
amended. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to
an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in
whole or in part, by other than United States Air Force agencies, except by
permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF.

[Classification markings are redacted/blacked out]


- page 3 -

AF FORM 112--PART II
approved 1 June 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

From (Agency)                                  Report No.                     Page 1 of 1 Pages

1. Description: Object resembled a jet aircraft except for no evidence of wings. It appeared to be elliptical with its length being 10 to 12 times its width. Object observed by the pilot of a/c 1252 in color(s) "After being observed over 10 or 15 seconds by R.R. The object vanished with same way a light would which disappeared. The disappearance occurred when the object was apparently stationary in thin clouds."

2. Time of Sighting: 1715, 9 August 1952. Length of observation was 10 to 15 seconds.

3. Form of Observation: Visual

4. Location: Observer was outside his home at (location partially obscured) and observed to 70-15 or 20 degrees above the horizon and traversed the straight line through an arc judged to be about 30 degrees. Object traveled from west to northwest. 2 1/2°

5. Weather: Sky was clear except for a few small clouds.

NOTE: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Act, 50 U.S.C.--31 and 32, as amended. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than United States air force agencies, except by permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF.


- page 4 -

Saturday Aug. 9, 1952
9:00 or 12:15 PM
Magnetic North Pole
(also Inaccurate perhaps)

Object: Silver or
Aluminum Color
Length 10-12times the
Width. Absolutely
Noiseless in flight.

White Cloud

White Cloud

Wind Direction NW to SE

Time to travel 30°
10-155 seconds
(estimated)

First Sighting of Object

Ground Line

Observer St. Paul, Minn.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Holkorn, G. C.,
Nov. 5, 1954

Department of Defense,
Washington, D. C.

I am writing this letter to make a delayed report--delayed because I did not know where to send it--of a "Flying Saucer", or some other strange object seen by me on August 9, 1952, 9:35 p. m., checked by my watch, which was near correct.

Preliminary to trying to give you a word picture of this object and the circumstances and conditions that existed or prevailed at this time will state that about sunset we had a moderate thunderstorm with which lasted with the accompanying rain for about an hour, after which the cloud passed to the East, but leaving the sky dark and overcast for till about 10:00 o'clock, with an occasional flash of lightning to the East and Southwest. My house is in a small town of about 400 population with all the buildings pretty well scattered. Across the street in front of my house a grove of trees covering about a block, with a cleared opening all the way through, a hundred feet wide and narrowing to about 60 feet on the opposite street, past which there is a decline or reaching several hundred yards, then bottom land of a creek for half a mile, then upgrade for half a mile to about the level of my house. In experience, between the hall on which I live and ones on the other is probably not more than 50 feet, and there is a clear view from my house to the horizon when I look down the cleared or open lanes.

On the August night mentioned I was at home alone reading in a front room. About a quarter past (10:50 I went on the porch to smoke and cool off a little. The thermometer on the porch registered 85 degrees. I was looking straight down this electric line in front of me and in the dark toward the dark clouds. On the left of the line the trees were tall all the way across, but on the right side there were no tall trees except one or two at the end of the lane.

Suddenly through the foliage of the tall trees on the right I saw a light moving, and I was looking directly at it when it crossed the end of the lane and disappeared behind the nearby tall trees that further obstructed my view. I had a clear and perfect view of the object for five or six seconds. This object was perfect round. The center of it was perfectly round and bright rose colored read, eighteen inches or so in diameter, and around this red very bright bluish of more than a foot broad and perfectly round, and round this there was a white, steamish looking circle a foot or more broad and perfectly round--apparently dimmer at the edges. A plainer, brighter picture could not be painted. The colors were plainer than my picture, and it was lower than the clouds with a thick close for a background, and was traveling, apparently from East to West, to Northwest, on the rise.

My eyes were probably six feet above level ground, and there it came into clear view and probably fifty feet above land or trees.

End - Possible meteorite


- page 6 -

I have no idea the distance it was any from me. It could have been a mile or any miles, but it did not come out of a cloud, and no underneath the cloud.

This was not imagination, neither did it come from any reflection. Nor was it caused by any effect of my eyes, though I am 73 years old, my perception. I was for reading I only used them I was old. I did not have them on at the time I saw this object. It did not excite me at all.

I checked my watch for this time, went a short distance to a neighbor's house and related to him what I had seen, and also wrote a short letter to the Charlotte Obs. Observer, which this paper published. I told him I saw this object. I have found out since that other unusual things in the air in the day time and at night, but since people are inclined to take such accounts as a joke or a delusion they do not care to tell about them.

I have seen many meteors in my life time—and one large one that exploded in the air, also Northern Lights, total eclipse of the sun, balloons, airplanes, etc., but I have never seen anything except perfectly bright lights of?

The color like a star or meteor, and was until I saw this object, as skeptical as any one could be about flying saucers. Now I believe what I read about most of them. Several unusual things have been in South Carolina that probably have never been reported.

Respectfully,

[Signature redacted]

P.S. - I am not much used to explaining, so can't go into detail, and spelling, etc., perhaps you can get what I have tried to write.


- page 7 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE - 4697.00

SECTION A
1. When did you see the object?
1.1 Date: 10 09 1952
           Day   Month   Year

1.2 Time of Day: 11:45 AM A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)

1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
    a. Eastern            d. Pacific
    b. Central            e. Other
    c. Mountain

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                  b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
    your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain            c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain     d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object:
   [Redacted] St. Paul         Ramsey        Country
   City or Town    State

   Additional Remarks: Object was sighted at 11:45 PM at
   [partially illegible text]

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
   (Circle One): a. Inside a building     d. In an airplane
                 b. In a car              e. At sea
                 c. Outdoors              f. Other

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                  b. In the residential section of a city?
                  c. In open countryside?
                  d. Flying near an airfield?
                  e. Flying over a city?
                  f. Flying over open country?
                  g. Other


- page 8 -

4. How did you happen to notice the object?
Slight Motion, Metallic shine and Globular shape of object

B. Highlighted or gradual change in appearance

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
12:20-9       Aug        1952
Day        Month        Year

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? Crossing with night with myself

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object?
Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
A. Driving on the back yard Saturday
B. Continuing my usual weekend activity
had just returned from Church service

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One): 
Yes or (No) 9/13

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One): a. North        e. South
               b. Northeast   f. Southwest
               c. East        g. West
               d. Southeast   h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? NO miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): (Yes) or No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North        e. South
               b. Northeast   f. Southwest
               c. East        g. West
               d. Southeast   h. Northwest

B. vertically.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

8.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North             e. South
             b. Northeast         f. Southwest
             c. East              g. West
             d. Southeast         h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question and preceding question (8 and 8.1).
    a. Certain           c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes or (No)

10. How was the object seen?
    (Circle One): a. Through window glass    e. Through theodolite
                 b. Through windshield       f. Through sunglasses
                 c. Through binoculars       g. Through open space
                 d. Through telescope        h. Other _________

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)                     11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
     a. Clear sky                                a. Dry
     b. Hazy                                     b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
     c. Scattered clouds                         c. Moderate or heavy rain
     d. Thick or heavy clouds                    d. Snow
     e. Don't remember                           e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)                       11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
     a. No wind                                  a. Cold
     b. Slight breeze                            b. Cool
     c. Strong wind                              c. Warm
     d. Don't remember                           d. Hot
                                                 e. Don't remember

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object? _____ Blmn B _____ 
                                         Hours  Minutes  Seconds


- page 10 -

Page 4

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly sure
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent

14. Did the object at any time:
    14.1 Change direction?       Yes   No   Don't know
    14.2 Change speed?           Yes   No   Don't know
    14.3 Change size?            Yes   No   Don't know
    14.4 Change color?           Yes   No   Don't know
    14.5 Break up into parts or
         explode?                Yes   No   Don't know
    14.6 Give off smoke?         Yes   No   Don't know
    14.7 Change brightness?      Yes   No   Don't know
    14.8 Flicker, throb, or
         pulsate?                Yes   No   Don't know
    14.9 Remain motionless?      Yes   No   Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't know

15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? [blank]

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
    16.1 Sound        None
    16.2 Color        Light reflected off Aluminum

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.
    [Notation: "BD"]

18. Did the object at any time:   [Notation: A No]
    18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know

    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind. [blank line]


- page 11 -

Page 5

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pen                                                 f. Automobile
b. Baseball                                           g. Small airplane
c. Basketball                                         h. Large airplane
d. Bicycle wheel                                      i. Dirigible
e. Office desk                                        j. Other _______

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.
a. Certain                                            c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain                                     d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? Don't know (feet)
20.2 How far was it from you? Don't know miles.
20.3 How fast was it going? Don't know miles per hour. Very fast
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain                                            c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain                                     d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly                             c. Other
             b. Gradually                             d. Don't remember

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

[A hand-drawn diagram with labels "Overhead", "You", "Horizon", and some additional handwritten notes]


- page 12 -

Page 6

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

[A diagram is shown with a semicircle representing the horizon, with "You" at the bottom center, and various markings indicating the path of an object from first sighting to last sighting]

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

Object illustrated 23
B object did not move

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A sketch of two objects is shown, with handwritten notes]

Object
B object spherical
Dimension approx 12 x Y


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes or No

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I believe without any doubt in my mind whatsoever that these objects were performing scientific research

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS St Paul 6, Minn
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? Adhesive Research Engineer
Age 45
Sex Male

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No
A - NO
B - YES

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
MY WIFE
neighbor, maybe not a neighbor edge water Blvd


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 8

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper, if necessary.

To the best of my ability, I have reviewed
your questionnaire without exaggeration.

The object I saw on Saturday could be
mistaken for a jet plane but if all complete
silence and disappearance, I expect would
be eliminated by the following circumstances:
If jet were far enough away to be hindered if would few
to be at least six miles away, a mile 12 miles is clear
would 5280 x 12 = 63,360 ft. in air. Now to get
time about 3 min. 15 miles x 60 = 1080 miles per hour

The object I saw Friday was like a great silver ball
in the blue sky. As we watched a slow down seemed
to gradually rule the object and completely vanished
his was not due to a cloud. If disappeared completely
from sight in the clear sky, the sun was very bright
at this moment. I went to the house got my 7x50
binoculars but I could not find
it again now could my work. I later contacted
Naval Mills Research Laboratory and they told
me there were no balloons in that area Sunday
or previously. To be a mechanical device, something
in flight, never seen before or after. Your lights

[Note: The last line appears to be cut off, and there is a blacked-out section at the bottom of the page.]


- page 15 -

