PROJECT CARD RECORD

BEVERLY MASS

2 Coast guardsman

2-30 sec     4

Two coast guard photographers observed and photographed four bright lights over Salem coast guard station.

4. Photo Recon. Lab. analysis photographs as "open to doubt because there are no reflections of lights on nearby parked cars".


- page 1 -

DISPOSITION FORM

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

FILE NO: [Blank]
SUBJECT: (Uncl.) Analysis of Photos

TO: MCIGFP
FROM: ATIAC-5

DATE: AUG 1 1952 COMMENT NO. 1
Lt Rothstein/va
6636l/Bldg 2637/P D-28

Enclosed are photographs taken by a U.S. Coast Guard photographer. We would like these photographs analyzed.

2 Incls:
1. Ist dtd 7/21/52 w/photo (in dupl)
2. Wire, HQ USAF (in dupl)

[Signature of] DONALD L. BOMER, Colonel, USAF
Chief, Technical Analysis Division
Air Technical Intelligence Center

TO: ATIAC-5
Attn: Captain Ruppelt

FROM: WGBFP-2

DATE: AUG 28 1952 COMMENT NO. 2
Mr. Chapman/ms
31381/B17/R119

1. A study has been completed of the Coast Guard negative of unknown aerial objects. A full report to describe the steps in this study will be sent to you in a short time. Until it is completed, this brief summary will contain the findings of the Photo Reconnaissance Laboratory.

2. The central point in question is the apparent brightness of the 4 objects coupled with the total absence of any corresponding highlights or reflections of these objects from the automobiles in the picture. The brightness of these objects would appear to be of the same order of magnitude as the reflections of the sun in the chromium bumpers and trim of the automobiles. This is indicated by the enclosed prints in Series A, numbered on the reverse side in pencil, and representing: A-1 is normal print exposure time, A-2 is double this exposure time, A-3 is four times, and A-4 is eight times.

3. Further examination of the Series A prints shows no trace of highlights on the automobiles caused by the objects. All bright spots that can be seen are directly related to the sun, which is to the rear and to the left of the camera position. There are, however, surfaces which should show highlights, eg. the auto directly under the largest object. It is obviously a fairly new car, with average polish to the paint. Yet nowhere on the roof is any suggestion of an overhead illumination directly from the object.

DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

DD FORM 96 REPLACES WNE FORM 96, 1 OCT 45, WHICH MAY BE USED.


- page 2 -

"Analysis of Photos" (Uncl)                                                   AUG 2 8 1952

4. This point has been tested experimentally in the Series B and C prints. A standard studio photoflood lamp was placed above and some 50 ft beyond a row of parked automobiles beside the Photographic Reconnaissance Laboratory. A camera was set up on an elevated platform, about 200 ft from the central auto in the photograph, indicating by the photoflood lamp directly above it. The Series B prints show the cars with the lamp turned off, while the Series C prints show the same scene with the lamp on. An unmistakable bright line highlight can be seen in the car appearing directly under the lamp, a highlight which can be seen when the lamp is off. A similar bright line should be seen somewhere on the top of the car in Series A prints, had distant bright objects been actually located as indicated.

5. Series D prints show how easy it is to construct a hoax by means of double exposure. The glowing objects, hovering over the Photographic Reconnaissance Laboratory, are multiple exposures of a single street lamp, extension type. The film was multiply exposed at night, with a dark view field surrounding the lamp. The daytime exposure of the building was carefully oriented to produce the aerial hovering effect. However, the fraud is indicated because no highlights may be seen in the auto roofs. (The possibility of building shading in Series D is not existent in Series A).

6. It is therefore concluded that the authenticity of the picture, taken by the Coast Guard photographer, is open to serious doubt.

1 Incl
Series A (4 Prints)
Series B (4 Prints)
Series C (4 Prints)
Series D (2 Prints)

[Signed]
DELMAR B. AVERY, Colonel, USAF
Chief, Photo Reconnaissance Lab
Weapons Components Division

CONCURRENCE:
[Signature]

2


- page 3 -

This case includes two (2) 8"x10" photographs, fourteen (14) 4"x5" photographs.


- page 4 -

Text found on the document:

A1

A2

The images appear to be two black and white photographs. The top image (A1) shows a landscape with a building or industrial structure on the left side and what seems to be a field or open area with some vehicles in the foreground. The bottom image (A2) is similar but includes some white oval-shaped objects in the sky/field area, and has the same building/industrial structure visible on the left side.


- page 5 -

The image contains two black and white photographs, both appearing to be of a dark background with several small white or light-colored objects (possibly UFOs or unidentified aerial phenomena) visible. The photographs are labeled "A3" and "A4" respectively. The images are grainy and have a vintage, documentary-style appearance typical of mid-20th century photographic documentation. No other text is visible on the page.


- page 6 -

The only text I can see in this image are two labels:

B3 (on the first photograph)
B4 (on the second photograph)

The page contains two black and white photographs that appear grainy and low contrast, with no discernible clear details due to the poor image quality.


- page 7 -

The only text I can see in this image are two labels:

C1 (next to the top photograph)
C4 (next to the bottom photograph)

The top photograph shows a long building with multiple windows, with several parked cars in front of it and railroad tracks in the foreground. The bottom photograph appears to be a very grainy, dark image with no discernible details.


- page 8 -

The only text I can see in this document are two labels:

C3 (on the top right of the top image)
C2 (on the right side of the bottom image)

The document appears to contain two very similar black and white photographs of what seems to be a landscape with some structures or buildings in the distance, possibly with some objects in the foreground. The images are grainy and low contrast, typical of mid-20th century photography.


- page 9 -

The only text I can see in this image are the labels "Lv." and "D2" on the bottom right of the two photographs. The images appear to be black and white photographs of a large building or facility with some vehicles in the foreground, with the second image showing three circular objects on the building's roof.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

ACTION

AIR 64
AFM DE AIR
PP JEDFN JEDMP 222
DF JEPHQ 78C
P 171227
FM HQ USAF WASHDC
TO JEDFN/CCAIRDEFCOM ENT AFB COLO
JEDWP/ATIC WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
CABLE FROM CGAS SALEM MASS IS QUOTED FOR YOUR INFORMATION CLN
SUSPICIOUS OBJECTS UNIDENTIFIABLE SIGHTED BY 2 RELIABLE ENLISTED
MEN THIS UNIT AT @9350 FROM AIR STATION. 4 OBJECTS CIRCULAR IN
SHAPE IN V FORMATION APPARENTLY OVER BEVERLY MASSACHUSETTS LOW
ALTITUDE. ORIGINALLY SIGHTED BY STATION PHOTOGRAPHER. ATTENTION
ATTRACTED BY VERY BRIGHT LIGHT. CLEAR PHOTOGRAPH OBTAINED. COPIES
BEING AIRMAILED THIS DATE TO ACTION AND INFORMATION ADEFS.
WEATHER. CLEAR. THIN BROKEN 2800 FEE VISIBILITY 6 MILES WINDS
SOUTHWEST 8 KNOTS ALTIMETER 3005 TEMP 84°
17/0132Z JUL JEPHQ

The document appears to be a military communication about an unidentified flying object sighting in Beverly, Massachusetts.


- page 11 -

UFO SIGHTING
SALEM, MASSACHUSETTS
16 July 1952

On 16 July 1952 a photograph of four objects was taken by the USCG station photographer at Salem, Massachusetts. The photograph was submitted to ATIC for analysis and the analysis was completed on 1 Aug 52. Analysis was made from the original negative which was returned to the Coast Guard at their request. The results of this analysis indicated that the photo was a hoax. Extensive photographs were taken under similar conditions. Failure of the light source to cast reflections on the highly polished cars below indicated that the light was not outside and it was assumed by the analyst at the time, that the photo was a double exposure and for this reason was a hoax. A subsequent examination of this photo was made in October 1963 and the following analysis is indicated as a more probable cause.

The photo was taken through a window with a 4/5 Busch Pressman Camera (135 MM F4.7 Raptar lens with Rapax shutter), loaded with 4/5 Super XX cut film). The photographer observed several lights which seemed to be wavering. He observed the lights for 5 or 6 seconds and grabbed the camera, which had been on a nearby table. The focus was adjusted to in-finity. The photographer pulled the slide in preparation for the picture when he noticed that the lights had dimmed. He assumed at the time that the object he saw was a reflection. He ran out of the room to get an additional witness, and upon returning noticed that the lights were again brilliant. When they went to the window the lights were gone. He again stated that perhaps some sort of refraction or ground reflection could possibly account for the lights.

The following points are deemed pertinent to analysis. The camera was focused on infinity and the picture taken through a window. As the witness approached the window the objects dimmed, as he returned to his point of initial observation and at the second observation as he reentered the room the lights were again pulled. The objects as photographed appear fuzzy and out of focus. The cars and buildings outside are sharply outlined. The window frame inside the building is out of focus. All four objects have the same outline and general configuration, in spite of the blurring.

Conclusion: It is believed that the photos represent light reflections from an interior source (probably the ceiling lights) on the window through which the photo was taken. With the camera set on infinity the window would be more out of focus than the lights. The lights will still be out of focus since the distance from the lights to the window and back to the camera lens would still be shorter than the distance required for


- page 12 -

UNITED STATES COAST GUARD

OPT
1 August 1952

Commandant
U. S. Coast Guard
Headquarters
Washington 25, D.C.

Captain
Air Force Technical Intelligence
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain

At the request of Major Fournet, Air Force Intelligence, Pentagon, Washington, we are sending you the original negative of the aerial phenomena photograph for your scrutiny.

When you have finished with it, we would like to have it back.

Very truly yours,

W. D. STRAUCH, JR.
Lieutenant Commander, USCG
Acting Chief, Public Information
Division

Encl-Original Negative
U. S. Coast Guard Official Photo # 5584


- page 13 -

UNITED STATES COAST GUARD

COMMANDANT
U. S. COAST GUARD
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

CPT
18 August, 1952

AIRMAIL REGISTERED MAIL

Captain [redacted]
Air Tech. Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain [redacted]

In accordance with the telephonic request of Major D. J. Fournet, we are forwarding herewith the depositions and investigation report of unusual aerial phenomena. This material, previously classified secret, has been declassified.

Very truly yours,

W. D. STROUGH, JR.
LCDR, USCG
Acting Chief, Public Information Division

Incls:
Deposition of [redacted]
Deposition of [redacted]
Agent's report


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Acting News Aug 14/1952

Flying Saucers, Disks, or What?
The Camera Catches 4 of Them

[Caption under photo] - United Press Telephoto of Coast Guard Photo

Here's the picture snapped by Coast Guardsman Shell R. Alpert.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 1 (JP)— Coast Guard Headquarters today made public a photograph of what appears to be four unidentified phenomena taken by a Coast Guard photographer.

The photo clearly shows four round objects. Each appears to have two identical shafts of light extending across its center and protruding at the forward and rear ends. The lights are in a "V" formation.

The Coast Guard said it had no opinion as to the cause of the objects and was releasing the picture only because of the widespread public interest in aerial phenomena.

The picture was snapped by Shell R. Alpert, Salem, Mass.

Air Station photographer, who said he sighted several brilliant, white lights through the Air Station's telescope window at 8 a.m. July 16.

"Alpert watched the lights for five or six seconds before attempting to photograph them," the article continues. "By the time he had focused his camera the lights were reported 'considerably dimmed down.'"

16 July 52 [handwritten at bottom of page]


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

NEW YORK HERALD TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, AUGUST 2, 1952

Flying Saucers?—A Coast Guard Photograph

Photograph released by the Coast Guard yesterday made July 16 by Shell R. Alpert at Coast Guard Air Station in Salem, Mass.

Coast Guard Gets Picture of 'Objects' in Sky

'Saucer' in a Parking Lot, Shown in Photo of Four, Prove to Be White Rock

By G. B. Allen

WASHINGTON, Aug. 1.—Coast Guard headquarters today released a picture of "four round objects" or lights snapped when they appeared briefly in the sky near the Salem, Mass., Coast Guard air station at 9:35 a. m. July 16. It said the "phenomenal photograph" was the first daylight "saucer" made. "We want to see these," Coast Guard officials said, but was in no way sponsoring the reality of "flying saucers."

Officials who save the pictures to the press said they vouched only for the fact that the original had been taken by Shell R. Alpert, a twenty-one-year-old Coast Guard photographer, of Denver, in the presence of Thomas Flaherty, of Marshfield, Mass., a hospital man first class at the air station.

The Coast Guard did not say the negative had not been tampered with in any way. "The objects are unidentified," said an official. "We have no explanation of what these 'objects' or lights resemble a safe aircraft battery but said there was no Army or Navy firing range in the vicinity of Salem.

"Saucer" in a Parking Lot

Only after the pictures had been given out did Coast Guard head quarters discover what appeared to be a far more perfect "saucer" than the aerial lights neatly grounded at the edge of a parking lot.


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NEW YORK WORLD-TELEGRAM AND SUN, WEDNESDAY, JULY 30, 1952

W.T. 25 July 30, 1952

AF Studying
Photograph of
Disk Formation
By JIM G. LUCAS,
Scripps-Howard Staff Writer
WASHINGTON, July 30.—The
Air Force is checking the authenticity of a photograph purporting to show five flying saucers
in formation over Salem, Mass.

The picture was taken by Coast
Guardsman at Salem last Thursday about 10 a.m. It was flown
to Coast Guard headquarters in
Washington and then turned over
to the Air Force. It is now at
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio, where flying saucer
reports are investigated and evaluated. I saw it yesterday in the
office of:

Capt. E. J. Ruppelt, the Air
Force's flying saucer expert, had
it in his brief case—unmentioned
through a press conference in
which Maj. Gen. John A. Samford, Air Force intelligence chief,
over Washington, Capt. Ruppelt
still had it in his briefcase when
he took a plane for Dayton at
noon today.

Believe What's Proved
In the Salem picture, the flying saucers—if that's what they
are—appear saucer-shaped white objects with wavy edges suspended
in air. If the photograph can be
accepted at face value, it is the
first daylight picture of flying
saucers. Although several photographs have been taken of flying
saucers, all previous pictures of
Air Force invariably have explained them as balloons, meteors or
bursting fireballs.

Although the sky is light in the
photo, the white objects which
may be flying are easily distinguishable. They somewhat resemble, but could not be confused
with, clouds. There are several
buildings in the foreground.

Capt. Ruppelt, who has spent
several years checking and plotting flying saucers, said he has
made no bookwink in his quest
and he believes nothing which
cannot be proved.

He points out that a single photograph was submitted. There was
no negative. That invariably happens, he said. The Air Force has
yet to get hold of a negative of
a flying saucer picture.

Without questioning anyone's
integrity, Capt. Ruppelt said the picture is a fake. He said the alleged saucer-appear to have been
painted in. Their somewhat irregular, wavy edges indicate an
attempt to fake.

"Wouldn't know," Capt. Ruppelt
said, "whether this was part of
his business to look for such
things. I could easily be fooled by
a composite picture."

Won't Get Panicky
Gen. Sanford said he is "convinced in my own mind" that the
saucers reported over Washington
are the result of optical illusions or hallucinations. He
said they are not secret weapons
or machines produced in this
country. He was equally sure they
were not coming from another
country. He discounted the idea
they came from another planet.

Gen. Sanford conceded that a
number of "credible observers"
have reported seeing these "incredible things." He said the Air
Force will continue to check saucer reports "adequate but not
frantic attention."


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

SALEM, MASS.
N.Y.H.T. Book Section
JY 8, 1952

A Coast Guard photograph taken on July 16, 1952 at an air station in Salem, Mass. The Coast Guard caption, headed "What Are They?" called as picture "phenomenal" and described the object in the sky as "brilliant lights."


- page 18 -

There is no legible text in this image. The photograph appears to be a black and white image showing an industrial building with smokestacks in the background, with some vintage automobiles parked in the foreground on what seems to be a grassy or open area.


- page 19 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing an industrial building with two smokestacks, some trees in the background, and several vintage cars parked in the foreground.


- page 20 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. There appears to be some text along the left margin and top of the page, but it is not clearly readable. There is a form or document template visible in the upper portion of the page, but the specific details cannot be discerned.


- page 21 -

a clear picture with the lens setting on infinity. The objects outside the building would be in focus. The apparent brightness of the reflection would decrease as the photograph decreased in the window. The initial photo analysis indicating the magnitude of the light and substantiation of fact that the light source was not external is correct. There is no indication of any attempt to pervert a hoax. The photo received is similar to many others taken through windows which have been confirmed as reflections of an interior light source. Had the camera been focused for a shorter distance the outlining of the interior light source would have been sharper. It is believed that there is sufficient evidence to substantiate the evaluation of this photo as reflections of internal light sources.

2


- page 22 -

Treasury Department
U.S. Coast Guard
CG-947 (6-47)                     AGENT'S REPORT                     Page 1 of ____pages

SUBJECT                                                               REPORTING UNIT
Unidentified airborne objects; Observation of;                        Intelligence, 1CCD(opl)
report of

ORIGIN OF CASE                                                        DATE
                                                                      17 July 1952
Commander, First Coast Guard District (opl)

DISTRIBUTION
                                                                      C1CGD
                                                                      OIN
INVESTIGATORS                                                         file
R. G. EASTMAN

This investigation was predicated on information received from the
CO, Coast Guard Air Station, Salem, Massachusetts, concerning unidentified
airborne objects sighted near the Air Station.

[Redacted] (292-624) SN, official photographer for the Air
Station was interviewed at 0845, 17 July 1952, in the photo lab at the
Air Station. Statement enclosed.

[Redacted] (273-206) HM1, was interviewed in the sick bay
at the Air Station at 0930, 17 July 1952. Statement enclosed.

The above are the only known eye-witnesses to the subject objects. No
factual information could be learned concerning the size, shape, altitude,
speed, sound or direction of motion of the objects.

All personnel interviewed or questioned were informed that any in-
formation concerning the objects was "SECRET" and should not be discussed
with any one without permission from the CO.

/s/ [Redacted]                                                        Refer
                                                                      JANAP 146 A
Encls:                                                                P.G.E.
(a) Statement of
(b) Statement of
(c) Photos

Declassified
7-29-52 P.G.E.

CERTIFIED TO BE A TRUE COPY:

[Signature]
W. D. STRAUCH, LTJG, USCG


- page 23 -

COPY

STATEMENT OF UNUSUAL OCCURRENCES OBSERVED AND PHOTOGRAPHED APPROXIMATELY
0935, 16 July, 1952 from photo office window, U. S. COAST GUARD AIR STATION,
Salem, Mass. by Station Photographer:

I was sitting in the Photo Office filing negatives with my back toward the
window when I turned slightly in the direction of the window and noticed
something bright outside. I observed the sky and saw what appeared to be
several bright - almost brilliant - lights slightly on the starboard side
of the power plant area smoke stacks. I could not determine:

1- Size of lights
2- Number of lights
3- Altitude of lights
4- Sound, if any
5- Speed of lights, if any
6- Direction of lateral or vertical motion
7- Shape of lights

The color temperature of the lights was a high number of Kelvin degrees -
extremely brilliant and white. They seemed to be wavering, but I am not
certain of this. I observed these lights for possibly 5 or 6 seconds
and then turned to a 4/5 Busch Pressmah Camera (135 MM Fl./7 Raptar
lens) with a Paxar shutter, loaded with 4/5 Super XX film). I had this
camera on the desk in order to clean the lens and was not certain there
was film in it. I adjusted the focusing scale roughly to infinity, pulled
the slide and pressed to shoot the picture when I noticed the lights were
considerably dimmed down. I assumed that what I had seen was merely some
sort of reflection, but I rushed out of the lab into the Sick Bay and got
the film. HM to come back to the window with me. As I entered the
office, I noticed that the lights were again burning brightly and without
saying anything to him I dived for the camera and hit the shutter.
After which I told him to look out and as he and I did there was a momentary
flash and we could no longer see any lights. I developed the film which
was exposed at about 1/50th second, f 4.7; in Dokol 1:1 for about 3 3/4 minutes,
the developing agent immediately at hand. After I had fixed and washed the
negative, I took it to CDR. XO for his examination.

It was an extremely hot day and I think that perhaps some sort of refraction
of ground reflections could possibly have accounted for the lights, but in
my estimation this is an improbable explanation. The lens was quite dirty
and so was the window screen. I cannot in all honesty say that I saw objects
or aircraft, merely some manner of lights.

Submitted 17 July, 1952

/s/ [redacted]
Station Photographer

CERTIFIED TO BE A TRUE COPY:
Declassified 7-29-52
P.G.E.

W. D. STRAUCH, JR., LCDR, USCG


- page 24 -

COPY

UNITED STATES COAST GUARD

Address reply to:                                                                                                File:
                                                                                                                17 July, 1952.

Statement of unusual occurrence observed by Base Hospitalman at approximately
0930, 16 July, 1952, from photo lab window, 60 Air Station, Salem, Mass.

While working on daily reports I was summoned by Base Photographer, one
SN(PH) who called me to look and look at airborne lights. 
Looking out the window to the North West there appeared to be what was thought
to be a quick flash. I actually could not say that it was anything. It could
have been reflection from passing cars or from the ocean.

/s/ [redacted]

Declassified 7-29-52
P.G.E.

CERTIFIED TO BE A TRUE COPY:

W. D. STRAUCH, LT, LCDR, USCG


- page 25 -

UNCLASSIFIED

ID-OSI 24-259

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

SUBJECT: (Unclassified) Reporting of Information on
Unconventional Aircraft (Salem, Massachusetts)
SPECIAL INQUIRY

TO: Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters, USAF
Washington 25, D. C.

SYNOPSIS:

On 16 July 1952, at approximately 0935 hours, [redacted], USCG Station Photographer, U. S. Coast Guard Air Station, Salem, Mass., observed four (4) unidentified airborne objects in the sky above the station. A photograph of the objects was taken. No activity or condition developed that accounts for sighting.

DETAILS:

At 1145 hours, 16 July 1952, a telephone call was received from Commander, USCG, Commanding Officer, U. S. Coast Guard Air Station, Salem, Mass., reporting that two of his men had observed unusual airborne objects at approximately 0935 hours, 16 July 1952, and that one of the men had taken a photograph of the objects. On 16 July 1952, Commander MC GUE was contacted by Special Agent [redacted], and the following information obtained:

a. USCG Station Photographer, U.S. Coast Guard Air Station, Salem, Mass., noticed a very brilliant light in the sky of the station. Accompanied by a colleague, 273-206 [illegible], USCG, who was in the same building and also saw a bright light in the sky. [illegible] Furnished the following information:

UNCLASSIFIED - DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS


- page 26 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

b. Three (3) objects glowing bright and then light and disappeared like a light being dimmed with a rheostat. Objects appeared to waver slightly and glow as a light source. Could not determine the shape nor formation, according to features, or propulsion system. Did not hear any sound and could not tell if the objects were moving. After always developed the photograph, he noted that there was a difference in numbers than that he had observed.

c. Objects sighted at approximately 0935 hours, 16 July 1952 and were observed for approximately 25 - 30 seconds.

d. Observed through a fine mesh screen window. Photograph was taken through the same window with a 4 x 5 Busch Pressman, with an f 4.7 raptar lens, 125 mm, with settings of f 4.7 at 1/50th of a second, on Kodak Super XX film.

f. has been a member of the U. S. Coast Guard for one and one-half years, and previously attended the Art Center School, Los Angeles, California. Was a member of the U. S. Navy for two years, seven months, and U. S. Coast Guard for five years. Commander advised that as an excellent photographer, and that both and are very stable and reliable.

g. Weather conditions, as reported by U. S. Coast Guard Station meteorology office for 0923 hours, 16 July 1952, are as follows: thin, broken clouds at 23,000 ft., visibility six (6) miles, wind southwest eight (8) knots, altimeter setting 3.05, temperature 54°F.

h. No activity or condition is known that might account for the sighting.

i. Photograph taken of the objects is attached as an inclosure.

j. No interceptor or identification action taken. Sighting of objects was not reported to Commander until approximately fifteen to thirty minutes after they were observed.

was of the opinion that the light in the sky was a reflection of a plane or light reflected off an invisible windshield, could give no further account of the sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED

2


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

ID-GSI 24-C-259

UNCLASSIFIED

ACTION:

Two (2) copies of this report will be forwarded to the Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, Attention MCXL. No further action taken by this District.

1 Incls
Photo of objects (trip)

Cen CO, AMC, w/incl (duq)

[Signature of] Robert H. Gaylord, Jr.
Major, USAF
District Commander

UNCLASSIFIED

3


- page 28 -

