Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
Feb 52

2. LOCATION
Gonzales, Texas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1730

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[Ground Visual] □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[x] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian man

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
[Other "SAUCER MYTH"]

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Aluminum color. Normal flight.

11. COMMENTS
[Mostly illegible text in this section]

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
[x] Other "SAUCER MYTH"
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 25 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

UNCLASSIFIED

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

DATE: 12 June 1952
REPORT MADE BY: RUEBEN STRICKLAND, S/A
REPORT MADE AT: DO #10, Kelly AFB, Texas
TITLE: Unusual Aerial Phenomena Sighted from Gonzales, Texas, and Vicinity
PERIOD: 20-21 May 1952
DO OF ORIGIN: DO #10, Kelly AFB, Texas
STATUS: CLOSED

SPECIAL INQUIRY
NOTING: This is an initial report.

SYNOPSIS:
Investigation initiated by District Commander, based on information from FBI Field Office, San Antonio, Texas, that two persons had observed an unusual aerial phenomena. Investigation revealed that all of Gonzales, Texas, had observed an aerial phenomena east of Gonzales, Texas, during summer of 1951, and one which, Gonzales, Texas, had seen two (2) unusual aerial objects, one while driving through Shiner, Texas, and one while driving on Highway #3 at Oak Forest, Texas. One was unusual because it appeared to vanish into a ball of fire, and the other because it had no markings or insignia. While driving south on Highway #3, approximately one (1) mile north of Gonzales, Acquaintances stated reliability. All other interviews were considered reliable.

DISTRIBUTION:
CC, AMC, Wright-Patterson AFB
ATTN: MCIS
Hq OSI
File

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO:
Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

APPROVED:
John G. Shore
Colonel, USAF
District Commander

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

The second phenomena he saw was on a Monday shortly after Valentine's Day 1952. The object had been observed while he and his brother, [redacted], were at, Gonzales, Texas, were doing on Main Street in Shiner, Texas, going north. The object was seen first while going north on Main Street and then again after the turn on Main Street was made which caused them to then be traveling in a west north west direction. It was considered unusual because it disappeared into what appeared to be a ball of fire.

The [redacted] gave the following information concerning the sighting of the objects:

Q. Date of observation?
A. On Monday sometime after Valentine's Day in February 1952.

Q. Exact time of observation (local)?
A. 6:30 to 6:00 PM.

Q. Place of observation?
A. Saw object while on Main Street in Shiner. Object again observed at city limits of Shiner on Hallettsville and Gonzales Highway.

Q. Position of observer (air, car, building, location of - give details)?
A. Riding in car. 40 PM.

4

[Stamps at bottom: "CONFIDENTIAL", "SECURITY INFORMATION", "UNCLASSIFIED"]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

24-39/6

DETAILS (Cont'd)

Q. What attracted attention to object?
A. Just happened to see object while on Main Street. Disappeared from view and reappeared as above.

Q. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping?
A. One.

Q. Apparent size (compare to known objects, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or fist at arm's length)?
A. Size of single engine plane at 3/4 mile distance.

Q. Color of object?
A. Aluminum in color.

Q. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object)?
A. Unable to make out any features - maybe oval.

Q. Altitude (angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead)?
A. 22½ degree angle from horizon.

Q. Direction from observer (angle clockwise from North)?
A. About 300° from north.

Q. Direction of flight of object?
A. Traveling from east to west.

Q. Time in sight?
A. Fifteen (15) minutes.

Q. Speed (time to cover given angular distance)?
A. Traveling normal speed of fighter plane at first sighting - from second sighting until 1 disappeared (size of fighter plane) it disappeared in matter of 2 - 3 minutes.

Q. Sound and odor?
A. No sound or odor.

Q. Distance from observer (distance to town, building, etc., over which object appeared to be)?
A. First sighting 3/4 mile - second sighting 1 mile.

Q. Trail (color, length, width, persistance, etc.)?
A. None.

5

CONFIDENTIAL
SECURITY INFORMATION
UNCLASSIFIED


- page 4 -

24-39/6

DETAILS (Cont'd)

Q. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of brilliance)?
A. One-half (1/2) minute after sighting second time a bright light (as bright as sun) appeared. Sun and object were together for comparison. More reflection on of sun off object. Light lasted about fifteen (15) seconds.

Q. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, canopies, etc.)?
A. Unable to distinguish if had any projections.

Q. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. - sketch of flight path)?
A. Straight line of flight.

Q. Manner of disappearance?
A. Distance became so great object disappeared.

Q. Effect on clouds?
A. Clouds had no effect on visibility. No effect on clouds.

Q. Additional information concerning object?
A. None.

Q. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting?
A. Sun was setting, visibility unlimited, good lights.

Q. Did observer wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at time of sighting or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material?
A. Viewed through windshield of car. View clear.

Q. Name and address of observer?
A. [Redacted]

Q. Occupation and hobbies?
A. Attending High School. Airplane and Hot Rod enthusiast.
- Build model aircraft.

[Markings at top and bottom of document: "CONFIDENTIAL", "UNCLASSIFIED"]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

CONFIDENTIAL
SECURITY INFORMATION                                UNCLASSIFIED

24-30/3

DETAILS (Cont'd)

Q. Additional information concerning object?
A. Thought at first could have been a cloud at first then decided it wasn't. Finally thought it could have been a "flying saucer" since they had heard and read about them.

Q. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting?
A. Weather clear - sun shining, visibility unlimited.

Q. Name and address of observer?
A. Mrs. [redacted], Gonzales, Texas.

Q. Did observer wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at time of sighting or was only viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material?
A. Wears glasses all time - had them on at time. Saw through windshield - was clean. Able to recognize aircraft.

Mr. [redacted] was not available for interview, however, Mrs. [redacted] was recently discussed the object and what she had stated was also the view of Mr. [redacted].

6. On 21 May 1952, Sheriff L. O. McGINTY, Gonzales, Gonzales County, Texas, advised that he has known the following persons ten (10), fifteen (15) and thirty (30) years respectively and considered them to be completely reliable and truthful. None had ever been in any trouble and were respected citizens of Gonzales, Texas:
Mr. [redacted]
Mr. [redacted]
Mrs. [redacted]

Sheriff McGINTY further advised that he did not know [redacted], but knew his father very well and that he worked for the City of Gonzales. He advised that he considered his father reliable and trustworthy, and that he had no reason to doubt [redacted] son of the same caliber person.

7. On 21 May 1952, Mr. [redacted] Vice President, Gonzales State Bank, Gonzales, Texas, was interviewed concerning the reliability, honesty, and character of the following persons:
Mr. [redacted]
Mr. [redacted]
Mrs. [redacted]

Mr. [redacted] advised that he only know Mr. [redacted] through banking business and, therefore, he was unable to attest to the credibility of any information.

16

CONFIDENTIAL                                        UNCLASSIFIED


- page 6 -

24-39/6

DETAILS (Cont'd)

Mr. [redacted] might relate. Mr. [redacted] advised that he had known Mr. [redacted] all his life and that he believed [redacted] was of good character and trustworthy, however, he had some doubt about the credibility of information received. As [redacted] in a way had not been in public, he would not seek publicity. No based this on the way [redacted] would greet him whenever they met, which was quite frequently. In months when in fact it would greet him as if they had not seen each other in two or over a day or two since they had spoken to each other. Mr. [redacted] further advised that he did not know just how to express what he meant, but that [redacted] was peculiar in a way and might exaggerate the truth or supplement it through his imagination.

Mr. [redacted] advised that he had known Mrs. [redacted] for many years and believed her to be completely reliable, honest, trustworthy, and that any information she related would be credible.

8. On 21 May 1952, Mrs. [redacted] Secretary, Chamber of Commerce, Gonzales, Texas, was interviewed and stated substantially the same as Mr. [redacted] concerning the honesty, character, and credibility of Mr. [redacted] and Mrs. [redacted]. Mrs. [redacted] further advised that Mr. [redacted] was honest, trustworthy, and reliable, but that he had changed considerably since he had been injured in a fire and that at present, she was somewhat doubtful about the credibility of information he might relate because he seemed to read and think a great deal and then use his imagination to supplement the facts. Mrs. [redacted] further stated that she did not wish to imply that anyone of the three (3) persons would make up a complete falsehood or that they were not basically honest, truthful, dependable, and reliable.

CLOSED

17


- page 7 -

