PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 8 Sep 52

2. LOCATION: FRESNO, CALIF

3. SOURCE: CD/900 PBB

4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4-20 min

5. PHOTOS: 0 V.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual [X] Ground-Radar [ ] Air-Intercept Radar [ ]

7. OBSERVERS: Civilians (multiple)

8. COURSE: N

9. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Pale, shining, elliptical object, on horizontal course, moving slowly, producing trail or trails. Reported by several observers.

11. COMMENTS:
1. Preparing officer states that one observer is a teacher and the second observer, a weather observer, passes the phenomena off as existing against ordinary controls.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

8.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North         e. South
             b. Northeast     f. Southwest
             c. East          g. West
             d. Southeast     h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of YOUR ANSWER to the above question and preceding question (8 and 8.1):
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain     c. Not very sure
                          d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes or No

10. How was the object seen?
    (Circle One): a. Through window glass    e. Through theodolite
                 b. Through windshield       f. Through sunglasses
                 c. Through binoculars       g. Through open space
                 d. Through telescope        h. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)                    11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
     a. Clear sky                            a. Dry
     b. Hazy                                 b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
     c. Scattered clouds                     c. Moderate or heavy rain
     d. Thick or heavy clouds                d. Snow
     e. Don't remember                       e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)                      11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
     a. No wind                              a. Cold
     b. Slight breeze                        b. Cool
     c. Strong wind                          c. Warm
     d. Don't remember                       d. Hot
                                             e. Don't remember

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object?
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds


- page 2 -

Page 4

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
    a. Certain       c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly sure   d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent

14. Did the object at any time:
    14.1 Change direction?       Yes   No   Don't know
    14.2 Change speed?            Yes   No   Don't know
    14.3 Change size?             Yes   No   Don't know
    14.4 Change color?            Yes   No   Don't know
    14.5 Break up into parts or explode?   Yes   No   Don't know
    14.6 Give off smoke?          Yes   No   Don't know
    14.7 Change brightness?       Yes   No   Don't know
    14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate?   Yes   No   Don't know
    14.9 Remain motionless?       Yes   No   Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't know
    15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? orange

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
    16.1 Sound: none
    16.2 Color: orange

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.
    [A simple hand-drawn sketch showing two objects with an arrow indicating their travel direction]

18. Did the object at any time:
    18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know
    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
    [Blank line for response]


- page 3 -

Page 5

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pea
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk

f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other cigar

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the objects:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? _______ feet.
20.2 How far was it from you? _______ feet or _______ miles.
20.3 How fast was it going? _______ miles per hour.
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly
b. Gradually

c. Other
d. Don't remember

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

[A diagram is included showing a curved line representing the horizon, with a point marked "You" and labels for "Overhead" and "Horizon"]


- page 4 -

Page 6

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead

Horizon                                Horizon
                You

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.


- page 5 -

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes or NO

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?
July 1, 1952 at 11:00 a.m. The sky was clear...

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
It was a solid object. We thought it might be some form of unidentified animal.

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
What is your present job? Housewife
Age: 24
Sex: Female

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
She is Calif...
Can't speak, read, or write English


- page 6 -

Page 8

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper, if necessary.

We are very familiar with airplanes as our own route runs right over these highways. Are also familiar with jets. Do not believe this was a jet as there was no sound we could trail. Believe it moved along at find the we cannot in speed & moved again. The line in a pattern of move where we have little traffic would not be obtainable this by sound as from cars etc. It seems very flying before disappearing. It seemed to become close before moving southeastward. Returned to the east some directly upward & disappeared. What we saw July 1st during the daytime was a silver disc shaped object. We saw Sept. 6-8 at night seemed vigour shaped & orange. The object was there seems gliding the daytime solid not from the heat and just as certain of this we saw at night.


- page 7 -

UNITED STATES
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
IR-150-52

FINDING:
California - Fresno area                     Hq, 936 Bomb Wing, Castle AFB, California
30 Sep 1952                                  8 Sep 52 to 17 Sep 52                 F-6
Ca.1st. R. G. Bios, Intelligence Officer     Civilian(s)
None

During the evening hours on 8 September 1952 a number of people reported the observance of an unidentified airborne object in the general Fresno area. This headquarters conducted an investigation, with findings as described in art II.

A. REVISED

[Signature of Charles J. Cooks]
Charles J. Cooks
1st. Lt. USAF
Wing Intelligence Officer


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Wing Intelligence
Castle AF Base, California

IR-250-52

2     3

1. Description of Object: One (1) or two (2) relatively short condensations, or
exhaust trails, outstanding generally upward from an unidentified source, itself was not reported as having been sighted. Relatively slow speed reported - too
slow for jet-type aircraft - and no sound was heard. Shape was, while some people
reporting it as being elliptical, labor shortening to nearly circular, others reported
it to be a similar to a comet tail, while several others reported trail (two) to
be hot, dark, short, compact, and not at all similar to the usual jet or vapor
trail. Trail was reported to be approximately 18 times as long as its width. Color
was variously reported as:

a. "Pale, but shining; yellow at first, but becoming reddish later."

b. "The appearance of a brilliantly lighted half moon."

c. "Mercurous, or molten, like the sun when you look at it at noontime."

d. "Not so mercurous, sort of light brown."

Object (or trail), was in sight for approximately 20 minutes, first reported as slowly
descending, and then changing to a horizontal course. One person reported the two (2)
trails to be fairly equal in shape and size, and symmetrically maintained. No common
source. A second observer reported two (2) trails observed during descent, and one (1)
trail while in a horizontal position. With the horizontal trail being approximately 20
times as long as the descending trails. Still a third person reported only one trail,
which, a second to the observer, to be a normal comet-like or vapor trail. The fact
that the sun was at a lower position on the horizon than the trail, with sun rays
thus reflecting from the trail, was noted. Observers, other than a slow, generally descending course, generally agreed as to both descending and horizontal flight appeared to be about the same. Actual size, in
feet, could not be estimated because of unknown distance involved. One observer
estimated trail to be at least 15 miles distant.

2. Time: The most detailed account of this observation covered the period of
1905 to 1925, roughly daylight saving time (1 September 1952 other times were
reported as 1900 (for 4 minutes), 1920, and 2130, all on 8 September.

3. Manner of Observation: All observations were by visual means, with no optic
or electronic equipment utilized. In the last two erroneously reported that weather
objects of the Fresno Weather Bureau had tracked object with their instruments, however, inquiry revealed this not to be the case. One meteorological from the weather
station did observe trails, but only visually, and from his residence during off-duty
hours.

4. Location: Reports were received from scattered points in the general vicinity
of Fresno, primarily Dinuba, Hanford, Fresno proper, and Kingsburg.

a. Dinuba: Observation took place from street on eastern edge of town
(approximately 36 32N 119 24W). Trails (two) were observed to west by northwest, at
approximately 45 degrees line of sight angle, and at an estimated distance of 15 miles.

b. Fresno: Observation took place from yard of private residence located on
northern outskirts of Fresno (approximately 36 37N 119 47W). One trail was observed
from west to northeast, at approximately 25 degrees to 30 degrees line of sight angle.
Object, or trail, was estimated to be at approximately 20,000 to 25,000 feet.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Wing Intelligence
Castle AF Base, California

5. Reliability of Information:
a. Lt. [redacted], California. This man had not previously or now seen unidentified aerial objects, however, his interest in this particular subject is so intense, that the investigating officer would classify his as a "fanatic". The subject since had written to the "saucerers" of the United States regarding the national policy and outlook on "flying saucers". He is very definitely feels the probability of "visitors from an outer world". A cripple, confined to a wheelchair, and unemployed, he devotes a large portion of his time to study of this topic.

b. Dr. [redacted] Fresno Weather Bureau, Fresno. A former USAF Weather Officer now employed as a meteorologist. Appeared quite stable and intelligent, and discounted his own observation as nothing more than a normal con trail. He felt the 12th hour, position of the sun, distance, etc., all combined to make observation appear unreliable.

c. Weather: Clear sky-winds light and variable, of less than 5 MPH velocity (as reported by Castle AF Base Weather Office).

7. Related Activities or Conditions: None determined.

8. Physical Evidence: None.

9. Interrogation or Identification Actions: None determined.

10. Local Air Traffic: Aeronautical facilities in the Fresno area were checked to determine possibility of any aircraft known to be airborne in the area at this particular time, but negative results were obtained. No local records were available to indicate what other aircraft may have been flying the Fresno area at this time.

[Signed]
RICHARD G. HESS
Capt, USAF
Asst Wing Intelligence Officer


- page 10 -

IR-150-52

Dinuba
9 Sep, 1952, 3 AM

Sir, was there an identified or known aerial object over the area south of Fresno and west of Dinuba between 7:05 and 7:35 p.m., Monday, Sep. 28th?

At about 7:05 p.m. Sep 28th I saw westward (a little south of west), an object which I said to be slowly descending from "upstairs" or road similarly to the ground, actually I could not see or hear the object, but could see relatively "above" exhaust or vapor trail. There were, in this descent, at least 2 of these short streamings extending upward from the descending object.

Incidentally, the object appeared to be about at least 50 degrees above the horizon. After descending for a time, the object turned northward still 40-50 degrees above the horizon, the exhaust or vapor (?) trail, still lingering to the object, lengthened greatly in one vision to the full during descent. The object continued to seem to travel relatively slow, for it remained in sight here for at least 20 minutes.

The tail or trail seemed to remain a constant length as the object went north.

I live in the west part of Dinuba. The object was not seen by me, due to trees, no obstruction, after 7:15 p.m., but my brother-in-law who lives on the north part near Fresno and saw it until about 7:25 p.m. when the exhaust or vapor trail or trail seemed to become a ball before it disappeared from his view completely.

My nephew, about 9 yrs old, also observed that the object seemed to go "too slow for a jet" and the trail wasn't like they usually are.

Too no sound was heard(here).

I thought that newscast (from Fresno's KMJ or KFRE) this morning might report and identify the object. But there were no reports to my knowledge.

[A hand-drawn diagram is included showing the trajectory of the object with labels like "Shorter trail", "Longer trail", "Fresno", "Dinuba", and "Observer"]

Sincerely
/s/
Dinuba, Calif.


- page 11 -

IR-150-52

News Article Appearing in Fresno Bee 9 September 1952

JET 'TRAILER' IS BLAMED FOR 'BALL OF FIRE'
Great balls of fire!

That is what many San Joaquin Valley residents saw in the northwest sky last evening.

In Hanford many people reported it to Police Lieutenant Jack Molsanto, a California Highway patrolman was halted on the Golden State Highway near Kingsburg by motorists who pointed it out, and many people in Fresno and other nearby areas watched it.

To some it appeared celestial, later shortening to nearly circular, but other reports said it looked like the tail of a comet.

Meteorologists of the Fresno Weather Bureau to whom it appeared to be almost vast, said it apparently was a vapor trail laid down by a jet plane at about 35,000 feet altitude and illuminated by the rays of the setting sun.

The vapor had a pale, but shining, yellow color at first but became reddish later, and according to some reports drifted northwestward about 9:30 P.M.

The vapor trail had the appearance of a brilliantly lighted half moon for Doris Webb of 230 Clarks Streets. Webb said he was standing near Nules and Divisadero Streets when he viewed the sight. He said it appeared to be moving northward and eventually disappeared.


- page 12 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

18 September 1952

Mrs.
Shawkin, Pennsylvania

Dear Mrs.

Your recent report of unidentified aerial phenomena has been received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center. Enclosed is a questionnaire, which, when completed by you and returned in the enclosed, self-addressed envelope, will aid in understanding the data and will provide a complete record of the occurrence.

Your interest in reporting the matter and your public spirited desire to be of service are greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

2 Incls
a/c

ROBERT E. KENNEDY
Major, USAF
Air Adjutant General


- page 13 -

PENETRATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE - 4763.00

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object:
1.1 Date 6-8 September 1952
1.2 Time of Day: 8:50 - 9:15 A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
    a. Eastern    d. Pacific
    b. Central
    c. Mountain   e. Other

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                 b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object:
   [Location details are blacked out]
   Additional Remarks: I saw the object two nights.
   Just recently. More details.

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
   (Circle One): a. Inside a building    d. In an airplane
               b. In a car             e. At sea
               c. Outdoors              f. Other

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                 b. In the residential section of a city?
                 c. In open countryside?
                 d. Flying near an airfield?
                 e. Flying over a city?
                 f. Flying over open country?
                 g. Other


- page 14 -

4. How did you happen to notice the object? It was brought to my attention by my ground mother. Truth

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Tuesday   Sept 9   1952
Day       Month    Year

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? Settle.
Talking to my ground mother.

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object?
Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount of time spent on each.

Listened to the radio for about 15 mins.
Also was talking to ground mother to tell her

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One): 
Yes   or   No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One):   a. North   e. South
                b. Northeast   f. Southwest
                c. East   g. West
                d. Southeast   h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes   or   No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
(Circle One):   a. North   e. South
                b. Northeast   f. Southwest
                c. East   g. West
                d. Southeast   h. Northwest

Page 2


- page 15 -

