Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top of document header, partially legible]
...RECORD CARD
NEW YORK, N.Y.

Date: 23 Jul 52
20215 PDT
21/123.5 Z

4 Civilian women
17

P.M. About were seen by group of women
in area. Incident was reported by
[rest of text partially illegible]
...inside painting of place
...objects appeared in sky... "flying very fast"

The rest of the document contains sections that are too faint or blurry for me to confidently transcribe.


- page 1 -

17 'Saucers' Sighted
In Sky Over Bronx

By HARRY SWIRSKY

It might appear to be just another "flying saucer" tale. Yet it involves not one "saucer"—which appeared reddish orange in color—were sighted in the sky above 1041 Tiffany St., in the East Bronx, late Friday night by two women and two girls.

"It was a hot dull night and we began counting stars for excitement," said Rita Acuna, 16, of 1055 Tiffany St.

"But it proved far more exciting than we might have imagined," she said, "for we wound up counting 'saucers' instead."

"They sped through the sky in a huge reddish orange formation—which looked like an upside down 'U'," the girl said.

"Although they were visible for only about 10 seconds, we managed to count 17 in all."

Rita's observations were confirmed by her mother, Mrs. Marie Acuna; a neighbor, Mrs. Sylvia Finkelstein, of 1041 Tiffany St., and the girl's little sister, Yvonne, 9, all of whom had been engaged in "star counting" when the saucers were sighted.

"I've seen eclipses and things like that," said Mrs. Yvonne Finkelstein, "but this was different—and more thrilling than anything I've ever seen."

Rather than rely on pure memory, Rita, a commercial art student at the High School of Industrial Art, ran upstairs and made a water color painting of what she had seen.

The drawing was sent to Air Force officials for possible investigation.

The Tiffany St. "saucer" case was second of its kind to be reported in the Bronx within the last few weeks.

Six persons reported seeing a similar twirling object speed through the air over a rooftop at 1535 Boston Rd. on June 26.

Meanwhile, in Washington Air Force officials were investigating reports of a series of "glowing white" lights which streaked over the nation's capital for two successive weekends.

Jet planes capable of speeds of 600 miles an hour and a futile attempt to overtake the mystery.


- page 2 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

AUG 15 1952

Miss [redacted]
New York, New York

Dear Miss [redacted]:

Your recent report of unidentified aerial phenomena has been received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center. Enclosed is a questionnaire, which, when completed by you and returned in the enclosed, self-addressed envelope, will aid in standardizing the data and will provide a complete record of the occurrence.

Your interest in reporting the matter and your public spirited desire to be of service are greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

ROBERT E. KENNEDY
Major, USAF
Air Adjutant General

2 Incls
a/c


- page 3 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVER QUESTIONNAIRE

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object:
1.1 Date: Friday July 25, 1952
1.2 Time of day: 10 15 A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
    a. Eastern
    b. Central
    c. Mountain
    d. Pacific
    e. Other _______

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                 b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are
of your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

2. Where did you see the object?
[Address is blacked out] New York, New York, U.S.A.
City or Town    State   Country

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
(Circle One): a. Inside a building
             b. In a car
             c. Outdoors
             d. In an airplane
             e. At sea
             f. Other _______

3.1 Were you:
(Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
              b. In the residential section of a city?
              c. In open countryside?
              d. Flying near an airfield?
              e. Flying over a city?
              f. Flying over open country?
              g. Other _______


- page 4 -

Page 2

4. How did you happen to notice the object? It may seem silly but, I was investigating stars at night, when all of a sudden I saw strange objects.

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Monday January 26, 1952
Day    Month    Year

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? I was looking at the stars.

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Try to list the activity or activities, and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
I was sitting outside talking with my mother, sister and a friend. [25 min] the for the next 5 min I was looking at stars.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes or No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions.

7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One):   a. North         e. South
                b. Northeast     f. Southwest
                c. East          g. West
                d. Southeast     h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No


- page 5 -

8. What direction were you facing when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North         e. South
             b. Northeast    f. Southwest
             c. East         g. West
             d. Southeast    h. Northwest

8.1 What direction were you facing when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North         e. South
              b. Northeast    f. Southwest
              c. East         g. West
              d. Southeast    h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above two questions. (8 and 8.1).
     a. Definitely     c. Not very sure
     b. Fairly certain d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes   or   No

10. How was the object seen?
(Circle One): a. Through window glass    e. Through theodolite
              b. Through windshield      f. Through sun glasses
              c. Through binoculars      g. Through open space
              d. Through telescope       h. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)                 11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
     a. Clear sky                             a. Dry
     b. Hazy                                  b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
     c. Scattered clouds                      c. Moderate or heavy rain
     d. Thick or heavy clouds                 d. Snow
     e. Don't remember                        e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)                   11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
     a. No wind                               a. Cold
     b. Slight breeze                         b. Cool
     c. Strong wind                           c. Warm
     d. Don't remember                        d. Hot
                                              e. Don't remember


- page 6 -

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object? ______ Hours ______ Minutes ______ 10 Seconds

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly sure
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look? (Circle One) Solid or Transparent?

14. Did the object at any time:                                 (Circle One for each question)
    14.1 Change direction?                                      Yes   No   Don't know
    14.2 Change speed?                                          Yes   No   Don't know
    14.3 Change size?                                           Yes   No   Don't know
    14.4 Change color?                                          Yes   No   Don't know
    14.5 Break up into parts or explode?                        Yes   No   Don't know
    14.6 Give off smoke?                                        Yes   No   Don't know
    14.7 Change brightness?                                     Yes   No   Don't know
    14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate?                            Yes   No   Don't know
    14.9 Remain motionless?                                     Yes   No   Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't know
    15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? ______

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
    16.1 Sound   There was no sound at all
    16.2 Color   It was a reddish orange color

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 11
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

    [A hand-drawn diagram shows a group of objects arranged in a roughly diagonal line from northwest to southeast]

    They traveled in this group, all together.


- page 7 -

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes (NO) Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One)

a. Pen
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk

f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19:

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? 4,950 feet.
20.2 How far was it from you? 4,760 feet or 9 miles
20.3 How fast was it going? 500 miles per hour.
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly
b. Gradually

c. Other
d. Don't remember


- page 8 -

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

[Diagram with "Your eye", "Horizon", and "Overhead" labeled]

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

[Diagram with "Your eye", "Horizon", and "Overhead" labeled]

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

[Diagram showing a line from point B to point A]

Page 6


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any detail of the object that you saw, and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten note next to sketch area]
We couldn't see any details because it was too high.
Rider view
I am sure it was a full circle when looked at from the top.

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One) ✓ YES     NO

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
If you want my honest opinion, I think its origin is what if another planet. Naturally if so it must be made of some form of life, much more advanced than we. Possibly when object is to study us. P.S. We have no proof to say whether it is or isn't true. Nothing is proven.

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] New York, City, New York, Zone 59, State New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
What is your present job? None
Age 16
Sex Girl
Last School Attended School/Industrial Art
Year of last attendance at this school [Blank]


- page 10 -

Page 8

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
- mother
- sister
Mrs.
New York, New York

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper if necessary.

Although these objects seemed quite dull, they appeared to be self-luminous. There also was a small halo around them.


- page 11 -

This case contains 1, 5½ x 7½" watercolor drawing.


- page 12 -

AIR FORCE SECTION
ARMED FORCES PUBLIC INFORMATION CENTER
90 CHURCH STREET
NEW YORK CITY

ROOM 1819

31 July 1952

Lieutenant Edward Ruppell
Air Technical Intelligence
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Lieutenant Ruppell:

Forwarded as a matter of interest, in connection
with "flying saucers".

Sincerely,
HARVEY RIVKINS
Lt. Col., USAF
Chief, Air Force Section, JAF PIO

4 Incls
1. 1st NY Post
   dtd 29 Jul 52
2. 1st NY
   not dtd
3. Drawing
4. News Clipping
   NY Post dtd
   29 Jul 52

[Handwritten notes on side: "IV '52" and "Other Official Report"]


- page 13 -

New York Post
973 East 168th Street, Bronx 59, N.Y.

July 29, 1952

Air Force Public Relations
90 Church Street
New York, N.Y.

Dear Sirs:

This is a clipping of a story we ran on flying saucers being spotted in the Bronx.
I'm enclosing the original letter and drawing for your information.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 14 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

On the pic- 
show objects in 
color.

On the pic-
ture at the left pt.
show the formation
and direction is
which it travels.

Ricot

There is also a handwritten "44" in the top right corner of the document.

The document contains two black and white images - one appears to be a series of dots or objects in a pattern, and the other appears to be a dark shape or structure.


- page 15 -

Dear Sir:

By the time you have already looked at the pictures. You can guess it encloses the flying saucers or whatever they may be.

At exactly 10:15 P.M. on July 25, 1952 Friday: Mrs. [redacted], my sister, Mrs. [redacted], and myself saw these strange objects in the sky.

When we first spotted them, they came from the south. They revealed her could at all. They were quite high and toward north westerly and were seen for about 10 seconds in the sky. Then they were hidden by the buildings. They


- page 16 -

Dear Sir:

By this time you have already looked at the pictures I am now guessing it concerns flying saucers in which case there may be.

Specifically 10:58 P.M. on July 25, 1952 Friday. We, myself few people strange objects in the sky. When we first spotted them, they looked for the some that we recalled the scene of the flight were quite high and tilted. About three or four and were seen for about 10 sec in the sky. Then they were hidden by the buildings. They


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

possibly trained at top
speeds hit, appeared to pro-
pelled quite plainly because of
their height.

How you can see from the
pictures, they were a sort of
range craft with a yellow-
ish around their wing. They
also appeared puffy luminous

I am 16 years old and a
student at the School of Indus-
trial Art. I think this report
is quite complete, but if you
need any more information
you can tell or write to me.

N.Y.
or phone (DA.3-9149 half days) apt.44

Note: Some parts of the text are partially obscured or cut off, and I have transcribed what is clearly legible.


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

City to Close 100 'Firetraps' in Bronx
A hundreds Bronx dwellings, adjudged "dangerous and unfit for human habitation" by the Housing and Buildings Dept., before the end of the year, The Post learned today.

City Inspectors thoroughly investigated the Bronx division, said the borough-wide crackdown is part of a campaign to eliminate the LaGuardia era—was meant to end "about 100 tenement buildings into hazardous, congested rooming houses."

The first batch of buildings, which were old law tenements with human beings jammed together, is now being condemned, it was learned. Condemnation proceedings, No. 17 'Saucers' Sighted In Sky Over Bronx
By HARRY SWIRSKY
It might appear to be just another "flying saucer" tale. Yet it involves not one but 17 of the mysterious objects. The "saucers"—which appeared reddish or orange in color—were sighted last night by two women and two men.

It was a hot dull night and we began counting stars for excitement, said Rita Arons, 16, of 1615 Newbold Ave.

"But it proved far more exciting than we might have imagined," she said, "for we wound up counting 'saucers' instead."

The objects appeared first in a huge reddish orange formation—which looked like an upside down "J," the girl said.

"Although they were visible for only a few seconds, we tried to count 17 in all."

Rita's observations were confirmed by her mother, Mrs. Sylvia Arons, and her friend, Miss Anita Jankiewicz, 16.

The girl's little sister, Yvonne, saw the objects too.

Two other groups of saucers were sighted.

"Two strange things and things like that," said Mrs. Jankiewicz. "They were definitely not stars—I've ever seen."

The witnesses rarely rely on pure mental observation, but Rita was a student at the High School of Industrial Arts. Her companions had been watching the sky and knew what she had seen.

The drawing was sent to Air Force officials for possible investigation.

In another "saucer" case, it was second of its kind to be reported in the Bronx within a week.

Six persons reported seeing a similar flying object speeding across the sky at 1:55 Boston Rd. on June 26.

Meanwhile, in Washington, Air Force officials were investigating reports of a series of "flying saucers" which may have traversed the nation's capital for two successive weekends.

The objects were clocked at 600 miles an hour made a full circuit of the city and appeared to overtake the mystery fliers.

2 Boys Held Without Bail In Sniper-Slaying of Rabbi
Edward Baldwin, 16, of 451 Paulding Ave., The Bronx, and his pal, Donald Paerlich, 17, of 504 Morgan Av., Brooklyn, were being held without bail today on an indictment charging them with the murder of Rabbi Samuel Londen.

When they were arraigned, counsel represented because neither would talk, he told Judge Helfand he was unable to retain one, he told Judge Helfand he was unable to retain counsel.

Girl, 19, Shot in 'Reverse Roulette' Boy Friend and Brother Accused
Shirley Samuels, 19, of 1281 and 1285 Brook Ave., The Bronx, was in Lincoln Hospital with a bullet wound and told police that her boy friend and brother played a game of "reverse roulette" with her as the target.

[The rest of the text is partially cut off or illegible]


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

This is a sketch of the "flying saucer" formation drawn by Rita Acuna which she and three others saw streaking across the skies. The original has been sent to Air Force officials.

The image contains a sketch with cardinal directions (N, W, E) showing a formation of circular objects and what appears to be a landscape with buildings or structures in the bottom portion of the image.


- page 20 -

I would have put this information in sooner. But, I was on my vacation in Youngstown Ohio.

P.S. Here is a clipping on what I saw.


- page 21 -

