SUBJECT: UFO RECORD CARD

Location: FRESNO, CALIF

Date of Observation: (partially illegible)

Brief Summary of Sighting:
Object approached in jerky, poor, erratic motion, moved vertically, then in horizontal direction at high rate of speed. Shape was indeterminate, object seemed a "jet-type".

Number of Objects: 3
Course: (illegible)

Additional Notes:
Jet-like sound heard and object-like rotors visible.


- page 1 -

UNITED STATES                                   AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

IR-149-52

Location: California - Fresno area                        Hq. 608 BW, Castle AF Base, California

Date: 24 Sep 52                                           20 Aug 52 to 17 Sep 52                 F-6

Capt. R. G. Moe, Intelligence Officer                    Civilian(s)

None

During evening of 20 August 1952, two (2) civilians observed an airborne unidentified object in the vicinity of Fresno, California. They notified the headquarters of their observation, and an investigation was conducted, with findings as classified in Part II.

Approved:

[Signature]
CHARLES J. COATE
Lt. Col. USAF
Wing Intelligence Officer

Attachments:
1. Sketch, profile view (6 eyes)
2. Sketch, horiz view (6 eyes)
3. Sketch, object (3 eyes)
4. Ltr. by W. Seaton (6 eyes)
5. 1/2 of news item (6 eyes)


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Wing Intelligence
Castle AFB, Calif.

IR-149-52     2     3

1. Description of Object: Observers first noted a loud jet-like sound, and then sighted a white or gray object in sky, apparently at relatively high speed. Object approached observers from the South, with a speedy, but jerky movement. It appeared to move from left to right, then suddenly and vertically upward. Signal was raised by observers, object moved to the rear, paused a third time, moved back to the right to approximately its original course, paused for the fourth time, and then finally moved backwards. Still at a high rate of speed, until it disappeared from view in the southwest. Observers estimated route of object. Object was reported to be flying toward a very loud jet aircraft (during observation, observers could not see jet aircraft). Observers could not see actual motor details, but thought the object was flying with a pair of rotors tilted at opposite angles. Object did not approach close enough to permit more detailed observation. The complete course, as described, appeared to have been executed without deviation of directional or longitudinal positions of the object.

2. Time: Object was sighted at 1330, Pacific Daylight Savings Time, and stayed in view for approximately one (1) minute.

3. Manner of Observation: Observation was from the ground, and visual; no optical or electronic equipment was utilized. Initial attention was attracted by sound, not sight.

4. Location: Observers were standing in backyard of a private residence located in Northwest Fresno (approx. 4d 27' 119 44'). Object was sighted due south from this position, at approximately 30 degrees from the horizon, but at unknown distance.

5. Observers:

a. [Redacted], previously unidentified sighting. A civilian pilot with approximately 150 hours flying time. (X) years old, living in Fresno, California (during world war (II) and an extreme personal interest in aeronautical development. Has done a great deal of reading on "Flying Saucers" and related subjects.

b. [Redacted], Fresno, California. Close friend and associate worker of [Redacted]. Has degree in (aeronautical engineering) but indicated no extraordinary interest in this subject.

6. Weather Conditions: Clear skies - winds light and variable - less than 5 mph (as reported by Castle AFB Weather Station).

7. Related Activities or Conditions: None determined.

8. Physical Evidence: None.

9. Immediate Interception or Identification Action: None.

10. Simultaneous Air Traffic: A check was made of air facilities located in the Fresno area to determine what air traffic existed in the area. Negative results were obtained. It was determined that a fairly large amount of air traffic was in the area.


- page 3 -

Wing Intelligence
Castle AFB, California

PK-249-52

Traffic control the area while enroute to and from other points in the western portion of the United States, however, no local control or record of this type traffic is maintained by local authorities.

RICHARD G. HICKS
Captain, USAF
Asst. Wing Intelligence Officer


- page 4 -

