The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing text describing an observation of an object that was described as a "flying saucer" and affected measuring instruments.

DELFT NETHERLANDS 
2 SEP 52 
OBJECT DESCRIPTION: 
Dutch engineer testing volt-
age line on roof of factory, observed and 
photographed bright light which source identi-
fied it as a flying saucer. 
Object effected measuring instruments which
source was photographing when object appeared.

- page 1 -

The image contains a form with the header "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT". The form includes a section for "Graphics" which lists various photographic items, but there does not appear to be any actual photograph attached or visible in the image.

As an OCR system, the text from the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

DELFT, NETHERLANDS

6 September 1952

6-6 September 1952  

LEWIS de VRIES, Lt Col, USAF

SUMMARY: (Same as previous report, only amplification of details and conclusions that appear below.)

Graphics: A 35 mm slide from the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute, together with a photo-montage comparing the photographs. The sample of the paper made up for the magazine was further included, the same as that which he prepared for the magazine "Vrij Nederland". Further there is included: a larger photograph, the sample as that which he prepared for the magazine mounting as seen in the foregoing report, and sketches and notation that appeared to have been made by the observer.

LEWIS J. WRIGHT
Lt Col, USAF
Air Attache

(Handwritten notes at bottom)
w/jjmsA.nds(A) 11/29/52 PTSDB52-3
INCLS. FIXED 133

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" dated September 16, 1952, concerning an unidentified object sighted near Delft, Netherlands.

Text from the document:

"UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
ALFA, The Hague, Netherlands IR-62-52 PAGE 2 OF 3 PAGES
Following is a letter from Mr. Dings, Radio Engineer, employed by the Netherlands Philips Electrical Company, dated 6 September 1952:
This letter comes to you from behalf of the industrial town between Rotterdam and Delft. That there appeared in the sky over this town, according to my observation and the observations of several work associates, a strange object which is constructed on top of the tower of the Delft Polytechnic Institute. This antenna is a cylindrical apparatus, about 5 meters long, with a diameter of about 2 meters. The apparatus consisted of a number of concentric rings, having between them spaces about 1/2 meter wide...
[remainder of text omitted]"

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" related to a UFO sighting incident.

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
AIR A, The Hague, Netherlands
IR-62-52                      PAGE 3 OF 3  PAGES

Following is a translation of an article which appeared in the newspaper "Nieuws van de Dag" on 18 July 1952.

"STRANGE PHENOMENON PHOTOGRAPH:" and at the same time STRANGE PHENOMENON
"In the early morning on Tuesday the 15th of this month, the public was stirred by an extraordinary incident at Delft (Netherlands). A young man who is employed by the Dutch Army as a radio mechanic, on his way to his place of work observed a flying object and succeeded in photographing it. 

He described the object as follows: It was circular in form, appeared to be hovering over the spot and at times appeared to stand still and at other times to move in a horizontal direction, but rapidly. The object appeared to be of metallic construction. 

On reaching his place of work, the young man developed the exposed film and noticed an extremely bright light which was, so he said, as appeared later, moving from one side to the other.

The witness stated that when he raised his camera to take the photograph, the object was stationary, but when the photograph was taken, the object commenced to move in a diagonal direction. He claims that at the moment I took the snap-shot, I noticed a very bright light which was very painful to the eyes. This light was so bright that it was almost impossible to look at it directly.

When the film was developed, it was found that this bright light had made its appearance on the photograph. The witness further stated that, for about 15 seconds, the object stood still, after which it commenced to move in a diagonal direction at a very high speed. He was able to remember all the details very well, as the incident occurred at 7.30 A.M. 

This matter was reported to the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute who were very anxious to put this young "camera researcher" in touch with their experts. It was ascertained that the curious size which the object for (which?) the photograph showed, could not be explained by any known astronomical or physical phenomenon. As far as is known unique in this country. They would investigate further the possibiltiy of the camera being interfered with or the chemical development of the film having somehow been affected.

It was ascertained that the enormous size which the object for (which?) the photograph showed, could not be explained by any known astronomical or physical phenomenon. All properties point to the fact that it must have been a phenomenon of some kind, as yet unknown.

The possibility which was suggested, that the lens of the camera might have been interfered with or that the chemical development of the film might have been affected in some unexplained manner, could not be seen but which are considered by the photographic plate - the "deviation" - is not clear. What was the matter of fact question is not what did really happen? the explanation is not loose."

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten note describing a glossy photograph of a UFO sighting at Delft, Netherlands on 2 Sep 1952.

OCR output:

8 x 10 GLOSSY
PHOTOGRAPHY OF
UFO SIGHTED AT
DELFT, NETHERLANDS
2 SEP 1952

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

The image provided appears to be a photograph of a "Flying Saucer" in the sky above what looks like an industrial or urban landscape with several tall structures or chimneys visible in the background.

Here is the text output from the document:

"Flying Saucer"

- page 6 -

