4 Nov 52
UNCLASSIFIED

Location: VINELAND, NEW JERSEY

Date/Time: 4 Nov 52

Source: Civilian Pends

Length of Observation: 36 seconds

Two groups of objects, or "whirling discs of light", were seen by housewife in New Jersey.

1. Unusual cloud formations present


- page 1 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object:
1.1 Date: 48     11 B     1952
         Day    Month     Year

1.2 Time of Day: 5     (about) 40     A.M. or P.M.     (Circle One)     1920
                 Hrs.    Min.                           7:20 *

1.3 Time Zones: (Circle One):
    (a) Eastern             d. Pacific
    b. Central              e. Other _______
    c. Mountain

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                  (b) Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
    your answer to the above question 1.2:
    (a) Certain-told you minutes     c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain               d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object:
    Postal Address: _________ Vineland   New Jersey   4.S.A.
    City or Town            State/Country

    Additional Remarks: I was starting on open porch facing
    south, waiting for daylight to finish fixing limited.

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
    (Circle One): a. Inside a building     d. In an airplane
                  b. In a car              e. At sea
                  c. Outdoors              f. Other (Porch)

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                  (b) In the residential section of a city?
                  c. In open countryside?
                  d. Flying near an airfield?
                  e. Flying over a city?
                  f. Flying over open country?
                  g. Other _______


- page 2 -

4. How did you happen to notice the object? Tilean was unusual
cloud formation, which I always always

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day     Month     Year     No report.

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? Standing writing.

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object?
Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount
of time spent on each.
Talking with friend inside house.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes     or     No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One): a. North     e. South
               b. Northeast     f. Southwest
               c. East     g. West
               d. Southeast     h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes     or     No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North     e. South
               b. Northeast     f. Southwest
               c. East     g. West
               d. Southeast     h. Northwest


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

8.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North           f. South
             b. Northeast       g. Southwest
             c. East            h. West
             d. Southeast       i. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
your answer to the above question and preceding question (8 and 8.1):
             a. Certain         c. Not very sure
             b. Fairly certain  d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes       or      No

10. How was the object seen?
    (Circle One): a. Through window glass    e. Through theodolite
                 b. Through windshield       f. Through sunglasses
                 c. Through binoculars       g. Through open space
                 d. Through telescope        h. Other _________

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the
object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)           11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
     a. Clear sky                        a. Dry
     b. Hazy                             b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
     c. Scattered clouds                 c. Moderate or heavy rain
     d. Thick or heavy clouds            d. Snow
     e. Don't remember                   e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)              11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
     a. No wind                          a. Cold
     b. Slight breeze                    b. Cool
     c. Strong wind                      c. Warm
     d. Don't remember                   d. Hot
                                         e. Don't remember

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object? _____ Hours _____ Minutes _____ Seconds


- page 4 -

Page 4

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your
answer to Question 12:
a. Certain
b. Fairly sure

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look? (Circle One) Solid or Transparent in the sense the
14. Did the object at any time:                (Circle One for each question)

14.1 Change direction?     Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.2 Change speed?         Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.3 Change size?          Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.4 Change color?         Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.5 Break up into parts or
      explode?             Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.6 Give off smoke?       Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.7 Change brightness?    Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.8 Flicker, throb, or
      pulsate?             Yes   (No)   Don't know
14.9 Remain motionless?    Yes   (No)   Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't know

15.1 If you answered YES, what was the color of the light? White-or less bright

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?:
16.1 Sound       Could hear none.
16.2 Color       Some as electric light v

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Just some of 2 or 3 or 4.
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the
    direction they were travelling.
    S
    SE
    E    OO   KOO
    W

18. Did the object at any time:   N

18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes   No   (Don't know)
      IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.


- page 5 -

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes   No   (Don't know)

IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One)
    a. Pea
    b. Baseball
    c. Basketball
    d. Bicycle wheel
    e. Office desk

    f. Automobile
    g. Small airplane
    h. Large airplane
    i. Dirigible
    j. Other

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
    20.1 How high above the earth was it? 8,100 feet.
    20.2 How far was it from you? 2,200 feet.
    20.3 How fast was it going? 300 miles per hour.
    20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
        a. Certain
        b. Fairly certain
        c. Not very sure
        d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
    (Circle One): a. Suddenly
                 b. Gradually
                 c. Other
                 d. Don't remember

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

[A diagram is included showing a curved line representing the horizon, with a point labeled "You" and an angle marked between the horizon and an imaginary line representing the object's path.]


- page 6 -

Page 6

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead

Horizon                                 Horizon
                You

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

[Sketch of two leaf-like shapes with "A" and "B" labels]

Like whirling disks of light.

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Sketch of two circular/disc-like shapes labeled "SE"]


- page 7 -

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes or No

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Have no idea.

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Street, Vineland, New Jersey
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
What is your present job? Housewife
Age 59
Sex Female

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 8

20. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper, if necessary.

The cloud formations were unusual - a long, low cloud near the horizon, then a clear, wide space half way to the zenith, and a lighter cloudy in zenith and here) again from there. The weather side appeared in the cloud mostly opaque.


- page 9 -

