The image contains a Project Blue Book record card for a UFO sighting in Tokyo, Japan. The card does not contain any photographs, but it does have text describing the sighting. The text indicates that two meteor-type objects flashed across the sky and separated into two parts.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 1 Aug 52
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: 01/2115 Z
3. LOCATION: TOKYO, JAPAN
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. COURSE: 2 Japanese Engineer
6. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 1 and 2 MINUTES
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Meteor type objects flashed across sky, separated into two parts.

- page 1 -

The image contains a detailed diagram and schematic representation of a UFO sighting. The diagram shows the orientation and position of the observed object in relation to the observer. It includes annotations describing the visual characteristics of the object, such as its orange-colored body, blue-rimmed white light, and the observed separation between the main body and an orange-colored ball.

TECH G-1053
INCLOSURE # 2

Appeared directly under the moon

Azimuth of 350°

Orange-colored powder

Light yellow

White blue rim

Orange-colored ball

Azimuth of 350°

At the last moment, orange-colored ball came off slowly, and is the original flying object and both dimensions, at the same time their separation.

Angle of observation 60°

Observer

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, dated August 6, 1952.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
TCCH" C-1053
PAGE 3 OF 3

(6) Weather and Winds Aloft at Time of Sighting: The weather was fair, with some clouds and moderate winds coming from the southwest.
(7) Other Conditions: The moon was shining brightly and was shaped like the new crescent sketch.
(8) Physical Evidence: None
(9) Interception or Identification Action Taken: None
(10) Location of Any Air Traffic: The source did not know if there was any air traffic in the area.

COMMENTS OF THE APPROVING OFFICER:
The object as described was also seen by several persons from various USAF organizations. Observers fail that the object definitely a natural phenomena.
C. T. S.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. The image shows an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, containing a detailed textual description of a sighting of a baseball-shaped unidentified flying object over Tokyo, Japan on August 5, 1952.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

In accordance with Air Force Letter No. 200-5, subject: Unidentified Flying Objects Reporting, dated 10 September 1952, paragraph 7, sub-paragraph e, the following information is submitted:

(1) Description-
Shape - A baseball-shaped object with a light trail similar to that of a large shooting star.
Size - The object's size was as large as, or slightly larger than, the size of a baseball. The size appeared to be approximately 2 to 3 times larger than that of a shooting star.
Color - When first observed, the color was light orange and yellow, but changed into white with a bluish tinge, and at the last moment changed to orange just prior to its separating into two.
Number of Objects - One. However, at the last moment during observation, the object separated into two (2) round objects.
Speed - The speed of the object was considered much more than that of a conventional jet aircraft. 
Sound - There was no sound.
Maneuver - The object flew almost in a straight line, but had a slight change in direction.
Manner of Disappearance - At the last moment of observation, the object separated into two (2) small objects and this separated into the same direction as the original object.

(2) Time of Sighting - 23:45 P.M. (23:15 hrs) Tokyo Time, 5 August 1952.

(3) Manner of Observations: Visual, from the earth's surface.

(4) Location of Observer: Vicinity of Western Suburb of Tokyo, Japan.
Location of Object: The object flew from West to East horizontally approximately 260 to 290 from the observer. The altitude of observation was from an azimuth of 350° to 5°.

(5) Identifying Information of Observer: Mr. _________, a Japanese National, is a man with 15 years of civil engineering experience. This statement by him, but that other people in the Tokyo Area also observed the same sighting.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically report number O-23-53 from Japan.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
COUNTRY: Japan
SUBJECT: Unidentified flying object
DATE OF OBSERVATION: 1 August 1952
LOCATION: Tokyo, Japan
SUMMARY: This report contains details of an unidentified flying object observed over Tokyo, Japan on 1 August 1952. The object was described as a man-made vehicle that was flying at a high speed and altitude. No further details are provided about the appearance or characteristics of the object.

- page 5 -

