PROJECT BLUE RECORD CARD

25 Jul 52     THOMASTON CONN.

Lon. 73/180 W77     XXX     5 Observers

Lat. 25/42c N     XXXX     Blue Book

4-5 min     2

Two civilian women observed black star-shaped object with "gondola" underneath. Observed from moving auto.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

[HEADER]
UNCLASSIFIED

Date: 24 Jul 50

SUBJECT: (Incl) Unidentified Aircraft(s)
Reporting of Information on Unconventional Aircraft,
Thomaston, Connecticut, C.I.O. Hours, 25 July 1952
SPECIAL # 117

TO: Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters, USAF
Washington 25, D. C.

SUMMARY:

Two (2) employees of Technicraft Laboratories, Incorporated,
Thomaston, Connecticut, reported that they observed a bright, silvery, cigar-shaped object which appeared to have a black pennants attached on the underside. No activity or expedition exists that accounts for the sighting.

DETAILS:

1. On 29 July 1952, Captain [redacted], Wing Intelligence Officer, 1950th Air Transport Wing, outiver [rest of text partially illegible]

2. On 30 July 1952, [redacted] were interviewed by Special Agent [redacted] and furnished the following information:

3. The object appeared similar to a cigar in shape and appeared to be exceptionally high. Witness were unable to give any estimate as to its altitude, both believed it to be 7-8000 feet, but with no glow or smoke visible. Witness stated that

[FOOTER]
UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Item: I 21-153

UNCLASSIFIED

the lower edge toward the front appeared very black. ... stated it
appeared to her to have a "nimbus", similar to a blaze in that respect,
and that a very bright, dark gray mass was visible. She could not see
wings that it tapered off to a clear shape effort and that it did not
have any propeller or tail. No trail or exhaust was observed, and object
was stationary when first sighted. When object started to move, it first
seemed at a shallow angle. Witnesses* when was observed for four or
five seconds by trees, then being in the clear again, they stopped their
vehicle, got out and scanned the area, but were unable to see it. She
advised that when object first started to move it appeared to her to be
going at the approximate speed of a regular passenger plane, both wit-
nesses advised that altitude might have been, they were unable to be very
sound.

b. ... advised that she saw the object through the right
windshield of the automobile at about 200 yards, she advised that
for approximately a minute she couldn't try trying to determine that it
could be ... then said ... she was an object and
replied affirmatively. ... stated she saw the object for approximately
five minutes while ... had observed 26 for about four minutes.

c. "Manner of observation was visual while traveling in an auto-
mobile at a speed of approximately 20 to 25 mph, also ... there were eye-
glasses, which she advised, wore her vision to ... and ... came
not wear eyeglasses and advised that she was excellent eyesight.

d. Witnesses stated that they were near the Solvent Recovery
Service, Incorporated, on the Thomaston-Waterbury road when object was
first sighted. ... advised that she saw the object about two or
three inches from the top of the right windshield, somewhat the angle
of sight was less than 450, and were unable to state the altitude, other
than that it appeared occasionally high.

e. ... Laboratory, Incorporated, Thomaston, Connecticut, with both
witnesses are reliable and believed creditable observers, and have never
reported sighting objects prior to this incident. ... advised that
both witnesses are employed at Johns-Manville in the Insulation super-
vision. ... is a laboratory technician having direct supervision over
five other employees. ... advised further that she is very reliable,
not affected with imagination, not prone to do conclusions, and believes
that because of the type of work she does and her experience she would be
above average in observation.

f. ... advised that at the time of sighting the
weather was extremely clear, with no clouds or wind, with scattered
visibility was perfect.

UNCLASSIFIED
2


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

18-1 21-1953

Hq. (Accards, United States Weather Bureau, Brainard Field, 
Hartford, Connecticut, were cleared with the assistance of 
Hq. Suboffice, Tactical Air Command with a weather check 
weather was as follows: Clovy skies, visibility, 15 plus miles, 
temperature 67°, deposit 59°, wind, surface wind 7 miles per hour.

3rd endorsement this headquarters extended through the major part 
of the State of Connecticut.

b. There were no activities or conditions, meteorological or 
otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

1. There exists no physical evidence and no interception or 
identification action was taken.

ACTION:

Two (2) copies of this report will be forwarded to the Commanding 
General, Air Materiel Command, Attn: Lt. Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, 
Ohio, Attention AMC, and one (1) information copy forwarded to the 
Commanding, Atlantic Division, ADC, Hqtrs Air Force Base, Mass. No 
further action taken by this district visiting.

[Signature of Lt. Colonel]
Lt. Colonel, USAF
District Commander

Copies: Hqtrs, AMC (2nd)
Chds, AFLIC-WG (Info)

UNCLASSIFIED
3


- page 4 -

