PROJECT 1007 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
7 Oct 52

2. LOCATION
Rivera Area, France

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1928
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☒Air-Visual      ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
French commercial airline pilot

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
(Not specified on form)

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
White color. Light (egg) shaped. A luminous egg-shaped object traveling 3 times the speed of a jet was observed for 30 seconds.

11. COMMENTS
French pilots have not observed these things before. It traveled in a straight line, and was visible for 30 seconds. Had a tail. Poor report - newspaper article.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☒ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

USAF-MATS                                                 TR-307-52

"Flying Egg" seen by Air France Pilots
France                                 Intelligence Division, Hq. MATS
                                       Andrews AF Base, Washington 25, D.C.
26 November 1952                       7 October 1952                Unevaluated
Charles J. Fowley, Capt., USAF         Documentary

Report contains information taken from the 3 October 1952 edition of "France
Soir", a newspaper which has the largest evening circulation in France but which
is not particularly noted for its accuracy.  This information was forwarded to
this headquarters by the Commanding Officer, 1974th AMS Squadron, Leon AB,
France, in his Semi-monthly Intelligence Report dated 16 October 1952.

APPROVED:

                                        WILLIAM L. TRAVIS
                                        Colonel, USAF
                                        Chief, Intelligence
                                        Division

ATIC


- page 2 -

Intelligence Division
Hq. MATS, Andrews AF Base,
Washington 25, D. C.

IR-807-52                                2       2

TWO AIR FRANCE PILOTS ENCOUNTER A FLYING EGG

1. Statement by the pilot Francis Cavasse reads: "At 1923 hours, local time, (7 Oct 52) we noted (the town of) Draguignan, when my co-pilot, brought to try attention the formation of a luminous object of a strange form. We immediately approached the form of an elongated egg. The course of the object was absolutely straight and level. The speed was continuous and regular. The egg was entirely alight, but it was a white, not blinding, light, like a moon light. Thus, we were able to follow its course for 30 seconds without taking an eye from it. When it left our sight, it was following a straight and level course. The object left in its wake, a trail appearing to be 20 to 25 times its length. The exhaust had formed a pointed form. It was a blunt white.

2. We have estimated the lightning-like speed of the object at 2 or 3 times that of a jet aircraft at full speed. Over-determination of that value is not the result of mechanical calculation. It is simply a human calculation. According to our impressions, the Flying Egg reached two or three thousand kilometers per hour. From what we saw, we believe that it was in front and about 3 kilometers above us. We seemed to us, much larger than a normal transport aircraft.

3. Joint Statement by the Pilots: "There is nothing in common between this and the usual observations we have seen in the sky. We had, clearly, the impression of having run onto a machine, perfectly driven. Coasts and motors rolled. In effect, curved and non-straight, but constant. The instantaneous light changes constantly. Towards the end of their course, they slow down, partially stopping, and usually turn out. There is no resemblance. In spite of their speed, coasts and motors remain at such a distance that their speed seems to be slow. This Flying Egg was flying not far from us, at a high rate of speed. It was flying a course of 230 degrees; that is to say, from Northeast to Southwest, making toward Toulon."

4. In the 9 October edition, "France Soir" followed up by running another article: "The Flying Egg seen in the sky of Provence (Riviera area) has raised considerable emotion along the Cote d'Azur, where dozens of witnesses are said to have observed the phenomenon under the same conditions as pilots and ______. An American, vacationing at (the town of) Bastian, Mrs. ________, whose home is in Connecticut, told your reporter "I was, day before yesterday, at the Airport of Nice about 1930 hours. I saw a luminous object, I can't describe it more exactly than the Air France aviators. I had clearly the impression of seeing a machine, driven or radio directed, by persons unknown."

5. The article then goes on to state that, although the observatory at Nice did not see the Flying Egg, there were many witnesses who are sure that it was not a celestial body or meteor.

CHARLES J. FOWLEY
Capt., USAF


- page 3 -

