PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 11 May 52
2. LOCATION: Seattle, Washington
3. DATE-TIME GROUP:
Local: 0120 PST
GMT: 11/0920Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
[X] Ground-Visual [X] Air-Visual
[ ] Ground-Radar [ ] Air-Intercept Radar
5. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes [X] No
6. SOURCE: Many
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: <blank>
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: <blank>
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Vivid blue. Sphere v/tail. Steep dive. Two astronomers said it was a meteorite.
11. COMMENTS: See report.
12. CONCLUSIONS:
[ ] Was Balloon
[ ] Probably Balloon
[ ] Possibly Balloon
[ ] Was Aircraft
[ ] Probably Aircraft
[ ] Possibly Aircraft
[X] Was Astronomical METEOR
[ ] Probably Astronomical
[ ] Possibly Astronomical
[ ] Other_______________
[ ] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
[ ] Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)
[stamp: RETURN TO ATIC Archives Branch, Maxwell AFB, Alabama]
RAH3,6010-1  11-31 May 52

- page 1 -

[newspaper clipping, publication name partially cut off, appears to be Post-Intelligencer]

...point of the aerial object that flashed over Western Washington early Sunday. As the map shows, the object, apparently a meteor, traveled from south to north and burst into fragments at the point indicated on the map. Position was determined by eyewitness reports from an airliner and various ground observers. After bursting, fragments of the object traveled to the northwest into an area not covered by the map. Dotted lines and arrows indicate direction of sight of eyewitnesses who established approximate location of the burst. —(Post-Intelligence Map.)

...came in from every section of parts of Western Washington. Astronomers expressed the opinion that an unusually big fireball had been destroyed aloft in spectacular manner.

Col. T. Allan Bennett, commanding officer of the 25th Air Force Defense Division, McChord Air Force Base, also leaned toward the theory that the object which exploded at 1:26 a.m. was a meteor. But he said his office is making a thorough check of eyewitness reports and is anxious to receive them.

Bennett said he doubted that the object could have been an aircraft or guided missile.

None of the radar installations in the Pacific Northwest net-work picked up the object on their screens, he said.

ANGLE—
Asked if the speed of the object may have eluded the radar, Bennett said that the angle, rather than speed, probably was what caused it not to show as a "blip" on the radar scopes.

"If it was a meteor, it was probably coming nearly straight down. That would make it very difficult to track. The indications might be so insignificant that radar wouldn't pick it up," he said.

"If it was an aircraft or a guided missile, we would have picked it up," he continued.

REQUEST—
Bennett asked that anyone finding a "strange" piece of material report it to his organization at McChord.

Bennett said that the ground observer phase of the air defense setup is not at present on a 24-hour basis, and said no ground observers had reported seeing the flash.

The two-second blast, a tremendous blue-white flare, caused no ascertainable damage, but police, fire department and newspaper switchboards were jammed by hundreds of anxious calls from suddenly-awakened persons.

- page 2 -

Meteor Explodes With A Roar; Scares Thousands In Seattle

By Associated Press

SEATTLE, May 11—A giant meteor swished across western Washington and exploded with a tremendous flash and roar over Seattle at 1:28 a.m. today.

It frightened thousands of persons as it lighted the sky and rattled doors and windows.

No pieces were found, however, and the greatest damage seemed to have been inflicted on the people's nerves.

A 30-second rumble followed the flash.

Witnesses found it difficult to estimate the object's altitude and explosion point but triangulation fixed the explosion point somewhere over or just north of Greenlake in north central Seattle.

The Coast Guard estimated from early reports that it might have been as low as 2,000 feet when it burst. However, Capt. Bert Carlson, a Northwest Airlines pilot, flying a Spokane-Seattle shuttle, said the meteor flared at 1:32 a.m. by his watch and burst into flaming fragments at about 8,000 feet.

"We were approaching Ho-[article continues]

"It was a blue-white magnesium color," they reported over the police radio. "It lit up the sky like chain lightning."

Newspaper and police switchboards were jammed by excited callers whose fear ranged from explosion of an atom bomb to an earthquake. Very few thought of a meteor.

Police and state patrolmen patrols made fruitless efforts to find pieces of the meteor.

AN ASTROMONER at the Yerkes Observatory, Lake Geneva, Wis., said the Seattle phenomenon apparently was a "fireball" — a big meteor heavy enough to penetrate into the earth's lower atmosphere.

"However, anything can happen, and the reported force of the explosion suggests that it was somewhat lower than the usual height.

"METEORS' surfaces burn off rapidly from friction with the air and they often explode from the tremendous heat."

Fragments are seldom found, Ku[iper] said, either because they burn up before reaching ground or because they are too small to be noticed.

The chances of a meteor or a large fragment from one striking the earth are "extremely rare," Kuiper said.

THREE SEATTLE police prowl cars reported the object exploded over Green Lake in North Seattle at about 2,000 feet.

Sidney Howick, weather observer at the Seattle-Tacoma airport weather bureau, said: "It was sort of a lights-on, lights-off thing. It lasted two seconds at most."

Most observers agreed the object was travelling from southwest to northeast when it blew up.

Ten hours after the explosion, there were no reports of damage or recovered fragments.

- page 3 -

The Detroit Free Press    MONDAY, MAY 12, 1952    On Guard for Over a Century    40 Pages

Was Eerie Explosion a Meteor?
SKY BLAST ROCKS SEATTLE

Free Press Wire Services

SEATTLE — An unidentified missile — possibly a giant meteor — "rumbled like a freight train" across the sky and exploded over Seattle early Sunday.

The Air Defense Command began an immediate investigation.

The explosion bathed this industrial city of 500,000 persons in an eerie blue-white light and knocked city dwellers from their beds.

The blast was visible from 60 miles away, and occurred at a height estimated as low as 2,000 feet.

THOUSANDS of persons were awakened by the concussion, but there was no report of damage.

The phenomenon was at first definitely believed to be caused by a meteor exploding within the earth's atmosphere.

But astronomers said it was almost impossible for a meteor to get within 2,000 feet of the ground before disintegrating.

Some pointed out, however, that it might have been higher than reported by observers.

Dr. Fred L. Whipple, Harvard University meteor expert, said that if the Washington blast had been a little lower than reported it might have wiped out all of Seattle and its inhabitants.

Northwest Airlines Pilot Bert Carlson sighted the object as he prepared to land at Seattle-Tacoma international airport.

He said it was at about 7,000 feet when it suddenly shattered into eight pieces which looked like chain lightning. What appeared to be fireballs trailed to the earth, he said.

AN ASTRONOMER at the Yerkes Observatory, Lake Geneva, Wis., said the Seattle phenomenon apparently was a "fireball" — a big meteor heavy enough to penetrate into the earth's lower atmosphere.

But the Yerkes expert, Prof. Gerard Kuiper, said he was inclined to doubt that the object exploded even as low as 7,000 feet.

"Fireballs usually explode 10 to 15 miles up," he said.

"However, anything can happen, and the reported force of the explosion suggests that it was somewhat lower than the usual height.

"METEORS' surfaces burn off rapidly from friction with the air and they often explode from the tremendous heat."

Fragments are seldom found, Kuiper said, either because they burn up before reaching ground or because they are too small to be noticed.

The chances of a meteor or a large fragment from one striking the earth are "extremely rare," Kuiper said.

THREE SEATTLE police prowl cars reported the object exploded over Green Lake in North Seattle at about 2,000 feet.

Sidney Howick, weather observer at the Seattle-Tacoma airport weather bureau, said: "It was sort of a lights-on, lights-off thing. It lasted two seconds at most."

Most observers agreed the object was travelling from southwest to northeast when it blew up.

Ten hours after the explosion, there were no reports of damage or recovered fragments.

- page 4 -

Detroit Free Press    On Guard for Over a Century    40 Pages    Vol. 122—No. 7    Five Cents    METRO FINAL

[continuation of SKY BLAST ROCKS SEATTLE article]

...7,000 feet when it suddenly shattered into eight pieces which looked like chain lightning. What appeared to be fireballs trailed to the earth, he said.

AN ASTRONOMER at the Yerkes Observatory, Lake Geneva, Wis., said the Seattle phenomenon apparently was a "fireball" — a big meteor heavy enough to penetrate into the earth's lower atmosphere. But the Yerkes expert, Prof. Gerard Kuiper, said he was inclined to doubt that the object exploded even as low as 7,000 feet.

"Fireballs usually explode 10 to 15 miles up," he said.

"METEORS' surfaces burn off rapidly from friction with the air and they often explode from the tremendous heat."

The chances of a meteor or a large fragment from one striking the earth are "extremely rare," Kuiper said.

J. Hugh Pruett, Pacific regional director of the American Meteor Society, said: "Unless it was an infernal machine of some kind, it could have been a huge meteor."

THREE SEATTLE police prowl cars reported the object exploded over Green Lake in North Seattle at about 2,000 feet.

Sidney Howick, weather observer at the Seattle-Tacoma airport weather bureau, said: "It was sort of a lights-on, lights-off thing. It lasted two seconds at most."

Most observers agreed the object was travelling from southwest to northeast when it blew up.

Ten hours after the explosion, there were no reports of damage or recovered fragments.

"Everything turned blue. As soon as it went out there were fireballs or something falling straight down like fireworks. That came in another couple of seconds. Two or three minutes later I heard the rumble."

- page 5 -

HEADQUARTERS 25TH AIR DIVISION (DEFENSE)
McChord Air Force Base, Washington
ODI 319.1                    UNCLASSIFIED                    20 MAY 1952
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report
TO: Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio

1. The inclosed report is submitted in accordance with ADCL 200-1, dated 11 April 1951.

2. If inclosure is withdrawn or not attached, the classification of this correspondence will be downgraded to "Unclassified", in accordance with paragraph 25c, ADR 205-1.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

MARY A. ROTHER
2nd Lt    USAF
Adjutant General

1 Incl
Info on Unconventional Acft, dtd 16 May 1952 (in dup)

Distribution:
Dir of Intell, DSC/O, Hq USAF (1cy)
CG, ADC, Attn: Dir of Intell (1cy)
CG, MAFE, Attn: Dir of Intell (1cy)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED [remainder illegible]

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 6 -

AF FORM 112—PART II    APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948    UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Agency): Hq 25th Air Division (Def)
REPORT NO.: IR-25 ADIVODI-3-52
PAGE 2 OF 2 PAGES

b. [duration of] target approximately 9 seconds.

9. Other aircraft in area unknown.

B. The following is an extract from Controller's log, Combat Operations Center, 25th Air Division (Def):

0320: Radio report of explosion over Seattle was relayed by CCO, this fn.

0520: An object believed to be a meteor was sighted coming from the south and going North. The object exploded over Seattle. The object was sighted by a Northwest Airlines pilot, Seattle Police, and many others. Its general description was a red body with trailing streaks but no estimate was given of its speed. The airlines pilot felt the altitude was about 7000 feet. There were no reports of damage to any radar trucks. This station was off the air at the time on minor [illegible]. Reports of the concussion came from as far away as North Tacoma. Explosion time 0035 PST.

1125: The pilot of the Northwest airliner was [REDACTED] - Login SMPT. He reports sighting the object 2 minutes before passing Robert Inn at 0061 or 0032 PST. He reports the object was left of his A/C (30-3) and appeared to be a rocket-type, giving off sparks or streamers coming from it. The object exploded slightly below his A/C level (7000 ft t) with a lingering flash which lighted the sky but not the ground. He did not hear or feel explosion. The A/C was loaded 8 Sea-Tac. The Sea-Tac controller [REDACTED] also saw the object and believed it exploded in the Renton area. Washington State Patrol, Seattle Patrol, Sea-point Naval Tower were among people sighting the object. First report received was from a person on the North end of Mercer Island who reported the explosion northeast of the island. He saw the flash and several seconds later felt the blast. Apparently no one kept any record of names of people sighting the object because of the volume of calls. [REDACTED] (Game Operator) reported seeing the object. Mr. [REDACTED] Summit, also reported sighting the object. MAP advised.

2035: The University of Washington professor mentioned in the reports of explosion over Seattle is [REDACTED], Phone [REDACTED] in Seattle. He now says he believes the explosion to be a meteor and is compiling all data for a report. For which he did not say.

3. From evidence available it is the opinion of the undersigned, the unidentified object was a meteor.

NEIL A. YOSBURGH
Major USAF
Director of Intelligence

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 7 -

AF FORM 112—PART I    APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948    UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

COUNTRY: USA
REPORT NO.: IR-25ADIVODI-3-52
SUBJECT: Meteor
AREA REPORTED ON: Seattle, Washington
FROM (Agency): Hq 25th Air Division (Def)
DATE OF REPORT: 16 May 52
DATE OF INFORMATION: 11 May 52
EVALUATION: C-1
PREPARED BY: NEIL A. YONSBUREE, Maj, USAF, Dir of Intell
SOURCE: Seattle Post Intelligence; Combat Data COO; Constabularies Log; Hq 25th ADIV

SUMMARY:
1. The following report is submitted in accordance with Air Defense Command Letter 200-1, dated 11 April 51, Subject: Unidentified Objects Report.

a. A meteor type object traveling at approximately 1600 to 3000 [feet], believed to be coming from outer space, nearly straight, came from south to north direction, vivid blue in color, with flaming sparks or streamers being emitted, exploded in a brilliant flash, lighting up the sky and disappeared. No sound was heard except a brilliant explosion at the moment of impact — experienced by some of the eye-witnesses of approximately 9 seconds duration.

b. Time of sighting: approximately 0124 to 0133 Pacific Standard Time, 11 May 1952. Period of duration: approximately 4 seconds.

c. Visual observation only. Not picked up on radar.

d. Northwest Airlines pilot [REDACTED] sighted object at 3000 feet, 2 minutes before passing Robert Inn at 0161 or 0192 Pacific Standard Time. Object was to left of his aircraft while coming in for a landing at Seattle-Tacoma Airport at 7000 feet on course due west. Approximate position of explosion 47°21'N and 122°10'W. Mr. [REDACTED], Seattle engineer, noticed the object approximately 30 miles distance at about 21 degrees above horizon and 15 degrees east of north.

e. Mr. [REDACTED]: evaluation C-1. Mr. [REDACTED]: evaluation C-1.

f. Weather Seattle area: 5/10 overcast at 5 to 6 thousand feet with 10/10 overcast at 10,000 feet. Intermittent light rain in area. Winds light and variable bearing SW aloft at 20 to 50 knots at 25,000 feet.

g. Mr. [REDACTED], Professor at the University of Washington, reported the explosion to be a meteor.

h. No physical evidence available.

i. Target was not intercepted nor picked up by radar. Duration of [target approximately 9 seconds — see Part II]

1 Incl: Clipping from Seattle Post Intelligence dtd 12 May 1952

- page 8 -

JOINT MESSAGEFORM    UNCLASSIFIED
FROM: (Originator)
DATE-TIME GROUP: 1613302 May 52
TO: CG MC CHORD AFB TACOMA WASH
TELETYPE
FROM: AFOIN-ATIAA-5-7E FOR BASE INTELLIGENCE OFFICER

Reference is made to meteor explosion over Seattle on 11 May 1952. Request that college or university astronomers in Seattle area be contacted to verify fact object was a meteor. Also request info as to whether or not search for fragments is anticipated. Include names of astronomers contacted.

LT R. J. RUPPALT
SYMBOL ATIAN-7a
OFFICIAL TITLE: ROBERT B. KENNEDY, Major, USAF, Air Adjutant General
DD FORM 173    PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 9 -

UNCLASSIFIED

FM CG 25TH AIR DIV MCCHORD AFB WASH
TO CHIEF AIR TECH INTELL CENTER WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
25ADIVODI 6236 PD REF YOUR MSG AFOIN-ATIAA-5-7E PD
FOL ASTRONOMERS CONTACTED CLN DR [REDACTED] AND DR [REDACTED] FR UNIV OF WASH CMA THEY STATE OBJECT WAS A METEOR PD A SEARCH FOR FRAGMENTS IS BEING CONDUCTED PD IF ANY ARE FOUND YOUR HQS WILL BE NOTIFIED PD
26/1652Z MAY JWPDM

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED    Cy 1

- page 10 -

APPENDIX IV
Seattle, Washington — 11 May 1952

I. DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT
At approximately 0124 to 0132 PST, on 11 May 1952 many individuals reported sighting a vivid blue object with flaming sparks or streamers coming nearly straight down over Seattle, Washington. The object exploded in a brilliant flash, lighting up the sky and then disappeared. After the explosion, some of the witnesses experienced a tremor or shock wave of approximately nine seconds duration.

II. STATUS OF THE INVESTIGATION
Two local astronomers were contacted and they stated that the object was a meteor. At the present time the astronomers are searching for fragments to confirm their statement.

III. CONCLUSIONS
Object was probably a meteor but file will not be closed until confirming evidence is found.

DOWNGRADED AT 6 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10

T52-11949    16

- page 11 -

Air Force Checks Data On Presumed Meteor
(Continued from Page 1.)

...an earthquake had rocked the Pacific Northwest.

After hearing descriptions of the object, trained observers agreed the visitor was a meteor, drawn by earth's gravity from deep space, to blow itself to pieces as friction from the atmosphere heated it to extreme temperatures.

More susceptible viewers guessed the object to be a "Russian bomb," a guided missile, or a "flying saucer."

At least four competent observers had grandstand views of the "fireball." They were the pilot and co-pilot of an airliner, coming in for a landing at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, a United States Weather Bureau observer there and a control tower operator.

PILOTS SAW IT—
Capt. B.C. Carlson and Co-Pilot Earl Perry, flying a Spokane-Seattle Northwest Airlines, said the meteor flare flared at 1:32 a.m. by his watch and burst into flaming fragments at about 8,000 feet.

"We were approaching Ho-[truncated]

From the airport control tower, Airway Operations Specialist Robert Wiley laconically noted in the Civil Aeronautics Administration logbook:
"Observed very brilliant blue light at 1:32 a.m. (PDT). Appeared light all of airport and originate from northwest direction. Land tremor (explosion) followed about 2 minutes afterward."

The 30-second rumble followed the flash.

SAW FLASH—
From the window of his Mercer Island home, Guy L. Bettinger, 7424 W. Mercer Way, saw what he described as a "tremendous flash in the sky." He said:
"The light seemed to go straight up, like a huge electric arc — something like when a transformer explodes. The apex of the light seemed to be about as high as Mount Rainier."
"I thought right away there had been a terrific explosion. I braced for a shock. It seemed like 1½ to 2 minutes before the shock wave hit."

Engineer Reports On Meteor

No one got a better "fix" on Sunday's meteor than Don E. Lyman, Seattle engineer.
Lyman was standing at a window in his home, 18838-19th Ave. S.W., when the flash blinded him momentarily.
Reacting quickly, he went to work with watch and compass. These were his observations:
"The flash came at 1:24 a.m. by his watch. It was of 9 seconds' duration. The normal brightness of the flash was maintained for 4 seconds. In color it was a mercury or magnesium blue, with no trace of a greenish tint."
The flash was followed by a deep shaking tremor which lasted 12 seconds. The tremor started 2½ minutes after the flash. This would put the explosion 30 or 31 miles away. The flash was 21 degrees above the horizon and 18 degrees east of north.
"The tremor had a deep, deep sound like somebody down in the furnace," Lyman said.

- page 12 -

Seattle Post Intelligencer — 12 May 1952

Air Force Checking Presumed Meteor That Shook Seattle

Not Seen On Radar

Astronomers throughout the nation, and the United States Air Force, guardian of the skies, displayed keen interest Sunday in the fiery object that flashed across the Seattle area in the blackness of the early morning, then exploded violently.

Scientists who make a study of phenomena of outer space concluded the fiery object was a large meteor that streaked through the earth's blanket of air and disintegrated into flaming streamers.

The Air Force has become interested in all sky visitors since it is charged with the job of keeping a radar watch of all things, natural and man-made, that pass overhead.

CHECKING DATA—
As eyewitness accounts of the strange light and following blast came in from widely scattered parts of Western Washington, astronomers expressed the opinion that an unusually big fireball had been destroyed aloft in spectacular manner.

Col. T. Allan Bennett, commanding officer of the 25th Air Force Defense Division, McChord Air Force Base, also leaned toward the theory that the object which exploded at 1:26 a.m. was a meteor. But he said his office is making a thorough check of eyewitness reports and is anxious to receive them. Bennett said he doubted that the object could have been an aircraft or guided missile. None of the radar installations in the Pacific Northwest network picked up the object on their screens, he said.

ANGLE—
Asked if the speed of the object may have eluded the radar, Bennett said that the angle, rather than speed, probably was what caused it not to show as a "blip" on the radar scopes.

"If it was a meteor, it was probably coming nearly straight down. That would make it very difficult to track. The indications might be so insignificant that radar wouldn't pick it up," he said.

"If it was an aircraft or a guided missile, we would have picked it up," he continued.

REQUEST—
Bennett asked that anyone finding a "strange" piece of material report it to his organization at McChord.

Bennett said that the ground observer phase of the air defense setup is not at present on a 24-hour basis, and said no ground observers had reported seeing the flash.

The two-second blast, a tremendous blue-white flare, caused no ascertainable damage, but police, fire department and newspaper switchboards were jammed by hundreds of anxious calls from suddenly-awakened persons.

[NON-TEXT PAGE: map showing line of flight from south to north over King County area, bursting point northeast of Kent/Hobart; caption "LINE OF FLIGHT—Shown on this map is the path and the bursting point of the aerial object..."]

- page 13 -

