The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report entry.

TEXT OUTPUT:

RECORD CARD
CHICAGO ILLS
DATE 2/22/52 csT
TIME 20/42:00 Z
Civilian woman
Six round objects darting around sky
over Chicago reported by woman to FBI.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

OCR text output:

UNCLASSIFIED

SECRET INTELLIGENCE REPORT 

SUBJECT: Flying Discs
CHICAGO, Northwest Side 
2300 hours, 30 July 1952

TO: Director of Special Investigations 
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington 25, D. C. 

1. SYNOPSIS: Flying discs seen by resident of Chicago about 2300 hours, 30 July 1952.

2. DETAILS: This office has been advised by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Chicago, that on 30 July 1952 this agency was advised that a Chicago, Illinois, housewife had reported that she had seen what she believed to be "flying discs" at 2300 hours on 29 July 1952, while in the vicinity of Portage Park and Addison Street, Chicago. The woman stated that about six (6) or seven (7) objects appeared to be circular in shape, were gray in color, and moved in a diagonal line across the sky. The witness estimated that the objects were at an altitude of approximately six (6) or seven (7) thousand feet and that they were not in any formation but were independently flying and maneuvered on a vertical plane. She estimated that the objects were approximately six (6) or seven (7) feet in diameter and were quite large in appearance. No sound was reported to be associated with the objects.

3. ARTICLE: Two (2) copies of this report being transmitted through channels to the Director of Intelligence, United States Air Force, Washington, D. C., and to the Director of Central Intelligence, Central Intelligence Agency, with current data and information.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the mid-20th century.

Text from the document:

SUBJECT: Flying Discs
LOCATION: Yarmouth Harbor, Nova Scotia
DATE: 17 July 1952

TO: Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.

1. SYNOPSIS: Series (7) flying discs were observed by individual vacationing at Yarmouth Harbor, Nova Scotia on 17 July 1952.

DETAILS: This office has been advised by the Federal Bureau of Investigation that on 25 July 1952, Henry F. Wright, while vacationing in Nova Scotia also had observed what he believed to be several (7) flying discs in the vicinity of Yarmouth Harbor on 17 July 1952, at approximately 1230 hours.

Mr. Wright advised that he and his wife were on a pleasure cruise on their boat in the harbor when they sighted these objects. She was wearing Yarmouth Harbor showed her observation of these objects to a number of other persons, including members of his family, and the general public. She stated that these objects were silvery in color and were traveling at a very high rate of speed, estimated to be in excess of half-circle rate of speed, estimated to be in excess of half-circle of half-circle were arranged in a symmetrical form, and were visible for an estimated period of two to three minutes. The full circle were illuminated and slightly flattened as they passed overhead.

No further details of the sighting were obtained. The case is considered closed from this end, and no further investigation is contemplated by this office.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Encountered in the air, they failed to disappear over the land as if they were part of a formation maneuver to check position to each other as if they were part of their group descending. She added that she did not know whether they suddenly disappeared above the land or whether they sank straight down and whether they were close to the horizon, they disappeared.

She stated that the discs passed slightly polished and silvery in color and seemed to be from 15 to 20 feet in diameter. She added that these objects had a distance shape and that she could see them distinctly when they seemed to stack up in a formation which she estimated to be three circles in the center and two circling them and that they seemed to be flying in an erratic manner, sometimes close together and sometimes spread apart at the same time.

Mrs. X stated that she described the day as being bright and clear and said that she could not recall seeing any clouds in the sky. She added that it being midsummer, the day was quite bright.

and that the position of the objects at the time she sighted them and also the position of the sun in relation to herself and the above objects.

(2) Sketches of this report, with inclination indicated in paragraph 2 above, being transmitted direct to the Commanding General, Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, attention: MGRS, in compliance with current instructions.

M. Q THEISEN
Lt. Colonel, USAP
District Commander

CC: G-2, APC (Attn: VCRS (4/incl))

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

