The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card from the United States Air Force, specifically related to an observation made on April 1, 1952 in Washington, Indiana.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 1 April 52
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local. 2025 CST
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: G Ground-Visual
4. SOURCE: 3 Male Civilians 
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Gray color with deep orange tail. Spherical ball. Made by long turn around of course stead, report was phoned to Attlebury AFB.
11. COMMENTS: Object first observed near setting sun. Gray colored observers that varied in size.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a disposition form from the Department of the Air Force regarding material for Project Blue Book.

DISPOSITION FORM 
FILE NO. 139774
TO Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center, SUBJECT (Etc.) Material for Project Blue Book
1. The attached letter, with enclosure, from the 2466th Air Force Reserve Training Center is forwarded for information and retention.
2. It will be noted that some confidential data is cited in the dates quoted. The letter from the 2466th Air Force Reserve Training Center implies that this incident occurred on 11 April 1952 and gave the weather report for 1330 hours on 10 April 52.
3. A letter to Mr. **** expressing official USAF appreciation has been prepared.
WILLIAM A. ADAMS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Chief, Evaluation Division
Directorate of Intelligence
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this document. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

HEADQUARTERS
2466TH AIR FORCE RESERVE TRAINING CENTER
Atterbury Air Force Base
Columbus, Indiana

24664 360                                     21 April 1952

SUBJECT: Reporting of Information on Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Director of Intelligence
DCS/O, Headquarters, USAF
ATTN: AFOIN-G/CC
Pentagon Building
Washington 25, D. C.

1. Mr. Harley Rowe, 109 East Hawkins Street, Bloomington, Indiana, reported to this headquarters at 1300, 11 April 1952, that he and two friends (Gerald L. Killian, 3126 LaSS Street, Bloomington, Indiana, and Donald Kelley (Mil)) had sighted a flying saucer. His statement follows:

(a) We were driving along a gravel road about 10 miles northwest of Bloomington, Texas, when we saw a silver object in the sky. We were 6 miles north of Washington, Indiana, when this incident took place. At first the object was silver in color but as we watched, it became the same color as the sky. At first, we thought it was the same color as the sky, more of a bluish-green. Most of the time we watched, the object was the same color as the sky and it was very difficult to see. 

(b) It must have been about 4.5 degrees in size, as nearly as we could judge. When it was overhead, it appeared to be about the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length. It was very high, perhaps 10 miles. We watched the thing for just about four (4) minutes. The object appeared to be stationary, remaining about 15 to 20 minutes the height of the object itself.

(c) The movement was very high, perhaps 10 miles. I don't know. We watched it for just about four (4) minutes. The object appeared to be stationary, remaining about 15 to 20 minutes the height of the object itself. 

(d) It must have been about 4.5 degrees in size, as nearly as we could judge. When it was overhead, it appeared to be about the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length. It was very high, perhaps 10 miles.

(e) We watched the thing for just about four (4) minutes. The object appeared to be stationary, remaining about 15 to 20 minutes the height of the object itself.

2. According to Mr. Rowe's account, the Atterbury Air Force Base forecaster, Mr. Bracken, said that to his knowledge, there was no weather condition in that area that might appear as described above.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

21,66a 360 SUBJECT: Reporting of Information on Unidentified Flying Objects

1. Reference is made to a letter from this Headquarters, dated 16 April 1952, which called attention to the fact that a C-46, #23895, piloted by a Lt. --------, which left Attlebury Air Force Base at 1939, approximately one minute later than this time. The pilot said he saw the object.

4. Witnesses are not experienced at such observation. The run was just spotting and the light may not have been good. No action taken.

5. Official weather at 1930 to April: scattered clouds at 14,000 feet, overcast at 21,000, nine miles visibility, wind N-NE, 5 mph, temperature 39.

6. It is forwarded to this Headquarters a letter containing the information contained in the above report. A copy of this letter is enclosed.

WILLIAM S. PCCOCK, JR.
Colonel, USAF
Commanding

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book report on an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

April 11, 1952
Bloomington, Indians

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

I phoned in this report to the Officer of the Day the date of this letter. I will try to explain what I saw.

The three of us were on our way to Terre Haute on April the 1st, we were traveling directly west, our location was about eight miles east of Bloomington, Indiana.

We saw a long streak of constant light in the sky in the west, right above the eastern horizon. The streak was about the width of a man's hand held at arm's length. At first thought it was just part of the sun coming through sparse clouds because there were a lot of clouds around the sun. But we realized shortly that it was moving at a high rate of speed. It moved out of sight in about 3 to 5 minutes. The light did not flicker or pulsate like an airplane could be seen at that distance (it was 6:25). When it went out of sight behind some higher clouds, the light seemed to expand and disappear in four minutes from the time we first saw the saucer-like object. When it reappeared directly in line with it was just a point of light was found. But the height it could not determine nor could I tell how far it was going. It just seemed to lose it.

My address is 1010 S. Grant Street, Bloomington, Indiana.

Sincerely

WILLIAM E. FOCCOCI, JR. Colonel, USAF
This is a certified true copy.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an extract from a status report related to a UFO sighting.

EXTRACT FROM STATUS REPORT # 7
DATE: 11 Apr 52 
TIME (local): 2325
LOCATION: Washington, Ind.
LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED: 4 min.
SOUND: Unknown
SPEED: Unknown
ALTITUDE: Very high
HEADING: to
COURSE: Civilians
ACTION OR CONTENTS: Could be the vapor trail of an aircraft - very strong - looked like the taillight of an aircraft from a distance - turned northwest and disappeared (considered reliable)
DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT: Report of 4 bright luminous objects with trailing lights, observed at Washington, Ind., at 2325 EST on 11 April 1952. Objects moved in a northwest direction and disappeared.

- page 6 -

