PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
2 Apr 52

2. LOCATION
Washington, D.C.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
GMT 07/61-52

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☒ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
[Illegible]

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
[Illegible]

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Spot could have been due to several things - all faulty in development.

11. COMMENTS
Photo submitted to ATIC for examination of "spot".

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

UNITED STATES
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

April 18, 1952

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

Enclosed is a copy of a night picture that I took of the Washington, D. C. area. I'm sending the print to you for your inspection of the circled object. I have no idea what the object is. Since the picture is a time exposure, it could not be an airplane or streaks of light which would appear on the print similar to those made by cars on the roads.

The picture was made on the evening of April 2, 1952 at 2330 hours. During the entire exposure time I noted nothing moving in the sky.

Exposure data: 20 minutes at f 4.5, Eastman Super XX film.
Camera: 4 x 5 Busch Pressman with an f 4.5 162 mm. Raptar lens.

Any information you can give me on this would be appreciated. I would prefer that you do not publish this picture as I have plans to do so myself. If I do not receive word from you to the contrary within 10 days I shall assume that you have no objection to such publication and go ahead with my plans.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]
Geologist
Alaskan Trace Elements Unit
U. S. Geological Survey
Washington 25, D. C.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

ATIA-26/Lt Rothstein/va/54261

24 APR 1952

Mr.
Alaskan Trace Filaments Unit
U. S. Geological Survey
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Mr.

We have received your picture and letter and appreciate your thoughtfulness in writing us. In order to analyze the picture, it is necessary for us to have the negative which will be returned to you.

I assure you that your photograph will not be published by us and any correspondence between us will be kept in the strictest confidence.

Sincerely yours,

S. H. KIRKLAND, JR.
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Technical Analysis Division

The document appears to be an official military letter from the Technical Analysis Division, signed by Colonel S. H. Kirkland Jr., responding to a correspondence about a photograph.


- page 3 -

May 7, 1952

Colonel S. H. Kirkland, Jr.
Chief, Technical Analysis Division
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Dear Colonel Kirkland:

Enclosed is the negative which you requested in your letter of April 24, a copy of which is attached.

When you have finished with the negative, please return it to the following address:

2007 S. 11th Ave.
Maywood, Ill.

Should you wish to contact me for any further informa-tion, I can be reached at the above address until May 17. After that date I can be reached at the following address:

Alaskan Trace Elements Unit
U. S. Geological Survey
Box 1063
Fairbanks, Alaska.

I hope you will be able to explain the object in the picture. I have repeatedly examined the picture and negative and still can not arrive at any satisfactory explanation.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

KLCCC

[Redacted Address]
U.S. Geological Survey
Box 1068
Fairbanks, Alaska

Dear Dr. [Redacted]:

Your letter of 7 May containing one negative has been received and analyzed by our photography section. Their conclusions are as follows:

a. The image density is sufficiently great that the sky to image contrast with the aerial object is quite low.

b. The image in question appears to have been caused by a slight abrasion, crossing with a known as a substandard which develops to photographic density.

c. A fog-density measurement on the edge of the film frame of .70, while the density of the sky area occupied by the image is only .75, therefore, makes no light action to speak of has affected the sky area and the fog density is of such high value, of .67, that this, a high developer temperature, or a developer of high energy may have been a contributing cause for such a weak density.

d. If during the period of development, a small, unresolved portion of the developing agent became attached to the negative, it is quite possible that the agent caused such localized density increase.

Your initiative and cooperation in this matter is highly commended and is appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

DONALD L. BAKER
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Technical Analysis Division

Incl
Negative

Confirmed registered under T-52-11607

[Bottom of form with various administrative sections, mostly blank]


- page 5 -

Case includes 1, 5½ x 4" photo


- page 6 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing what seems to be a landscape with buildings, possibly an industrial or urban area, with some structures and what looks like railroad tracks in the foreground. The image is grainy and has low contrast, typical of mid-20th century photographic documentation.


- page 7 -

