PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 May 1952

2. LOCATION
Yellow Springs, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 0050 R
GMT: 14/0550 Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
Senior in college

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4-5 Seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
220°

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Maneuvers: Straight and level

11. COMMENTS
Size of half moon. Clear night.
No sound.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
[X] Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

[Handwritten note at bottom: "METEOR"]


- page 1 -

1. Date object was observed     May 14, 1952

2. Time object was first seen     Between 12:50 & 12:55 AM

3. Place from which you observed the object     Steps of a building

4. How was object observed (naked eye, binoculars, etc.)     Naked eye

5. What were you doing when the object was first observed?     Walking down the steps of a building.

6. What attracted your attention to the object?     It was a beautiful night out and I had glanced up at the sky--purely luck that I saw it.

7. Path of object.
   a. Direction from which object appeared (degrees or direction)     Approximately from the East.

   b. Direction in which object disappeared (degrees or direction)     Heading almost due West: would have passed over Wright-Patterson Field if it continued on course.

   c. Elevation object appeared (degrees above horizon)     It was approximately ten degrees off the zenith.

   d. Elevation object disappeared (degrees above horizon)     Did not have an unobstructed view--disappeared behind some trees.

   e. Shape of flight path of object (straight and level, arched, etc.)     Straight and level.

   f. How did object disappear (grow dimmer, go out suddenly, etc.)     The glow was constant while in my line of vision.

8. Length of time the object was observed     Four to five seconds at most.

9. Description of object.
   a. How many objects were seen?     One.

   b. Apparent size of object?     See # on second page.


- page 2 -

c. Apparent speed of object? Double that of a jet-seat.

d. Apparent altitude of object? Could not be determined.

e. Shape of object? Elliptical

f. Color of object? Glowed with a dull brownish-green light.

g. Did object perform any maneuvers, if so describe No

h. Did object make any sound, if so describe Completely silent.

i. Were any tails or trails seen? None. Object sharply defined.

j. Draw sketch.
The thing was roughly this shape. The glow was most clearly defined around the edges, shading of dull darkness towards the interior of the object, definitely giving the impression that there was more, unlighted, surface area.

10. What type of day was it (hazy, clear, etc.)? Describe. Beautifully clear with no moon or clouds in the sky.

11. Clouds.
a. Were any clouds in sky at time of observation? No.

12. What is your occupation? Senior college student.

13. Any details that cannot be fully explained by the above questions.
*The size of the object appeared to be that of a half-moon from my vantage point. The speed of the object, if it had been traveling at two thousand feet, would have been about

2


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Possible that left traveling at the same altitude was high (which I think is more likely). The speed would be increased proportionally as well. If you were to take a complete circle, light it and send it horizontally and, at the same time, have the forward edge tilted in a climbing motion, you would get the same half-moon effect I saw, with the attendant shading of light. I am not saying that this is what the thing was doing. This is just my impression of how I would reproduce the right. This is just my impression of how I would reproduce the right.

Name [redacted]
Address: Antioch College, Yellow Springs, O.
Date: May 16, 1952

The page is numbered "3" at the bottom.


- page 4 -

