PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 27 Sept 1952

2. LOCATION: Rabat, Fr. Morocco

3. DATE-TIME GROUP:
Local ____1010 hrs

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
[X] Ground-Visual     [ ] Ground-Radar
[ ] A-V-Visual        [ ] Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE: CIV

6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Few seconds

8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Trajectory of obj was rectilinear. The object was variously described as an orange-colored ball of fire, an arrow, or a cone shaped obj trailing a bright green-blue cloud of smoke.

9. COURSE: E to W

10. [illegible]

11. COMMENTS: <blank>

12. CONCLUSIONS:
Possibly Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Possibly Astro. co. [illegible]
Possibly Astro. co.
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

TIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

REPORT STRANGE OBJECT OVER TANGIER AND FES -- Fes, Le Courrier du Maroc,
22 Sep 52.

[handwritten: REFER TO ( .SE: )1JJLSZ -FR MAROCS (→) RABAT]

On 21 September 1952, at 1815 hours, many people at a beach 17 kilometers
from Tangier saw toward the south a luminous disk of a diameter close to that
of the setting sun, flying horizontally from east to west. After holding its
course for about 12 seconds, the disk, which looked like a brightly illuminated
metal object, suddenly emitted two great streaks of flames and disappeared.

At 1820 hours, a strange object was also seen in the sky over Fes, French
Morocco, flying at high speed from east to west and leaving behind a luminous
white trail.

- page 2 -

[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]

00-W-24639

BELIEVE OBJECT OVER MOROCCO ONLY A METEOR -- Rabat, L'Echo du Maroc, 22 Sep 52

REFER TO ITEM 7/6 JUL 52 O/R MOROCCO - RABAT

On 21 September 1952, at 8:18 hours, the mysterious object seen in all Morocco and beyond was observed over Rabat. It seems more likely, however, that this time, it was a meteor, because the trajectory of the object was given in rectilinear, it did not maneuver in the way surmised and said to do, and its entire body was incandescent, which is not true of flying machines.

The object was variously described as an orange-colored ball of fire, an arrow, or a cone-shaped object trailing a bright green-blue cloud of smoke, heading from east to west and parallel to the coast, and moving at the speed of a conventional plane at an altitude of about 1,000 meters. The object was visible for only a few seconds. After it passed a thin, white trail of smoke remained visible for about 5 minutes.

- page 3 -

PILOT GETS CLOSE VIEW OF SAUCER FOR BRIEF INTERVAL -- Casablanca, Maroc-Presse,
23 Sep 52

[handwritten: SUPER CLOSE 16 JULY-FR. MOROCCO-RABAT]

The pilot of a tourist plane reports that on 21 September 1952, he flew
for 10 seconds and about 50 meters in the same direction as the flying saucer
so vividly observed that day. This former military pilot, whose name is Creze,
answered specific questions put to him and gave the following information:

As he was preparing to land at an airfield in Casablanca, at 1825 hours,
he noticed the strange object about 30 meters to the left of his plane (a
ground mechanic later verified this, as he saw a luminous object fly between
himself and the plane). It was flying horizontally from east to west, along
the same line of flight as that maintained by Creze. The latter was doing 220
kilometers an hour at the time, at an altitude of 450 meters, and the object
was going about twice as fast. He motioned to his passenger, who saw it too.
It looked like a bright blue-green flame and had an oblong cigar-like shape.
He heard no noise coming from it. After it passed the plane, it disappeared
in the direction of the sea. The pilot did not attempt to pursue it, fearing
the same fate as that of the US pilot [Captain Mantell].

That same evening, in Azemmour, French Morocco, a French couple and their
farm workers heard a loud explosion as the strange flying object passed by.
This is the first report we have of any sound heard from such objects. Other
reports were received from Fez, Meknes, and Safi, where in each case the sight
ing was said to have occurred at 1820 hours.

- 3 -

[handwritten: LIND]

- page 4 -

AF FORM 112—PART

COUNTRY
Morocco

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT
Observations of Unconventional Missiles or Aircraft

AREA
Germany and Morocco

DATE OF REPORT
15 October 1952

PREPARED BY (OFFICER)
Major P. W. Consul tant*

REPORT NO
1952-09-68

DATE OF INFORMATION
September 1952

FROM (AGENCY)
Hq. USAFS, ATI Branch

EVALUATION
Doubtary

SOURCE
Confidential

*SOURCES (Current number, directive, previous reports, etc., as applicable)
SEE TIC-333-D dated 22 August 1952 and AMI-2130-52

SUMMARY: Enter only summary of report. Give a preliminary paragraph. Lid inquiries if so per suit. Begin text of report on AF Form 112, Part II.

1. Transmitted herewith is preliminary information obtained from two German astrophysical observers as a result of letters written and sent to Dr. H. C. Urey of the German Space Travel Society, who is preparing a report on "unexplained aerial objects".

2. Part II of this report contains a translation of a letter from the Swabian Astronomical Observatory, Stuttgart, which gives explanations of several observations. A translation of a letter from the Observatory at Gomaringen, which also includes a brief description of a sighting near Comabringen, is also included in Part II.

3. Additional information from other institutions will be forwarded by later reports.

4. The information contained herein will be of interest to the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

APPROVED:

M ROBERT A. ELDER
Colonel, USAF
Chief, ATI Branch

[stamp: DECLASSIFIED]

- page 5 -

THOUSAND WITNESS SAUCER OVER MOROCCO AND TANGIER -- Casablanca, Maroc-Presse,
22 Sep 52

REFER. A CASE, (BJulss-Rapad, FR, HAC.

On 21 September 1952, at about 1800 hours, an unusual object, possibly a
saucer, flew at great speed over Casablanca. Shortly afterwards, about 15 telephone calls were received from local residents, and our Tangier correspondent

- 2 -

called to say that he had seen the object going from east to west at 1815 hours
(about 2-5 minutes before it flew over Casablanca!). Also, two observers in
the Herrix River valley were able to time the passage of the object with a
chronometer; it was then 1817 hours, and the object was coming from the direction of Rabat, traveling from east to west.

Some of the reports gave the following details about the object: luminous,
cigar-shaped, and giving off a silvery smoke trail; a luminous, whitish-green
globe ending in a long cone and flying about 700 feet up; the same as a plane
which flew by at the same time (outside of Casablanca); and a flaming, globeshaped mass trailing white smoke in puffs, as though puff followed an explosion on the object stopped about a moment and revolved on itself, emitting a
shower of sparks about its cone.

About 6,000 spectators at a boxing match in Casablanca saw the object
pass over the arena. In Louis Gentil, numerous persons saw it at 1818 hours,
flying from east to west. In Marrakech, it made its appearance for 5 seconds
at 1830 hours, when it was clearly seen by three persons who described it as
a meteor, again traveling from east to west.

- page 6 -

SECURITY DISTATCH

AF FORM 112--PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

[TO(s) (Action)] | REPORT NO. | PAGE | OF | PAGES
His USAFE, ATI Branch | A2I-220-52 | 3 | 3

Casablanca, 24 September 1952
Dr. L/Mo

Dear Sir:

In your letter addressed to the private astronomical observatory of my brother, you raised the question as to whether, within the scope of his observations, he had observed any phenomena like so-called "flying saucers". I take the liberty to answer your question as follows:

My brother died a few years ago and his astronomical observatory ceased to exist. I provide a number of aerial sightings that in a certain respect correspond to observations. However, these observations can, in no account, be considered as fully reliable. I have never observed phenomena similar to the above-mentioned ones, however, as mentioned before, my observations are not fully reliable.

It is correct that almost all reports on "flying saucers" come from the USA. However, some days ago, I found an included newspaper article according to which a "flying saucer" has been observed by many people on the coast of Morocco near Casablanca. I do not know whether you read this article and, therefore, I inclose it for your information.

Very truly yours,
/s/ [redacted]

Enclosure: "On Sunday evening, thousands of people observed a "flying saucer" emitting a metallic green light which was rushing at 11 nights-speed across the skies over Casablanca. It was visible for about an second. Eight minutes later, it was observed over Boulhaut which is 50 kilometers away from Casablanca."

[signature]
C. J. PEIRCE
Consultant
ATI Branch

- page 7 -

AF FORM 342—PART II
AIR INTEL 1-52 & PM

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

TO: USAF, ATI Branch                    ATI-2D3-52                    PAGE 2 OF 3 PAGES

LETTERS GIVING OBSERVATIONS OF UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

Dear From Arabian Astronomical Observatory, Rao. Stuttgart
Attn: Lusschardt Frasse 51 - Postal Checking Account, Stuttgart No. 221 07
(USA) Stuttgart W. 25 September 1952

Dear Sir:

In reply to your inquiry we inform you that heretofore we have not observed any "flying saucers" in this country. However, Basilea is negative laboration, we are able to collaborate on drifting with you and post lists on all original observations.

Only last summer, I received an excited telephone call in the middle of the night reporting an unfamiliar object rising on the eastern sky with increasing brightness and a remarkable change in color from red to white at a slowly visible altitude not very high above ground. The observer insisted on the position so it could be traced unmistakably. By an immediate check I identified the mysterious thing as the rising planet Jupiter. Its bright ness at such intensity in spite in its glide not being observable. However, the speed of this motion is overestimated particularly by the layman who believes that the celestial bodies are standing still or moving so slowly that one cannot discern any motion at all.

Another time, a great noise suddenly arose in front of the astronomical observa- tory a "flying saucer". We immediately looked out and saw a IILE of a luminous body flying along the southern horizon. It could immediately be identified through a former AA telescope; it was a glider in tow, the wings of which bore the words "Breguet - Frelette" in luminous letters.

The third time, it was an airliner flying at a relatively high altitude whose essentially weaker brightness was then ques- through the haze directly over the town, produced a spot somewhat weakened in color with a dirty red rim. Thus, we were able to clarify all reports given to us in a very sober manner and, based on these experiences, we are inclined to believe in significantly serious explanations for all of our manifold observations of all reports on flying saucers.

Hoping that this information will be of some use to you, we remain,

Yours truly,
[signature - illegible]
Stuttgart, [illegible], 1952

- page 8 -

