The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book record card, which is a document used to record UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 17 Oct 52
2. DATE-TIME GROUP 17/2315 Z
3. LOCATION KILLEEN TEX
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Radar
5. DURATION OF OBSERVATION 10
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 2 
7. ORIGIN OF SIGHTING Civilian men
8. COURSE OF OBJECTS Flew over city in a "duck-like" formation. Objects appeared to exhibit lights, disappeared by suddenly "going out". Observers are clergymen.
9. CONCLUSIONS Insufficient Data for Evaluation.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image in the provided document. The document appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

8. What direction were you facing when you first saw the object? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

8.1 What direction were you facing when the object disappeared? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above two questions. (8 and 8.1): a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No

10. How was the object seen? (Circle One): a. Through window glass b. Through windshield c. Through binoculars d. Through telescope e. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Cloudless b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One): a. No wind b. Slight breeze c. Strong wind d. Don't remember

11.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold b. Cool c. Warm d. Hot e. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out by an observer regarding their sighting of an unidentified aerial object.

SECTION G
12. Estimate how long you saw the object? ____ Hours ____ Minutes ____ Seconds
12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to question 12:
a. Certain b. Fairly sure c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent?
14. Did the object at any time:
14.1 Change direction? Yes No Don't know
14.2 Change speed? Yes No Don't know
14.3 Change size? Yes No Don't know
14.4 Change color? Yes No Don't know
14.5 Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
14.6 Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
14.7 Break into fragments? Yes No Don't know
14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't know
14.9 Remain motionless? Yes No Don't know
15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know
15.1 If you answered YES, what was the color of the light?
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
16.1 Sound _None__
16.2 Color ____
17. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ONLY ONE object was seen in this incident, and it traveled in one direction, put no error so show the direction they were traveling.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pea
f. Automobile
b. Baseball
g. Small airplane
c. Basketball
h. Large airplane
d. Bicycle wheel
i. Dirigible
e. Office desk
j. Other
19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19:
a. Certain
c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain
d. Uncertain
20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? _________ feet or _________ miles
20.2 How far was it from you? _________ feet or _________ miles
20.3 How fast was it going? _________ miles per hour.
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain
d. Just a guess
21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly b. Gradually c. Other d. Don't remember

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather diagrams and text related to a UFO sighting report. The text appears to be instructions for the observer to describe the sighting, including drawing a sketch of the object's motion.

Transcription of text from the document:

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye as the point shown. Place an "A" on the curves line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Please show where it was when you last saw it.
Overhead
Horizon
Your eye

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at the position where you last saw it. 
Overhead
Horizon  Horizon
  Your eye

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.
(Hand-drawn sketch of object's motion path)

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing instructions and questions related to an observed unidentified object.

SECTION E
26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this? Yes No
26.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?
None were seen previously, it appears.
27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
A low ceiling, (first thought)
28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME: - Last Name - First Name - Middle Name 
ADDRESS: Street - City - Zone - State
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
What is your present job?
Age:
Sex:
Last School Attended:
Year of last attendance at this school:

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a Project Blue Book UFO report, with a form-style layout containing questions and space for answers.

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No
29.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No 
29.2 Please list their names and addresses:

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important. Use additional sheets of the same size paper if necessary.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

Box 9586
Hq 1127th PAG (ATC)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
2 February 1953

Dr. Lincoln LaPaz
Institute of Meteorites
University of New Mexico
Albuquerque, New Mexico

Dear Sir:

During our discussion on 8 January 1953, you asked me to check the sightings for you, one on 17 October 1952 in the Albuquerque area and one on 22 November 1952 in the north central part of the United States. This has been done and I have found that there were no long distance traveling objects, just a bit.

The sighting on 17 October 1952 that at first appeared to be an object was actually determined to be weather balloons. It appeared bright and shiny but was determined to be weather balloons. We found that there was no correlation between time, or direction of the reported object, and the weather balloons that were released.

It appears that there were no permanent records of any radar tracks from Hutchinson, Kansas on 20 November 1952, at least none that I could find. It is still possible that something was tracked but it was not held to be of significant interest. Our files show no reports that could be due to interference and the object visually observed was a regular meteor.

Yours very truly,
EDWARD J. RUPPELT
Capt, USAF

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now extract all the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
21 OCT 52 12:
ACTION:
TO JEPUP/DIR OF INTELLIGENCE HQ USAF WASH 25 D C
JEPUP/CHIEF AIR TECHNICAL INTELL CENTER ATTN ATIA-IC
WRIGHT PATTERSON APB OHIO
INFO JEPUP/CHIEF EIGHT COUNSELWELL AFB TEX
JGFC/25ADIV IS CARSWELL AFB TEX
OPNS 1212 PD REUSE THIS KC OPNS 1221 AND COMPL
WITH PAR 7D AFL 225-3 CMA WILL BE UNABLE TO OBTAIN SIGNED NARRATIVE
STATEMENTS FM OBSERVERS PRIOR TO 21 OR 22 OCT 52 CMA DUE TO THEIR OUT
OF TOWN ENGAGEMENTS PD UPON THEIR RETURN CMA RPT WILL BE FORWARDED
22 FEB 53 Z OCT JEPUP
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report related to unidentified flying objects.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT: Reports of unidentified flying objects
PLACE: Killeen, Texas
DATE OF INFORMATION: 17 December 1952
SUMMARY: This report is a summary of information received concerning sightings of unidentified flying objects in the Killeen, Texas area. It notes that the information was obtained from witnesses and observers and that no technical analysis has been made. The report states that the sightings were of "a number of unidentified flying objects" and that they were observed at various times during the period. It also mentions that the observations were made by "reliable observers". However, the report does not provide any further details about the specific nature or characteristics of the observed objects.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO. 2 

FROM : (Location)
KILLEEN, TEXAS 

On 17 October 1952, at approximately 2215 CST on 17 October 1952, and 8 search of Killeen, Texas, and a recheck of approximately 1000 persons at that same field, it was impossible to find any trace or signs of objects being observed in the skies over that area. 

Numerous residents of the city of Killeen reported seeing groups of from 4 to 8 bright lights moving in the sky. These lights were observed to be at an altitude estimated as between 2,000 and 5,000 feet, and were moving in a generally southwest to northeast direction, at speeds estimated to be in excess of 600 mph. 

These objects, as they were described, appeared to be disc shaped and were observed by several reliable observers as they passed over the city of Killeen. No sound was heard, nor did they leave a contrail. There was no visible indication of the method of propulsion. 

A check with local authorities failed to reveal any corroborating observations. Nor did they have any knowledge of any aircraft flights or searchlights being used in the vicinity of the city at the time. 

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a document with text related to a report of unidentified flying objects near Killeen, Texas on October 17, 1952.

SECURITY INFORMATION
USA
Reports of Unidentified Flying Objects
Killeen, Texas
17 October 1952
GLANCE AT WEATHER Capt. D/Ops.
Initially reported by this Hq. TT No. OPNS 1201
and Sq. 13 approx. 1730 hrs. 17 October 1952
An Air Force plane on a routine training mission about 12 miles southwest of Killeen, Texas, vicinity of Blue Holes Lake, reported sighting bright lights maneuvering at high speeds over the area. The pilot, Capt. [redacted], and bombardier, [redacted], made the observation and reported it immediately to this headquarters. They stated the objects were very brilliant, moving at high speeds, and would disappear and reappear. The pilot made two passes on the objects, but they could not get a close visual or radar contact. The objects were observed for about 15 minutes. As they proceeded on their training mission, the objects appeared to follow them, maneuvering southeast. As they neared Killeen, the objects veered off to the southeast and disappeared from view.
A check with local authorities failed to reveal corroborating observations or sightings in the city at the time. However, there are no other indications of the method of propulsion or the objects were controlled from the ground as one might assume for an aircraft. The project has been notified and will conduct further investigation to determine the nature of the objects.

GILBERT C. MORGAN
Colonel, USAF
Director of Operations

1. Statement, [redacted] (7 copies)
2. Sketch, [redacted] (7 copies)
3. Weather type (7 copies)

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

SECURITY INFORMATION

LUKE'S AIR FORCE BASE SQUADRON
CREW 95 DETACHMENT, KILLEEN, TEXAS

COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICERS
The answers to the questions asked in paragraph 3 of these letters (Incl 1 & 2) would certainly indicate that they are very concerned in regard to these phenomena. The population of Killeen, Texas is well under 29,000 and it is estimated that the population of the Killeen area, including Fort Hood, is approximately 60,000 permanent personnel. The number of reports received at this station or at Fort Hood approximate 35,000 personnel.

CLARENCE A. BOGGS
Captain, USAF
Commanding

COMMENTS OF APPROVING OFFICER:
Due to lack of technical knowledge and experience in analysis of reports of this nature, this Headquarters is not qualified to properly evaluate the attached report.

THOMAS J. ROOERS
Lt Colonel, USAF
Commanding

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report describing a sighting of an unusual group of objects moving across the sky in Killeen, Texas on October 17, 1952. The text describes the formation of the objects, their movements, and the lack of sound or light from the objects.

On the evening of Friday, October 17, 1952 at approximately 10:15 P.M. the Reverend H--- and I were standing in the back yard of the Methodist Parsonage in the city of Killeen, Texas. As I glanced up into the sky I caught sight of a strange group of approximately ten round, not well defined, some blobs of light in a single and equidistant sequence moving across the sky at an angle of approximately 60 to 70 degrees with the earth. Light seemed to reflect from rather than emanate from the objects which were moving from north to south at a very rapid rate of speed, being in sight for only about five seconds in an arc of slightly more than 100 degrees. The formation of a single straight line was maintained for the entire interim; however, as the objects moved toward the south, the formation seemed to veer toward the south-east in what would give the impression of rough air, the size of the formation as well as the separate objects which constituted it seemed to diminish, giving the effect of distance. The impression of velocity was re-emphasized by the rather sudden fading of the entire phenomenon, the first impression as evidenced by my remark to Mr. Greenawalt. He stated that of a group of ducks in flight, however, movement was much too rapid.
The absence of any sound, and the apparent lack of light of sufficient strength from the city to reflect from the objects at such a height quickly discounted this thesis. The duck thesis, however, is valuable in determining the relativity as to distance, sequence, formation, size, and proximity of the phenomenon.
A few estimations, though only relative, and in complete ignorance of air speed, height, etc. are perhaps in order. The speed of the phenomenon would

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document with a "NARRATIVE OBSERVATION QUESTIONNAIRE" form. The form contains various questions related to the observation of unidentified objects, such as the date, time, location, and other details about the sighting.

TRANSCRIBED TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

NARRATIVE OBSERVATION QUESTIONNAIRE

SECTION A

1. When did you see the objects:
1.1 Date: 1 Oct 52
1.2 Time of day: 6:23 Hrs. Min. A.M. or (P.M.) (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

2. Where did you see the object? [Postal Address] [City or Town] [State] [Country]

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
3.1 (Circle One): a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane e. At sea f. Other

3.2 (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. In a rural area or small town? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Going,down side.on route.to work

17 day 0 month 1 year

Yes calling,

a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

Yes

- page 16 -

