PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 Apr 52

2. LOCATION
Hallingdal, Norway

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 2235
GMT: 20/2131

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual
□ Air-Visual □ Ground-Radar □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
3 civilians

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
25 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
(blank)

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Ball shape. Erratic -high speed - stop in mid air.

11. COMMENTS
(partially illegible handwritten text)

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52) noted at bottom of form)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

AF FORM 112 - PART 1
APPROVED 1 JUN 1948

Air Intelligence Information Report

COUNTRY: Norway
SUBJECT: "Flying Saucer" Observed in Hallingdal
DATE OF OBSERVATION: 25 June 1952
PLACE OF OBSERVATION: Hallingdal, Norway
REPORTED BY: Paul G. Buckey, Major, USAF
SOURCE: Norwegian Press, "Verdans Gang"
DATE OF INFORMATION: 7 June, 9 June, 14 June 52
FROM (Agency): Air Attache, Oslo, Norway

SUMMARY:
Forwarded herewith are complete translations, plus newspaper accounts and pictures of a recently reported unidentified flying object or aerial phenomena. Due to the distance from Oslo this office has been unable to check personally any further the story and has been unable to uncover any further information locally.

APPROVED:
PETER H. REMINGTON
Colonel, USAF
Air Attache

Handwritten notes:
- W.p. incl.
- Cited: 16
- 7/21/52

1. Newspaper Clippings

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.19

USAFE (Loss newspaper clippings)

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II                                      UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Air Attaché, Oslo, Norway                                 18-194-52                                    PAGE    2    OF    2    PAGES
                                                           Verdal, Trøn, 7 June 1952

"Flying Saucer" Observed in Hallingdal

1. Late in the evening on Easter Sunday this year, some reliable people were camping up in the hills of Norce, witnessing one of the most extraordinary phenomena ever observed in this country. A glowing ball which was seen from several controllable vantage points, performed forward and lateral maneuvers, and was very high above the valley, down at a level of perhaps 100 meters. It was a cloudless night, and the ball finally disappeared over the snow-covered mountain plateau, it looked no larger than a star, and changed color from white to yellow to reddish.

2. For more than half an hour adults were standing watching this phenomenon - at first somewhat bewildered and confused, they realized that they were actually witnessing a phenomenon, and then after a while, clearly all the movement.

3. Even though a certain statistician has been exercised in recent years in respect to all the reports of flying saucers and other obscure observations in the atmosphere, these latest reports must not color seriously all the reports in this country. They have been possible to observe this effect. Time, place, witnesses, and the possessions, and they do not try to conceal this fact that this was they really saw, and have no reasonable explanation of what they observed.

4. The three persons witnessing the phenomenon were 54-year old [redacted] and his daughter aged 16, they were at [redacted] on the opposite side of the valley. Along this hill ran the large electric power cables. From the hill they could see the whole country, but high from the rough country where no man can pick his way. It was just before twilight, and the sky appeared very clear.

5. The one who observed the events most closely was [redacted], who was home on Easter holidays, [redacted] in a weather-proof and level-headed man, who was present during the visualization occurrence at Voss, and those who know him relate this to be highly reliable.

6. [Redacted] related to the above paper the first noticed the ball of fire at 2355 hours on Easter Sunday. He was still indoors reading when his sister-in-law saw the "fire".

7. "Well", he said, "I thought it a bit odd that a fire should be burning out in the valley at this time of the night". Into this came the observation of this extraordinary thing happened: the "fire", or ball of fire, rather - all of a sudden appeared black, then blue, then yellow, then white, then red. It stood there as though it were a ball, possibly 10-15 meters in diameter. It stood there as though hurled to the background. For some moments it remained stationary, then possibly, more or less, moved somewhat. The whole time it was red like fire, sometimes dull, possibly strong moonlight, but for the most part of the time it looked like a ball.

8. The were now three persons standing watching the phenomenon, [redacted] concluded "and then my father went back into the house to fetch a small jar at a small cupboard, and then I went back very quietly. To an all too casual an observer it would have looked like a perfectly normal evening."

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS                               UNCLASSIFIED


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II                                                UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Air Nationale, Oslo, Norway                     IR-195-52             PAGE    3    OF    4    PAGES

through the binoculars it resembled the kind of ball used in sports for throwing, etc.

9. "It finally ascended above the hill at a great rate and then, after I had
been watching it for exactly 25 minutes, it shot off in a northwesterly direction at a
tremendous speed. The ball of fire could have been a large, light, somewhat elongated
ball to be illuminated as though by a strong searchlight. The light was turned a
couple of times, first to the west, then to the east. The ball of fire then set off
in an easterly direction, and appeared to stop once again, but was gone so long it
was no longer.

10. "The whole thing had made a great impression on me. I have studied physics
to some extent at high school, and it was my belief that it must be something
which controlled the ball. And the way it stopped dead in mid-air, contrary to all
laws of physics."

11. [Partially obscured text] Father states that at first he thought it was something
weird, with the electric power cables from the tall installations. "The ball of fire
at first appeared right above the earth, but when it came near, it was so big and
still in mid-air, I realized it must have something to do with these modern inventions."

12. The father heard his son's description of the ball's movements, its color, size
and descent in the air at great speed. It was obvious that it was some sort of a guided
object by remote controls. The odd thing was that there was no sort of a noise connected with it. Additionally, it was a fine, clear day, three kilometers over a plain, and the river runs fast down in the valley, but with this speed the ball was traveling, there ought to have been some sort of a roar, or drone. But none of us
found a sound of this kind."

13. The father bears out the story of his son, of the steady sighting of the
light. Particularly at the moment the ball disappeared, the mountain side was bathed in
light. It was very strange. It looked as though the entire mountain side was bathed in
electric light, from a projector which moved an entire direction.

14. "It was impossible to say about the dimensions of the ball," he continues, "due
to the distance and to the fact that the ball was radiating light the whole time."

15. [Name obscured] is also known as a very reliable person, who never makes many
words. It was typical of him that he had only mentioned what he had seen to his closest
relatives and extended wife. He can be very modest. He was in the underground forces
during the war, when he witnessed a number of strange occurrences.

16. Apparently there was no one else who witnessed this happening. It
took place probably late at night, and although [name obscured] was one of few
people out of doors.

17. Not far from this [name obscured] farm lies Torpomoen, a Home Defense camp. The G.O. of
the camp states that he had no report that his men had observed anything, and the phenomenon
that had observed, but as far as he knew no one else had witnessed it.
Captain [name obscured] was of the opinion that it was a very, and in his opinion there is no doubt
that the object must have been something like a flying camera.

17. Only a few officers remained in camp over Easter, and they were all indoors
that evening.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II                                        UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Headquarters, Oslo, Norway                                  1-198-52                                                  PAGE    1    OF    4    PAGES

cause having been observed, the paper has received a number of calls from people who think they are able to explain the phenomenon.

2. Several people are of the opinion that it must have been a ball of lightning which was observed, but this could not be confirmed by meteorologists and scientists. In whose opinion 12 was an easily explainable phenomenon, but the paper has received other calls where people were to exclude ball lightning. It is also most exceptional that a ball of lightning during a thunderstorm can be observed in clear weather, and in this case there was no thunderstorm in Hallingdal, and the object was too large in size, also, to have been a lightning ball.

3. It has been gleaned that the occurrence might to caused by disturbance of the local magnetic field, but no meteorologists or other scientists seem to agree that this is one of the questions. And this has been the case, where could have been a small tornado.

Jordbru, Grue, 14 June 1952

1st Flying Saucer in Hallingdal:

1. Confronted with a question of what is the attitude of the Norwegian Air Force to the reports of the flying saucer observed in Hallingdal this year, the Chief of Staff at the RNAF Headquarters, Colonel Peder Johnson stated:

2. It is obvious that remarkable care with the Air Force was need to take this report in regard to flying saucer, flying, nature, etc. However, one cannot dismiss such reports as purely optical illusions.

3. It transpires that a similar phenomenon has been observed during the last three years where people have seen Act. Mars a reliable person declares that the person in question just before Christmas of last year, and others that he was the first person in question. It occurred such time late at night, between about 2150 and 2350 hours, in was quite a detailed account. According to the man who saw the ball, the ball was about 500 meters, the ball moved perfectly still to mid-strip, then shot off to the side at great speed. And according to the man's statement, a number of persons in the neighborhood. The ball this whole time emitted a very strong light, and according to the man's statement, the ball came through a gate of birch trees, but the light was too strong to allow it to be distinguished. The ball continued its course, and according to the man's statement, disappeared in the same direction behind a hill.

Opinion of the Preparing Officer:

The location of the village of Norgo is 60 30' N and 06 25' E. It is on the Oslo-Bergen Rd and is in the Hallingdal valley, Buskerud county. This office has no way to check the veracity or dependability of the observer but has been provided by the RNAF to a forward on any such inquiry.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR E2010.10                                            PAUL C. BERRY
                                                             Major, USAF
                                                             Assistant AG


- page 5 -

