The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document that appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book files. The document provides details about an unidentified aerial observation that occurred in Melbourne, Australia.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 2. LOCATION
May 52 Melbourne, Australia
3. DATE-TIME GROUP 4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Local 09:30 Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS 6. SOURCE
 Yes Varied
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
00.10-00.13 1
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Large object with a vapor trail traveled at a high rate of speed from N to SW.
11. COMMENTS
It is believed that either some type of Australian missile was observed. The altitude of the object was estimated at 50,000 ft but it is believed that object was at a much higher altitude reflecting the rays of the sun.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Australia
FLYOVER*T
Melbourne, Australia 
29 Jul 52
CAPT. A. UHRICH, 1st Col, USAF

Air Attache, Australia
F-8
As indicated in report

I enclosed herewith a copy of a report of unusual sighting observed near Melbourne, Australia.

This report is an extract from a file maintained by RAAF Intelligence and was made available to this office in answer to a request. The existence of this file was under former to this office and was obtained through discussions with RAAF Intelligence.

Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATIC, ATIA-2C, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photographs, only a scanned document from the Project Blue Book archive. I will proceed to extract the text from the document:

AIR ATTACHE, AUSTRALIA
IR-504-53
COPY 2

ROYAL AUSTRALIAN AIR FORCE
Headquarters Southern Area
RAAF ALBERT PARK BARRACKS
MELBOURNE

13th May, 1952

CONFIDENTIAL
Secretary
AIR FORCE ASSOCIATION (D.A.F.I., ALTORNEY-GEN'S LI.)

ABNORMAL AERIAL PHENOMENA

Submitted herewith are details of aerial phenomena phoned to Headquarters Southern Area, by Southern Command Intelligence Officer.

Sighted: By Mr. [REDACTED]
A.T. 0545 3rd May, 1952, in KING North Telson & a bullet-nosed object travelling 
at high speed and leaving a vapour trail.

Colour: Like a white hot metal.
Speed: Faster than anything seen before.
Altitude: Approximately 5,000 feet.
Size: Approximately same length as "Flying Fortress" but much wider.
Description: Cigar-shaped to long.
Visibility: About half light and cloudy with a slight break of about five miles of clear sky.

(Signed) Squadron Leader
AIR FORCE INTELLIGENCE COMMAND

COPY

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old classified document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

AUSTRALIA

FLIGHT REPORT
TO: P.O. Box 6S 
Brisbane 4, Queensland,
Australia

SUBJECT: Air Attache, Australia
P-6

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED
DOD DIR 5200.10

Colonel, USAF 
Air Attache

1/A

CHAPS, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTIC ATIC-82, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

UNCLASSIFIED 
SECURITY INFORMATION

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Security Information
UNCLASSIFIED
Air Attache, Australia
IR-205-33 
Copy
From: Flight Lieutenant LEONARD JOHN MURRAY (011380) Area Intelligence Officer and Squadron 
To: Senior Air Staff Officer, Headquarters, Eastern RAAF.
Date: 8th May, 1952.
Ref: S/1/37.

REPORT ON UNUSUAL SIGHTINGS ON 8TH MAY, 1952

1. It is desired to advise that on 6th May, 1952, the Commander T. L. CAMPBELL (RAAF) jointly investigated newspaper reports of "unusual sightings" on 6th May, 1952.

2. The witness said he saw a bright light in the sky which appeared to be stationary, or circling very slowly, and after a while the light disappeared. He said it appeared to move away from him and the light seemed to go out. On another occasion he said he suddenly saw a bright light moving across the sky. He said it seemed to be moving very fast and disappeared behind clouds. He said the whole episode lasted from 5 to 10 minutes and he did not hear any sound.

3. When asked to describe the objects, he said "it looked like a luminous object, similar to a shooting star, but seemed much larger and brighter than a normal shooting star". The witness was emphatic that the object was unlike a meteor or shooting star. He said it was more like an aircraft with no apparent wings or tail, and trailed a long bright "exhaust" which appeared to flare up at times. The witness said "there was no doubt that it was a solid object and not just a light". The object appeared to hover for a while and then move off at high speed.

4. In reference to the first sighting, the witness stated "as the object moved away from me, the light seemed to go out and not merely disappear over the horizon". He added "I have been about 900 miles per hour and I know what a fast aircraft looks like, but this was completely different to anything I have ever seen before".

5.O.A.P.P. Officer who is now an Aircraft Captain
COPY

- page 5 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report from Project Blue Book, likely related to a UFO sighting in Melbourne, Australia.

Text extracted from the document:

Air Attach, Australia
IP-203-53
UNCLASSIFIED

Employed by East-West Airlines, was travelling and he said "At about 0210 hours on May 4th, I was in a taxi with my driver on the Nepean Highway, and the driver spotted an unusual object in the sky over-head". The object appeared to be travelling at a high speed and was reported to be at an altitude of 1,000 to 2,000 feet. It was dark in colour and seemed to have a phosphorescent glow around it. The object travelled rapidly, heading in a south-easterly direction. It lasted in view for about a minute.

Mr. - came in as an eye-witness, a Mr. Lancaster, the pilot who is now a regular captain with Trans-Australia Airlines. He said that he and his crew, comprising 5 persons, travelling southb in a Dakotatransport aircraft, sighted the same object independently at about the same time as the taxi-driver saw it. He said that it was pear-shaped, dark in colour and that it left a trail as it moved across the sky. It then appeared to change direction and to accelerate as it headed in a south-easterly direction.

"At approximately 0215 hours, I noticed a bright object in the sky on my right. It appeared to be travelling at a high rate of speed and seemed to be at an altitude of between 1,000 and 2,000 feet. The object was dark in colour, but appeared to have a phosphorescent glow around it. It seemed to be travelling in a south-easterly direction and lasted in view for approximately 30 to 45 seconds. After it disappeared, I again noticed a light in the sky travelling across my field of vision, but at a much lower altitude".

So two independent eye-witnesses were sighting the same unusual object at approximately the same time. The pilot's report would seem to confirm and substantiate the taxi-driver's account.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

AIR ATTACH? AUSTRALIA 

IR - 30 0 - 53

UNCLASSIFIED

30. Mr. , Operations Inspector, Civil Aviation Branch, Department of Civil Aviation, interviewed , a flying instructor of the Glenroy Aero Club, who stated that on 30 th May, 1952, whilst flying a Auster aircraft at an altitude of 1,000 feet about 10 miles south south-east of Melbourne, he observed a bright, unidentified object at an estimated height of 6,000 feet. The object was observed for about 15 seconds and then disappeared. The sighting was communicated to the Melbourne Flight Service but no other aircraft were observed at the time.

31. Mr. , Flying Instructor of the Air Force Operational Training Unit, said whilst he was carrying out night flying over Melbourne on the 29th May, 1952, at an altitude of 2,000 feet, he observed a strange object to the north-west of his aircraft. He said the object appeared to be travelling at a very high speed at an altitude of approximately 5,000 feet. The object then turned to the north-east and disappeared. This sighting was also reported to the Melbourne Flight Service.

32. (DELETED) said that on the evening of the 2nd July, 1952, he and his wife were taking a stroll in the Yarraville area when they observed an object travelling in a westerly direction at a high rate of speed. The object was described as being approximately 30 feet in diameter, yellow in colour and travelling in a straight line. The object was observed for a period of 15 seconds and then disappeared from view. The observer stated that it was definitely not a meteor, aircraft or any other known object.

13. My informant Mr. (DELETED) said "I was riding a motor cycle down a country road at about 8.30 p.m. when I observed a blue-white light between the trees. It appeared to be stationary and I stopped to observe it. The light suddenly moved very rapidly along the tree tops, making a noise like a swarm of bees, and then disappeared. I estimated the length of the object to be about 30 feet and it gave the appearance of travelling at an extremely high speed."

14. Messrs. (DELETED) stated "We were walking in the Melbourne Botanical Gardens on the 25th June, 1952, when we observed a strange flying object in the sky. It appeared to be circular in shape, silver in colour and was travelling in a north-easterly direction at a high rate of speed. The object was observed for about 20 seconds and then disappeared from view."

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 7 -

There is no photograph included in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document related to an unidentified flying object sighting in Melbourne, Australia.

AIR ATTACHE, AUSTRALIA 
IR-20N-33 6-15-52 UNCLASSIFIED

15 minutes were yellow and flickering. I watched the object for approximately 25 seconds. It was a small light, irregularly shaped behind a large thunder-head cloud. The sky was generally clear. Just as I was watching, I thought the object was a jet aircraft approximately over 10,000 feet. It seemed to be moving rapidly for that height. However, at one stage, I noticed that it stopped moving for approximately 25 seconds. It then started to move again and disappeared behind the cloud. 

This was the second sighting I had made. The first was on 13th May when I had noticed an object standing on the horizon for a few seconds. I looked at it again, but it had disappeared. 

Sightings said to have been made on 3rd May for a duration of approximately 300 to 400 feet. It finally disappeared behind a cloud.

On 1st May, a bright object was seen travelling at a high rate of speed from south to north over the northeast corner of Australia. It was observed for approximately 15 to 20 seconds. Colour: I estimate it would be about 200 yards long and could be the size of a small airliner. It then disappeared from view behind the cloud cover. It was sighted by a number of people.

COPY UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

This document appears to be an old UFO report from Project Blue Book, but it does not contain any photographs. The text is primarily a summary of sightings and opinions regarding unidentified flying objects observed in the Melbourne, Australia area.

Here is the text from the document:

Air Attache, Australia
TR-305-55
UNCLASSIFIED

Where an impression of distance has been formed in most cases the observer was observing an object at fairly high altitude. The impression of distance has been made by the observers by comparison with known objects of similar size and shape at a distance over a much longer length of time the light was seen. 

The following opinions are recorded:
a. The sighting was of a light, not of an object. 
b. From the weather conditions, it is considered that the light may have been a meteor.
c. In regard to the above opinions, although several reports stated that an object was observed that appeared to be solid, the consensus of opinion is that the appearances were those of lights rather than solid objects.

In support of the meteor theory many observers gave the impression as the light appeared to them to be similar in nature to a meteor. On the other hand, the opinion is expressed that the light did not behave like a meteor.

It is recommended that any future investigations as a result of newspaper reports to be conducted as follows:
a. Copies of all leading State and Interstate daily newspapers be obtained covering the period of the reports.
b. The Commonwealth meteorologists be consulted for an opinion as to reports and sightings made by official observers.
c. Interviews be undertaken if deemed necessary.

Attached are copies of various reports which appeared in SYDNEY newspapers.

(Signature)
Squadron Leader
Assistant Provost Marshal

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 9 -

