The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10673 record card with various fields filled out, such as location, type of observation, date, and a brief summary of the sighting. The text visible in the record card is as follows:

PROJECT 10673 RECORD CARD
LOCATION: Redding, California
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Motion
DATE: 7-8
SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Witness states traveling in a southerly direction at 8:00 p.m. when a light which appeared to be from a source on the ground was seen by a resident in Redding.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a project blue book report, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

TENTATIVE OBSERVING QUESTIONNAIRE -- $49.50
SECTION A
1. When did you see the object:
   1.1 Date: 5-7 Month: 5 Year: 1952
   1.2 Time of day: 5:35 Hrs. Min. (Circle One)
   1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
      a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
      (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
   1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2:
      a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
2. Where did you see the object? Redding, Calif.
3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
   (Circle One): a. Inside a building b. Out-of-doors
                 c. In an airplane d. Other
3.1 Were you: (Circle One):
      a. In the business section of a city?
      b. In the residential section of a city?
      c. (In open countryside?)
      d. Flying near an airport?
      e. Flying over a city?
      f. Flying over open country?
      g. Other

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

4. How did you happen to notice the object? Came across it at Redding airport while going to work. Saw it on the ground, shortly after sunrise.

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day      Month      Year
22      9        1952

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? Working at the airport.
6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Try to list the activity or activities, and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
Arriving to work, checking in, walking to the hangar area - approximately 15-20 minutes.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes or (No)
IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions.
7.1 What direction were you moving? 
(Circle One): a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
7.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One): Yes or No

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. What direction were you facing when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

8.1 What direction were you facing when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above two questions. (8 and 8.1):
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
(Yes) or No

10. How was the object seen?
(Circle One): a. Through window glass b. Through windshield c. Through binoculars d. Through telescope e. Through theodolite f. Through gun sights g. Through open space h. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. (Clear) b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds e. Don't remember

11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. (Dry) b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold b. Cool c. Warm d. Hot e. Don't remember

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with a series of questions and answers related to a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

SECTION G

12. Estimate how long you saw the object? Hours Minutes 10 Seconds

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
a. Certain
b. Fairly sure
c. Not very sure
d. (Just a guess)

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent?

14. Did the object at any time:
(Circle One for each question)
14.1 Change direction? Yes No Don't know
14.2 Change altitude? Yes No Don't know
14.3 Change color? Yes No Don't know
14.4 Change size? Yes No Don't know
14.5 Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
14.6 Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
14.7 Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
14.8 Flicker or pulsate? Yes No Don't know
14.9 Remain motionless? Yes No Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know

15.1 If you answered YES, what was the color of the light? whitish

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
16.1 Sound ___ very faint circular motion ____________
16.2 Color __ whitish or silvery _________________

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? (Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.)
(There is a hand-drawn sketch with multiple objects and an arrow indicating their direction of travel)

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a project blue book document containing a questionnaire or survey about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Transcribed text from the document:

Page 5

18. Did the object at any time:
   18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

   18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

   18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
   Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
   a. Pea
   b. Baseball
   c. Basketball
   d. Bicycle wheel
   e. Office desk

   19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19:
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
   20.1 How high above the earth was it? 2,000 feet
   20.2 How far was it from you? 3/4 mile or 1.2 miles
   20.3 How fast was it going? 50 miles per hour
   20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
   (Circle One): a. Suddenly
                b. Gradually
                c. Other
                d. Don't remember

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather contains diagrams and text instructing the reader to draw sketches based on the information provided.

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing a questionnaire or survey.

Text extracted from the document:

SECTION B

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this? (Circle One): Yes

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion that do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

No opinions

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
What is your present job? 
Age: 
Sex:
Last School Attended: High School
Year of last attendance at this school:

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As an OCR system, I will produce the following text found in the document:

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No
29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No
29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper if necessary.
It is impossible to state definitely what the object was which was observed. From descriptions of it and the manner in which it moved it does not appear to have been a normal aircraft, no exhaust or engines were seen, and there was no sound. The object appeared to be traveling at a very high rate of speed and its motion was without any comparison to that of conventional aircraft. I would hesitate to state that it was an "unidentified flying object" but in any case, the object observed could not be identified as any known type of aircraft.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report with text describing a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

XPBI36 
DFEL 172 
IR JEDLIP JEPC 222 
DE 271GLS32
TO CG 25TH ADD HAMILTON AFB CALIF
TO JPFIL/ CG WDET HAMILTON AFB CALIF
JEDENY CC ENT AFB COLORADO SPRINGS COLO 
JENJPY CG WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB DAYTON OHIO ATIA22C
JEPlQ/ CC HQ USAF WASHINGTON 25 D C
INTELLIGENCE 25TH OID H-6-17 FLYGERT ATTN DIRECTOR OF
(1) SEVEN OR EIGHT OBJECTS TRAVELING IN A STRAIGHT LINE AT A VERY
FAST SPEED. NO SOUND.
(2) TIME SIGHTED NOT REPORTED. REPORT RECEIVED THIS OFFICE #62BDFT,
9 AUG. 1952. OBJECT OBSERVED 15 MINUTES.
(3) VISUALLY FROM GROUND.
(4) OBSERVED AT REDDING, CALIFORNIA AIRPORT (NL 3539). OBJECT
SIGHTED AT NL 3539 AT VERY HIGH ALTITUDE.
(5) REDDING, CALIFORNIA.
- REDDING, CALIF.
(6) CLEAR
(7) NONE
(8) NONE
(9) NONE
(10) NONE REPORTED
39/1785Z AUG JPPIL

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document titled "TENTATIVE OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE" which contains a form with questions about the observation of an unidentified object.

SECTION A
1. When did you see the object?
1.1 Date: 8-5-52
1.2 Time of Day: 5:15 A.M. (A.M. or P.M. (circle one))
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object? Redding, California

Additional Remarks: Should receive a drawing in mail.

3. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors

3.1 Were you: (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. On open countryside? d. On a farm or field? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

4. How did you happen to notice the object? With one glance at the side of the road. It called my attention. 

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? Day 15 month April year 1952

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? Watching the sky.

6-1. What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount of time spent on each. I was at the camp - most of the time.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One): YES or NO

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7-1. What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North b. South c. East d. Southeast
7-2. How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
7-3. Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes or No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast h. Northwest just slightly

SECTION B

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question and preceding question (8 and 8.1):
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No
10. How was the object seen? (Circle One): a. Through an open window b. Through windshield c. Through binoculars d. Through telescope e. Through theodolite f. Through sunglasses g. Through open space h. Other 
11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy/scattered clouds c. Partial or heavy cloud cover d. Thick or heavy clouds e. Don't remember
11.2 WIND (Circle One): a. No wind b. Calm breeze c. Strong wind d. Don't remember
11.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember
11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold b. Cool c. Warm d. Hot e. Don't remember
12. Estimate how long you saw the object? Hours Minutes Seconds

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

12:1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to question 12:
a. Certain
b. Fairly sure
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent

14. Did the object at any time:
14.1 Change direction? (Circle One for each question)
14.2 Change speed?
14.3 Change size?
14.4 Change color?
14.5 Break up into parts or explode?
14.6 Give off smoke?
14.7 Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
14.8 Remain motionless?

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know

15.1 If you answered YES, what was the color of the light?

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
16.1 Sound _____NOISE______
16.2 Color _white - lit up down stems or contrails_ 

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _2_

Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the direction they were travelling.

18. Did the object at any time: It was moving fast.
18.1 Leave behind something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what it left behind. 
Behind a rounded light at night - behind corner of building we noticed a glow for quite a while after object

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image appears to be a scanned page from a questionnaire or form related to a UFO sighting.

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pea
b. Baseball 
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk
f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other
19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to question 19:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure 
d. Uncertain
20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? _____feet or _____miles.
20.2 How far was it from you? _____feet or _____miles.
20.3 How fast was it going? _____
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess
21. How did the object disappear from view? (Circle One):
a. Suddenly 
b. Gradually
c. Other
d. Don't remember
SECTION D
22. In the following sketch, show how high the object was above the horizon (the line where the sky and ground seem to meet). Place an "X" to show where it was when you last saw it. Overhead

- page 15 -

The image contains a sketch showing an overhead view with a horizon line and the viewer's position marked as "You". There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

Page 6

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead
  |        |  
Horizon   You   Horizon

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

[Sketch of an object moving from point A to point B]

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

It was like a circular tail of a ship, moving in a straight line. There were 2 or 3 small luminous discs attached near the bottom, following it's course. I wouldn't say it was a star, because of it's speed and direction. It seemed to be affected by the wind, swinging from side to side. To me it was altogether different from anything I have ever seen in the sky before.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

SECTION E
26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes or No
26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones? [Redacted]
27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? I have no idea what they were.
28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
LAST Name [Redacted]
FIRST Name [Redacted]
MIDDLE Name [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
What is your present job? [Redacted]
Age 41
Sex Female
29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No
29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No
29.2 Please list their names and addresses: [Redacted]
Redding, Cal.

- page 17 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph, only handwritten text. I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and extract the text from the document.

Mrs. Lolo called me that she didnt make a report for the first time that passed. It was seen by first, since I was going worth. It was seen by twelve minutes before 8,30 it woundled about it, but met repport it. Then at 9,06 it came at intervall and one saw the second time one came it disappeared. We appeared the same place and disappeared . They are followed the same course in my opinion.

- page 18 -

