The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with the text "STAFF STUDY - 1952 (SAUCER)" at the top and the text "UNCLASSIFIED" stamped across the center of the page.

STAFF STUDY - 1952 (SAUCER)
7-3745 - 3 82
1003824
RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASI/ASHAF/A)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document reads:

In order to accomplish the above it will be necessary for the Air Force to make a PIO release similar to "White Paper". In addition to explaining the Air Force policy (and proposed plan) for investigating future UAO observations, this paper should note that valuable scientific data will become available as a result of the proposed plan for implementing the collection thereof by use of instruments. It should be pointed out that only such data that is of military nature will be classified, whereas fully scientific data will be released to the scientists cooperating on the project and will be valuable to them in their studies. 

As in the collection activities, so in the analyses operations it is planned to hold costs to a minimum by the employment of existing military and public agencies to a maximum. For this reason conferences have already been held with MATS to work out arrangements whereby the Balloon Screening activities will be monitored by the Air Weather Service and Aircraft Screening will be monitored by Flight Service.

The speakers who follow me will explain the technical details of the instrumentation plan.

Thank You.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing observations or details related to a UFO sighting or report.

Observations and details from the handwritten document:

Dr. Rt have again. Right & observable. Seen periodically to years. 20 Jan. 1952 rush of total brilliance. Made by Heinig return. Well - Result. Attempt to gallon increase - no explodible, apparent Planch Venus - searchlight - meteor - elliptical etc Appeared stationary or erratic on rate of evaluation, show of brilliance - 
- Sense the brilliance indicated - months diminishing made - no flight of explosion - records proved to remain - fracture sinus 
- Latest method to advance info - feasible
not confined into visibility & clear day. Matter sent annual. 15. Dir. Walter Prision. Flight above & astronomical way Great Some sides igniting into loose lightning on shin pony
observation committee was active. Others emit moment members or Uranides fields - more explanen are

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

FLIGHT RESEARCH LABORATORY NORTH

Suggested Sighting Station for Observation of Flying Saucers, Fireballs, Meteors, and other Atmospheric Phenomena.

CRITERIA:

1. The Sighting Station is cheap, transportable, easily maintained and easily operated.

2. The Sighting Station shall gather information from which can be determined:
a. Position
√ b. Velocity
√ c. Altitude
d. Size
√ e. Spectral Emission

It is proposed to build the Sighting Station component wise as follows:

a. A light gathering and focusing source is a six inch Schmidt System f 12 with a 1800 field fully corrected. (This system has only been available about three months based upon the results of a Flight Research Laboratory research project with Dr. James Baker of Harvard.)

b. The film travel and loading mechanism to be taken from standard Air Force 35mm cameras and adapted for spring operation. Five inch strip film would be suitable.

c. The Sighting Station box would be fabricated as desired.

d. A grating capable of being rotated by a spring drive would be placed at the focal plane. This would give the spectral characteristics of the body.

e. A shutter capable of being driven by a spring drive would be incorporated to give timing marks on any film tracks.

and rotated by a spring drive to eliminate the streaks on the photographic film.

DISCUSSION:
Present Air Force film travel and loading mechanism for five inch film are available in quantity and have a storage capacity which can allow for an exposure every 10-15 minutes for a twenty-four period. It should be mentioned that ordinary film can be exposed for at least two hours at night time without excessive fogging.

- page 4 -

The image contains a photograph depicting two round objects in the sky. The text in the document describes a proposed Schmidt system and its use in a sighting station to study unidentified flying objects. It mentions details about the equipment, cost, and operation of the sighting station. The text appears to be an excerpt from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

The proposed Schmidt System is so completely color corrected that an accurate photograph is a permanent focus. The rotation of the grating is introduced to prevent the unfortunate case where the travel of the object would be at some point of the travel the object appears would be at right angles to the direction of travel. It shutters are related.

The introduction of time by the shutter is all that is necessary during any one exposure. The objects about it the following manner and when fully understood it will be appreciated that the shutters introduced here will simplify the operations considerable. The shutters every 10 or 15 minutes is sufficient within this period. The velocity will be determined by the shutter cutting the track of a constant must travel. If a distance and absolute change of an object are to be determined the object must be seen by at least two sighting stations. This gives the well known triangulation or analysis. The track in space against a stellar background is given in both plates for the two sightings. The velocity however, is only one axis from this comes the position. Thus time is determined. The direction and distance location from this comes the absolute position; from this comes the absolute size of the object. The velocity and spectral analysis are made from the data other date.

The equatorial mount and its spring drive are old friends in the astronomical observatory business. The drive to eliminate star travel for periods of 10-12 minutes merely quite stand by for present standards.

The use of springs to drive the mechanisms as indicated previously are perfectly feasible. Springs hive been suggested to increase the independence of the sighting station from electrical power connections.

The estimated cost of the Sighting Station in lots of 100 would be about $3000 apiece.

JOHN E. CLEMENS 
Chief, Physics Research Branch
Flight Research Laboratory
Research Division

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to contain handwritten text that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text:

- VATS Flying service -
- Weather Bureau
- Air weather services
- Rand -

Minimum data:
@ Add personnel
@ Confirm action
@ Release rigid art & release to PIO
@ Send monthly rept. immediately
@ See stark questionnaire
@ assign higher rank offer
@ Make definite analysis with
VATS FLYING SERVICE
Weather Bureau
Air Weather Services
Rand.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document containing text in a language that looks like Hebrew or a similar script.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will attempt to transcribe the text in the document:

מ11.11.24 (טופסורי) צופר רוץ פתאום לא פנוי
לדעת את משמעותס
חוזר לזן רדיומרון
(סממרחן רחב) ארבע רכבות יחד
נטפך מהם חייבים לשלוח תחנת שמיעה נגד עליות
מהחלקה קדמית יושן (שיפור מוצלח) - מרחק התנועה ולהפסיק
מעריזים בשפת ולנעשו עוד הפעם בעמיד כמק
עתה מונים והסרתם את ההצבה מהניחו
סרת מושך * ישלב חופש אל הלו >עפןך
תכם לשים (אחרות) ערכנוה לקרן שלו
פ התפס ם מליב כמ

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document page from what seems to be a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Mr. Gritz Zwicky
Prof, of Astrophysics (Retired) - Ct. - headne
Date: 1-6-52

On the place of the incident the witnesses agree that the object flew over rather rapidly and rather low, but the essential details agreed on by the witnesses of the active observation on that evening are as follows:

The text of the handwritten document is as follows:

Mr. Gritz Zwicky
Prof. of Astrophysics (Retired) - Ct. - headne
Date: 1-6-52

On the place of the incident the witnesses agree that the object flew over rather rapidly and rather low, but the essential details agreed on by the witnesses of the active observation on that evening are as follows:

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten list of what appear to be names or words. The list is divided into two columns, with the left column containing names and the right column containing symbols or markings next to each name.

Van allen
Marsden
Gaul
Richardson
Hulkvist
Drority
Bruicky
Davidson
Malpiss
Cambell
Lenger

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text from an old Project Blue Book document. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON, OHIO

Colonel Edward H. Porter
Deputy Director for Estimates
Directorate of Intelligence
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Colonel Porter:

Your letter of the 5th is acknowledged. We are glad to obtain your general concurrence with our recommendations. These appear to be three possible methods of handling the situation, one of which (Proposal I) is at present utilized.

PROPOSAL I. (ATIC alone)
a. Project Blue Book would be handled by ATIC alone. There would be no complicated outside help.
b. ATIC would receive all reports, consider and aggregate them into two categories: (1) normal and (2) unusual for a numbered folder, action.
c. ATIC would make a preliminary analysis for each "ATIC action" case. 
d. ATIC would prepare and furnish ATIC-2 with a flash report, an interim report, and a numbered final report on each "ATIC action" sighting.

PROPOSAL II. (ATIC plus Contract Technical Group plus Advisory Committee)
a. High Level Advisory Committee
1. Would not exceed three people
2. Would act as counselor to ATIC
3. Chairman would act as spokesman on Blue Book matters for USAF activities

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

The text on the page is as follows:

Colonel Edward H. Porter
2 July 1952

NOTE: Suggested names might include: General Doolittle; Dr. Gregory; a member of the scientific advisory board; others. They would be selected and appointed by ATIC.

a. Contractor Technical Group
1. Contractor would set up technical group of scientific personnel (not exceeding three persons) to whom data on all sightings would be furnished in a numbered folder for immediate consideration.
2. Group would, when necessary, conduct interrogations.
3. Group would make continuing analyses of all incoming data to determine category into which phenomena could fall.
4. Group would return to ATIC completed action numbered folders on all sightings.
5. Contractor would make available to the technical group members of his scientific staff as consultants in various fields (including psychology) for example.

NOTE: Suggested names of contractors might include: Rand Corporation; Battelle Memorial Institute; H.H. Wilson, ?

c. ATIC Monitoring Activity
1. ATIC would continue to monitor all phases as at present.
2. ATIC would be responsible for case files and staging of all sightings (one additional PIC file per incident).
3. ATIC would furnish the contractor technical group all data on sightings as they were received.
4. ATIC would plan the procedure to be followed and take necessary operational steps.
5. ATIC would investigate all sightings reports and prepare a folder in duplicate (1 copy for ATIC files and 1 copy for contractor technical group).
6. ATIC would furnish the high level advisory group with bi-monthly progress summary reports based on the completed action numbered folders.

NOTE: Direct communication with the contractor technical group would be desired near or in ATIC.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image appears to be a typed text document.

1. In the spring of 1952 it became evident that the number of unidentified aerial objects, could not possibly handle all the vast number of reports from volunteer observers. After several conferences of the Center to the Chief of the Center submitted by letter to the D/I a plan to increase the scope of operations. On 5 June, the Deputy Director for Estimates replied to ATIC's proposal stating, in part:

"It is generally agreed that some expansion of effort is called for at this time. An additional group of technical specialists would be excellent for the purpose of providing guidance to the working level, and as close liason with the public is to be improved further ATIC effort by utilizing the contractor to attempt to resolve the responssibilities."

2. On receipt of this directive, ATIC began consideration of plans to implement it. Dr. Von Karman was invited to assist, and designated Dr. Joseph Kaplan as his representative. These plans were presented to Dr. Kaplan on his arrival at ATIC ten days ago. Following this, ATIC conferred with other private and Air Force agencies whose collaboration is needed. The advice of these experts, and recognition of the problem of coping with the recent very large increase in voluntary reports of sightings, enable us to present to you at this time a workable plan for future operations.

3. I would like to preface this plan with a brief reference to ATIC intelligence procedures. The mission of our Center is to prevent technological surprise by air. Our interest in UAC's is based on the fact that they can be of foreign origin. We must then determine identifying their characteristics and performance.

When we encounter identifiable aerial objects, for example, how types of foreign aircraft missiles, we attempt to obtain their configuration, performance, characteristics by measuring and recording devices, if possible, especially if we cannot get close enough to inspect/penetrate in detail. Reliable data is essential.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing a project called "Project Blue Book" and the responsibilities of a contractor handling the project.

TRANSCRIPT:

Colonel Edward R. Porter
2 July 1952

PROPOSAL III. (ATIC plus Contractor)

a. Contractor handling of Projects
1. Contractor would be given complete monitoring, planning, handling and assessing of Project Blue Book under the overall supervision of ATIC who would act as AC (Approving Officials).
2. There would be two handling categories: "ACTIVE" and "INACTIVE". The ACTIVE" part ("Project Blue Book") would be constant and continuous. The second ("INACTIVE") would be filed at ATIC for reference.
3. Contractor would conduct all interrogations and would necessarily have to be in a position to operate with agencies in the Department of Defense since some needed information has to be obtained from the staff.
4. (a) Flash report based on available information, with a rapid assessment. (This would be regarded within 24 hours or receipt of the "ACTIVE" folder or telephone information of the contents of this "ACTIVE" folder.)
(b) Interim report
(c) Completed action report

5. Contractor would furnish ATIC with semi-annual reports on the handling of these Project Blue Book cases during the period with individual action, conclusions and recommendations on causes (lenses, balloons, aircraft, mirage, etc., unknown).

b. ATIC Responsibility
1. ATIC would be responsible for all press releases and would not as a spokesman for the contractor, but would furnish information to the contractor for press releases or briefing action.

- page 13 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old report document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, containing textual information.

Colonel Edward H. Porter
It is considered that of the three possible methods outlined above, PROPOSAL II would yield the best results. This proposal leaves the remaining personnel of Project UPS (for Project Unidentified Phenomena Studies) in this Center, but is recommended as it provides both the authoritativeness of a high level spokesman and the technical qualifications (in all scientific fields) for adequate fulfillment of the contractual requirements. It is proposed, if no objections arise, to submit this proposal for consideration.

Sincerely,
JOHN E. CANN
Colonel, USAF

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s. The document outlines proposals for handling the UFO situation, including having the Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC) alone handle Project Blue Book and receive all reports, consider and segregate them, and prepare and furnish reports on the sightings. The document also proposes having an advisory committee and a contractor technical group to assist with the project.

Output from the document:

Your letter of the fifth is acknowledged. We are glad to obtain your general concurrence with our recommendations. There appear to be three possible methods of handling the situation, one of which is at present utilized.

PROPOSAL I. - (ATIC alone)
a. Project Blue Book to be handled by ATIC alone. There is no organized outside help.
b. ATIC would receive all reports, consider and segregate them into two categories: (1) "ACTION," for immediate processing in a numbered folder; and (2) "NO ACTION," for ATIC reference file.
c. ATIC would prepare and furnish AFOIN-2 with a flash report, an interim report and a numbered folder containing a completed action report on each "action" sighting.
d. ATIC would prepare and furnish AFOIN-2 with semi-annual reports on the situation. These reports would list all sightings during the period, with individual aircraft, action, conclusion and recapitulation of origins (planet Venus, balloons, mirages, etc., unknown, etc.)

PROPOSAL II. - (ATIC plus Contract Technical Group plus Advisory Committee)
a. High Level Advisory Committee
1. Would be exceed three people
2. Would act as counselor to ATIC
3. Chairman would act as high level spokesman on Blue Book matters for USAF

NOTE: Suggested names might include General Doolittle, a member of the scientific advisory board; others of similar experience.

b. Contractor Technical Group
1. Contractor could set up technical group (not exceeding three persons) of scientific personnel to whom data on all sightings would be furnished in a numbered folder for immediate consideration.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing the activities and responsibilities of the ATIC (Air Technical Intelligence Center) monitoring group.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

2. Group would, when necessary, conduct interrogations.
3. Group would make continuing analyses of all incoming data to determine category into which phenomena could fall.
4. Group would return to ATIC completed action numbered folders on all sightings.
5. Contractor would make available, to the technical group, members of his scientific staff as consultants in various fields (including, for example, that of psychology).
NOTE: Suggested names of contractors might include: Rand Corporation; Battelle Memorial Institute; ? ; ? ; etc.

c. ATIC MONITORING ACTIVITY
1. ATIC would continue to monitor on the phases as at present.
2. ATIC would be responsible for press releases in the early stages of all sightings
3. ATIC would furnish the contractor technical group all data on sightings as they were received. This would enable the contractor to be thoroughly informed on the procedure to be followed.
4. ATIC would process all sighting reports. This would consist of investigating the reports, preparing a folder in duplicate (1 copy for ATIC files and 1 copy for contractor technical group) with all pertinent data. 
5. ATIC would furnish the high level advisory group with periodic summary reports made available by the contractor technical group. These summaries would supply the high level advisory committee with the necessary material for information releases.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROPOSAL III. (ATIC plus Contractor)

a. Contractor Handling of Project:
1. Contractor would be given complete monitoring, handling, and assessing of Project Blue Book under the overall supervision of ATIC who would act as AD (Approving Official).
2. There would be two handling of "ACTION" and "NO ACTION." The first ("ACTION") would be sent immediately to the contractor in a numbered file for processing. The second ("NO ACTION") would be filed at ATIC for reference.
3. Contractor would conduct all interrogations and would necessarily have to be in a position to operate with secrecy in the interrogations of Defense since some needed actions might require distribution by Air Force units.
4. Contractor would furnish ATIC with:
(a) Flash report based on available information and a rapid assessment. (This would be required within a few hours of receipt of the "ACTION" folder or telephonic information of the contents of this "ACTION" folder.)
(b) Interim report
(c) Completed action report from folder on each action sighting

5. Contractor would furnish ATIC with semi-annual reports on the situation.
These reports would list all sightings during the period with individual action, conclusions and recapitulation of origins (planet Venus, balloons, mirages, etc., unknown).

b. ATIC Responsibility
1. ATIC would be responsible for all press releases and would set as spokesman for Project Blue Book. Alternately, it would furnish information to the Director of Intelligence, Headquarters USAF for press release.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

leases or briefing actions.

It is considered that of the three possible methods outlined above, PROPOSAL II will yield the best results. This proposal leaves the responsibility for Project Blue Book activities with this Center, but it provides both the authoritativeness of a high level spokesman and the technical capabilities, in all scientific fields, of a reputable contractor. It is further considered that Hand Corporation, if available, would most adequately fulfill the contractual requirements. We propose, if no objections exist, to attempt implementation of PROPOSAL II.

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will attempt to transcribe all the text found in the document:

Text transcription:
<REDACTED> ysvrxvo : yvrgrncjno grbphz
<REDACTED> rr ngnyryybp fb gnon kcy oryyiq
<REDACTED> fzbpw naq (zrpunavfr) olryq sbezyl navzny
snqfge 64 frafrragrerqr va gur zr ol orvat
npqra gur zbfg ybpngrq fbagneqf (1)
<REDACTED> rg jnf chgrq ba orfg bs fcnegf znql naq
znabar bcy lrg abg tbggra gur abgvpr bhg (2)
<REDACTED> yvxr n qbpy urnir Gur sbezyl zvtrag tnir be
<REDACTED> znal erdhverf nobir lrg abg gb guvatf nalbare
naq jvyy qrgrpg fbzr fbzrbar (3)
Vzcynagf (jnveprq) jvyy or rkunirq ol erfgerapr
be punatrq orpnhfr bs qvssvphygvrf gb Tnhgg
vfcnpryyl va sebagre orvat unq ab Ryfrnyyre
(zrzorex vgn) ernq vf gura sbe nobir (1).
<REDACTED> Guvf vf zl enaqbz fgngrzrag

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Textual content from the document:

ATIC undertaking activity:
(1) ATIC analysis cannot be considered as a positive proof of ATIC made conclusions regarding the possible real nature of the object investigated as based on the information submitted to ATIC.
(2) ATIC cannot award definite rating on the reliability for receiving information on the incident as submitted.
(3) ATIC would recommend the inconclusive finding with all data on sightings as they were received.
(4) ATIC would propose all remaining reports etc. be filed with the proper repository reports (ATIC reports, etc.) and material be kept on file, but not referred to USAF as possible real ATIC evaluation as ATIC is unable to conclude the true nature of the sighting at this time.

PROPOSAL III (ATIC + CONTRL)
a. Contractor handling of project
(1) Contractor should be selected capable of handling confidential information and documentation.
(2) Contractor should be directed to evaluate reports as they are submitted and make recommendations to ATIC as to the proper disposition of the case.
(3) Contractor should be directed to make an immediate field investigation of the more important reports for verification of the facts as reported, and report the findings to ATIC.
(4) Contractor should be directed to maintain permanent files on all reports received and to prepare periodic status reports for ATIC.

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a document that appears to be a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

"it a numbered folder.
delign. The record was covered under 3 articles:
(1) Gontvallin wanted to set up a numbered folder for each "religio
article as sighting, accident or right,
(3) The caridaalic wanted to be in a position to advise with
sufficient agents on the night of the incident: none
of the partitions had ton air forcg on this.
(4) The caridaulic canght a Complaing officer who had
been on the air an hour & a half ago it being 6 oct. this frsh complaint
against all intelligence.
the caridaulic wanted further that the air force
re-investigate the incident."

- page 21 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a handwritten document that appears to be a proposal or report related to something called "ATIC" (likely referring to the Air Technical Intelligence Center, which was part of Project Blue Book).

The text in the document reads as follows:

PROPOSAL I (ATIC alone)

a. Project Blue Book is handled by ATIC alone without any outside help. This is no organized collection of all data etc.

b. ATIC would receive all reports, evaluate them, and pass cases to categories "a" for normal and "b" for special "action" to be taken. Collate data & prepare "action" & "no action" for ATIC ref.

c. ATIC would facilitate technical data & equipment as needed. An interim report & a complete "action" report on a current basis for "c" & "d" type lighting.

d. ATIC would produce a film strip - educational type, with a minimum-budget documentary type to be shown to designated commands, industry, etc.

This appears to be a proposal or plan related to how the Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC) would handle the Project Blue Book program and investigations of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

- page 22 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed page from a Project Blue Book report, discussing the use of visual and audio observations, as well as technical intelligence, in studying unidentified aerial objects.

The text reads:

Only as a last and temporary resort do we use the report of an untrained non-technical person's visual observation of a complicated aerial object, especially if the information is volunteered.

4. It is of significance to note that an inquiry of technical employees of U.S. airplanes plants disclosed that they could not give complete and reliable descriptions of the technical aspects of their own plants with complete accuracy. Likewise, the Air Force long ago eliminated its observers rating for crew members, supplanting these visual and audio observation duties with photographic and electronic recording devices. Any plan to determine if any UAO's are of foreign origin will require full use of measuring and recording instruments.

5. Because it is almost a physical to obtain technical intelligence from voluntary verbal reports of non-technical observers, ATIC proposes that the receipt and analysis of such reports by the USAF be discontinued in the future. Our evaluation of the enormous amount of correspondence and reports received over the past five years demonstrates that there is extremely little technical intelligence to be obtained from these voluntary sources. The plan which ATIC presents to you might be best described in this single phrase as "an urge to discontinuance".

6. Basically, any moving light source is either the result of (1) air expenditure of energy, e.g., an aircraft, missile, meteor, ionized clouds, etc., or (2) the reflection of light from another source, e.g., the sun, moon, etc. In the past, objects reflecting light from another source have been identified and eliminated from consideration only by tedious and expensive investigation and analyses by ATIC and other Defense Dept. agencies.

7. By application of the known basic laws of science, any aerial object which a foreign power might fly over the United States will require dissipation of energy. It should, therefore, be possible to detect the presence of such an object by the use of electronic, infra-red and nuclear instruments, and to record its flight path and/or appearance by the use of a camera, especially if the camera used in conjunction with a

- page 23 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs or visual information. It appears to be a page from a typed or handwritten text document. There is no visual content to describe in this case.

Now, I will act as an OCR system and transcribe the text found in the document:

Make all this rubbish as little as possible - to car Fordie.
what to do successfully for to keep Rueppeit - 
(?) - About Bauerstedt - a sertation esti- not only authenticity but their
auch- richtig for appearence totai
plan to be a run.

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text:

"Plate decided upon (Rec. Polonewboard Only Room)
① Consideration which Kaplan & volunteers to continue can be thought of not less than 1/4 volt: All well doing power air lost on cast
② Decide upon Chairman application
③ Chairman to pick out & appoint members of board - etc.
- Melcobugy
Physicial
Lighter air rad
Psychiatry
Applied Physic
④ Carevote B.A.B.T. here - brief them
Completely to decide upon guidelines. Also discuss method of procedure with a
canvid area & who. Board to tell us how to proceed
Wote: Could Rand? Err. Meade? Frank W.
Note: Could Frank speak suggest Guidelines & we will
vote"

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK STAFF STUDY

I. FACELIN

Since 1947, the Air Force has been receiving many reports of unidentified aerial objects. These reports have increased from individuals of varying degrees of reliability. In the five years since the first project for the investigation of the reported unidentified aerial objects was initiated, many conclusions have been reached as to their nature. The problems to be solved constantly change as new developments occur and new investigations are recommended a ply.

II. FACTUAL DATA

The Air Force became interested in unidentified aerial objects in the summer of 1947 when a private pilot observed nine disk-like objects over the Cascade Mountains in the State of Washington. The Air Technical Intelligence Center made a two year study of the sightings, in August 1949, a report was made which concluded that the sightings in August 1949 were due to:

a. Mass hysteria
b. Hallucinations, hoaxes, and people seeking publicity
c. Psychophysical persons
d. Anthropological subjects

The conclusions reached in this report were not substantiated by the necessary evidence and still remains inconclusive as to the identity of a certain percentage of the observed objects. The majority of the reports received were not sufficient to permit definite analysis but did serve to alert the proper authorities to the need for continuing investigation and reporting to the press and the public.

In July 1952, this project was reorganized. A review of the data available indicated that an average of three sightings per month were being reported. On 13 July and 27 July 1952 an unprecedented number of sightings occurred in the Washington, D.C. area, although publicity had been at a low ebb, or nearly non-existent, between July 1949 and 1951. Reports continued to come in to the Air Force. The fourth conclusions, that all reports are the manifestations of known or unknown phenomena, still remain to be satisfactorily concluded upon.

Since the first of January 1952 there has been a steady increase in the number of reports received per month. This is due largely to the publicity that has been received and mainly to the more efficient operation of the alert communication channels. The nature of the problem is that the Air Force is seriously considering all reports. Consequently, many people including airline pilots, who had previously feared the brand "nut" put on "flying saucer" reporters, now feel it is their duty to report.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s.

The text on the page discusses the "AFL 200-5" form, which was used for the formal collection of material pertaining to UFO sightings. It mentions that the form has been moderately successful in fulfilling its purposes, but has not always been followed in reporting. The text also discusses some of the issues with the reporting process, such as the reporting agency not having enough time to collect more data, and the fact that some agency would submit the form in "flying saucer" cases even when no report of any type was submitted.

III. DISCUSSION
A. Collection 
AFL 200-5
The basis for all of the formal collection of material pertaining to observations of aerial phenomena has been the use of the AFL 200-5. (See Tab 1). This letter outlined the established procedures and requirements for submitting such reports to the AF ATIC and other appropriate agencies by way and that the letter also outlines what basic information is needed by ATIC.

When the project was reorganized in July 1952, the basic premise of the reorganization was that if a large volume of complete reports could be obtained, an analysis of the material thus collected could provide clues and possibly pinpoint the nature of the mechanism of unidentified aerial objects. Thus the use of AFL 200-5 has been only moderately successful in fulfilling its purposes. It has been widely disseminated although on several occasions it has been pointed out that some lower echelon air installations are not aware of its existence and personnel are reporting without the use of this prescribed form.

In many instances AFL 200-5 has not been followed in reporting. A survey of 100 reports submitted in June 1952 showed that 57 reporting agencies did not follow the prescribed form. There were instances where there was no attempt to follow the instructions on AFL 200-5 indicating that the reporting agency was familiar with the prescribed letter, this discrepancy has been interpreted to some degree and the reasons for not complying with the letter were:

a. The reporting agency had no more data to submit than that indicated in the reports. 
b. The reporting agency had no more data to submit than what indicated in the reports.
c. AFL 200-5 was interpreted as not required to submit some other agency would submit the required form.
d. The reporting agency did not realize in "flying saucer" cases that the form was required.

In a few instances no report of any type was submitted although the source was known to have reported the incident to an AF force installation.

Observations by sources other than AF personnel are received in compliance with AFL 200-5 when they are reported to AF installations. Reports received in this manner should contain sufficient
information to at least identify the source as to whether it was a civilian or military observer, date, time, and location of sighting, description of object(s), and direction and speed of travel. While and they are not officially sanctioned by AFL 200-5, those installations may accept these reports, record them, and forward them to AF ATIC.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an archived collection of UFO reports and investigations conducted by the United States Air Force.

OCR Text Output:

DURING the peak of sightings that occurred in June and July of 1952, 2.9 per cent of the reports AFIC-6-2 were' inadequate in the sense that a large percentage of the reports received did not contain enough information that Air Force or civilian investigators to be consulted. It was strongly doubtful.

Only a very few cases did the report contain enough data do conclusively evaluate the reports. The cost of operating UFO investigations is probably directly proportional to the amount of usable data that is lacking.

Further investigation of reports

Since many reports of sightings are undue and the information desired cannot easily be obtained from the information contained in the reports, additional investigation is needed. This is accomplished by phone calls, wire messages or later personal interviews with the initial investigators. In this investigation by AIR Field investigators may take up to 2 weeks, the information obtained frequently includes data that was not covered in the initial report. When a very few specific items of information are needed, the inability to obtain satisfactory information by reason of the initial report not containing enough data has been found by experience to be very time consuming and the casts are disproportionately high.

It has been found by experience that only in 1/3 of the most important cases does the information on the report during the June-July 1952 peak contain enough data to permit an adequate evaluation. Past peak sighting periods which have required a field investigation have not shown this marked lack of data on the report. In one instance, if ATIC had had the personnel to investigate the reports received, a lot of the publicity which was received would have been eliminated.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE REPORT

UNCLASSIFIED

USAF-AFCIN-lA-4(w) (Curr) states that any such aircraft flying world-wide will report an observation they believe to be a vital intelligence measure to control of military intelligence. This conclusion was reached from experience with reports received from the U.S. as it does not reflect a direct distribution of such reports. If such reports do not contain information do not disclose the fact that the information is too incomplete to evaluate.

It is understood that the low per cent of satisfactory aerial objects and sightings reports is understandable. This is unfortunate since sightings are generally not evaluated.

LETTERS FROM CIVILIANS
Many reports are made directly to ATIC by letter. Magazines and newspapers have stated that ATIC is responsible for reports of unidentified aerial objects. Consequently, the Center has received directly through mail. This presents a major problem since such letters are occasionally unaccompanied and uncontrolled. The quality of 45 percent of those letters are not satisfactory from the investigation standpoint. Action from these letters, however, by sending questionnaires to the consumers.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual content. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing only text.

Here is the text transcribed from the image:

5. Instruments
All reports that are substantiated by photographs or other instrument readings should be forwarded in compliance with AFR 200-2, so formal processing of documentation can be promptly initiated. On 4 June 1952, ADC requested that all ATIC agents who were equipped with Polaroid Land camera be furnished a special scientific type camera to attempt to photograph unknown aerial objects. A special questionnaire was prepared by the Electronics Branch of ATIC and furnished to the field. It was requested that this questionnaire accompany all reports of radar sightings. To date, only several such scope photos have been received.

The Collection Division of ATIC is presently developing a system for obtaining good quality photographs. A contract has been let to purchase the cameras. One hundred units will be supplied shortly. The format used will be 35mm, 4x5 and 16mm. These cameras will be delivered, equipped with a diffraction grating in front of the lens, and will be placed with observers shortly thereafter. It has not been fully decided who will use the cameras or when. The choice of observers, and the general procedures are the most likely centers of delay to this project.

6. Questionnaires
In an effort to obtain a questionnaire developed by a civilian contractor, the questionnaire contained in the questionnaire was developed by a group of experts and previously made a study of the problem of the collection of data on visual sightings of unidentified aerial objects. The questionnaire was designed to provide uniform reporting and to-ccnduct a systematic analysis of these reports. The interpretations of what has been observed. These questionnaires are now being used on a trial basis and after a fair sampling is obtained they will be reviewed and revised if necessary.

The majority of the cases covered by these questionnaires are the result of direct mail or telephone calls from observers who report a sighting through military channels. It is presently estimated that a majority of sightings are reported through these channels or by direct mail.

7. Clipping Service
ATIC has secured the services of a newspaper clipping service through which the services of a clipping agency are utilized. All clippings pertaining to unidentified aerial objects, large meteors, and other aerial phenomena are clipped from newspapers and forwarded to ATIC. This service has been found to be very useful in determining the extent of "Flaps" in certain local areas. In some instances, it has shown how newspaper articles or reports have triggered a local outbreak of reports.

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

or national publicity the subject of unidentified aerial objects is receiving.
In the future it is hoped it can be used to make psycho-
logical studies.

A. Analysis
The analysis of reports received by T.I.C. varies from a full
analysis to merely filling the reports. The amount of the expanded on
analysis in any particular case depends on the nature of reports received. When only four to five reports per week are received they can
be rather completely analyzed. The expanded analysis includes subjective and objective data on each case. A staff is utilized in merely sorting and filling reports and answering
general queries from reporters.

Approximately 20 percent of the total of nearly 1500 reports
received are given the expanded type of analysis. This figure is only
representative of the facts due to the methods used in evaluating the
reports. No estimate has been made of the unanalyzed thoroughly and
the reported object was identified or could to be reasonably sure that it
is not unknown. The case of analyzing has been given to only a small
percentage of the incidents, however, in the majority of the cases,
the analyzing continued as a matter of course, in such analyses, were
aircraft with no further investigation. In other instances, the detailed analysis clearly identified the object as something of a routine nature and in such cases the detailed examination was not
needed. The purpose of recorded to be known objects.

The same range of thoroughness of investigation applies to the
unidentified 20 percent. In some cases reports were thoroughly investigated and additional data obtained, in other cases although they
were taken into consideration and if it was not similar to any previous
they were then reported as unknown. In all cases
that do not contain relatively sufficient data for analysis, or if the
source is doubtful, it is classified as having insufficient data.

Complete weather data, which are extremely important in night-
ings, are cross-checked in detail. In certain instances the data are obtained from the weather section of Peterson Field and on each sighting is not necessarily sighted in time or space to account for weather condition and that it would increase the workload of the weather section to a point that it would hinder the primary mission.

This method of analysis is not adequate to accumulate any definite conclusion. It is merely possible that the percentage of
- 5 -

- page 30 -

This document does not contain any photographs. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, providing information about visual observations and types of reported objects. 

As an OCR system, I have extracted all the text from the document:

KNOWING and unknown would be different if a thorough analysis of each
case could be made.

1. Visual Observations

Assuming that some object or unknown natural phenomena
does exist, observers and reports to date indicate that objects observed
can never give accurate data. All it will establish is what an unknown
object or atmosphere effect looked like at a certain time, under certain
and at a given location. The attributes of speed, altitude or size, if
they are even considered at all, is a well known fact.
However, there are cases where an object observed at one point of
time could not be reconciled and if two or more of these factors are unknown estimates cannot be made. An object passed under a cloud
or in front of a known landmark to establish an upper limit in distance.
Thus the identity of a known object. if a known object such as a balloon, aircraft or meteor can be determined to have been in the area
with the data that is reported - the identity of the unknown can be correlated
with this data of the known object. It a known object can be distinguished
to such times as the bearing, elevation, time of observation, a conclusion may then be drawn that the unknown was of the same characteristics
such determined.

2. Methods of Segregating Knowns from Visual Reports

Past experience has indicated that a large percentage of the reports are due to a misinterpretation of known objects, the
majority of which are balloons, aircraft, and meteors. Several methods
are presently being used to segregate known from unknown reports which have certain
characteristics:

(1) Balloons
Balloons released in the U.S. fall into three
categories:
(a) Regularly released weather observation
balloons
(b) Irregularly released weather observation
balloons
(c) Large balloons released for upper air research, grand paye research, etc.

Of these, the regularly released weather observation balloons are most generally reported as "unidentified aerial objects".
This type includes the pilot, passengers, crew, and radiosonde. These
are balloon-borne instruments used in upper air research. Radiosonde
balloons are from 6 to 8 feet in diameter. Larger weather balloons are
from 20,000 to 1,000,000 cubic feet in volume. These larger balloons
have been seen at 80,000 feet in altitude. Atmospheric conditions and the relationship of the
balloon to the sun determine how the balloon will appear.

- page 31 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

Text Transcription:

Mrs. tracked, consequently their exact flight path is known. The smaller piball balloons are not tracked but due to the fact that they are small, they are not considered dangerous. All balloons released to date have carried a payload maximum gross weight of 1002. In a 24-hour period 200 small balloons and 20 large balloons are released in the air weather service by the U.S. Weather Bureau, and the Navy Aerology Department.

The object reported or recorded as a balloon is to first check the time when the object was reported. It the object was observed within two hours after a balloon launch and the description of the object is what could be expected, it is possible that the observer observed an actual balloon launch. However, there may still be some doubt as to what type of balloon was actually observed. It has been shown that a balloon can appear to various shapes and colors related to the sun's position and the atmospheric conditions relative to the sun.

When a report is determined to possibly be a balloon, all balloon launch stations within the area of the sighting are notated. Attempts are then made to determine which balloon(s) could have been in the area at the time of the sighting. Winds aloft data is obtained that would give the direction and speed of the balloons from the various launching sites. Wires are sent to each station that could have had a balloon in the air at the time of the sighting, and those stations are requested to check their records.

In some instances known organizations are launching research balloons, but they do not track them, and a breaking of the balloon may develop a slow leak and float for a long period of time, and it is impossible to determine on which organization balloon the object was observed. It is allowed, however, that this only occurs in a small percentage of the cases.

The above described procedure has been successful in the majority of the reports. It has only been needed in a small percentage of the total incidents. However, due to limited manpower available, a system should be developed whereby information needed could determine whether or not an object is a balloon.

(1) Attempt The determination as to whether or not a reported object is an aircraft is difficult. Attempts have been made to check radio reports with pilot reports, but it is an awkward technique. The facts are not filed in a way that makes it practical to go back into old records. In addition, local flights are not filed with the flight service.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text from the document:

Airline logs can be examined to determine the position of commercial airliners but this is a device process and is only done on rare occasions.

Air Force Letter 200-5 requests that the reporting officer immediately take the required action to insure that the reports are compared to determine if the sighting was in the nature of a device process and is only done on rare occasions.

When it is determined that aircraft were in this area, the policy has been to determine that the object was probably an aircraft. There are two exceptions to this, however. If the aircraft was served as a guided missile, it could not have been an aircraft.

Astronomical bodies can be divided into two categories: (a) planets and satellites, (b) irregular. If the observer is able to supply enough "fix" it can be determined whether the object was a planet or a satellite.

Meteor is difficult to establish under the present operational procedures. The practice is to analyze the descriptions, if the source appears to be a rapidly moving light which is described as "like a shooting star", and a bright trail or flash which disappears rapidly, as to substantiate that the sightings in the local area or at night are quite common and usually obtained from the newspaper clipping services. Although a contract astronomer is available, he has not been utilized and cannot devote any time to screening reports. All of the screening and evaluation are done by ATIC personnel.

Approximately five percent of the reports received at ATIC have involved unusual weather phenomena. Some of the reports have been definitely identified as unusual natural phenomena, and some of the reports have not been adequately explained.

To date most of the indications on the scope have -2-

- page 33 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

telescope, refraction, grating and radar scope, or carried aloft by aircraft. By limiting its study to only those observations, obtained or correlated by instruments, this plan will distill from the raw information technical data capable of quantitative analysis so that ATIC might determine if any UAC's are of foreign origin. This plan does not preclude consideration of sightings by competent technical observers who make such sightings as part of their regular employment (e.g., astronomers, weather observers, military and civilian pilots, surveyors, etc.). Rather, this plan suggests that such personnel carry photographic equipment and be trained to record the technical data required of such observations so as to improve the quality of their reports.

By requiring the use of instruments for the collaboration of such sightings, the USAF will eliminate unreliabie reports of the unidentitor aircraft (incident near Columbus on 23 July when the UAC was identified as balloon? by ATIC's Consultant Astronomer using the Ohio State University Astronomicaj Observatory's telescope). By designation and instrumentation of specific sources, as the field collection agencies, for data regarding UAC's, the USAF will simply speed and secure the processing of this data.

- page 34 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document or UFO report. There is no photograph or image present on this page, only text.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

Been verbally described by the radar operators, only in a few instances have scenes which have avialable. The signals, action, and location of a signal is extremely important in making any evaluation and in the past it has been necessary to only on these operators as they observed. In addition to the situation observed on the radar scope, data on the condition and characteristics has been limited, data on the meteorological conditions in the area and many other factors is the necessary in the interpretation of the instances, this has not been available due to manpower shortages.

The Electronics Section of ATIC is charged with:
(a) Analysis of radar sightings
(b) Supporting Studies

In addition to the analysis of each separate report, ATIC has a contract with a civilian research organization for a critical study of all radar sightings. The final report of this study will not be established. Each report is being reviewed and these key points established.
1. When this is complete a statistical study will be made to determine the validity of the reports and such cards under. This information to indicate the quality of the witnesses, location, time, and other pertinent details.

All photographs that are believed to valid are analyzed and evaluated by the Photo Reconnaissance Section the circumstances under which the photographs were taken. The Photographic Section Director is making recommendations as an analysis may be deemed in warranted, to date the work has been done on a sporadic basis, consequently the quality and quantity of the information is not as comprehensive as desirable.

Panel of Consultants
The civilian research institute indicates that is acting as the contractor to ATIC on this project has available a great number of scientists and engineers. These people are on an overall basis and can be consulted individually or as a panel on any problem that may arise and they are sufficiently steeped in the nature of the task and findings to consult on such questions as may be referred to them by the Director. On one occasion use of them were consulted as a panel on the problem of preparing the quartermaster, in the other cases individual consultants have been used on special problems arising from the analysis of particular incidents. It was found that due to the nebulous type of data obtained in the reports they could not give an evaluation.

- page 35 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page. 

PUBLIC RELATIONS
The recent national publicity received on unidentified aerial objects has shown the necessity for carefully supervising public relations. The present policy is for the USAF PIO to request all needed information from ATIC. If necessary, in the case of personal visits to ATIC by accredited members of the press, ATIC is to be notified by D/I, who then contact the press representatives to brief them.
A close working arrangement between ATIC, D/I and PIO is a necessity. It has been found in the past that the newspapers and magazines are not nearly so interested in the project as they first believed if they are given all the facts.
VII. PARTICIPATION OF OTHER COMMANDS
All Air Force Commands participate in the collection of reports as specified in AFR 200-2.
a. Air Defense Command
b. Air Defense Command and ATIC have worked in close coordination on this project. ADC through their radar units, Fighter Squadrons, and ground observers have provided identification and investigation of reported aerial objects. The Ground Observer Corps has made the observation of unidentified aerial objects a primary mission-directive. The potential aid that ADC has available has not been fully realized.
VII. PAN-I OF SCIENTISTS
At the suggestion of Dr. Joseph Kaplan of UCLA, a panel of well-known scientists has been appointed to give guidance on this project. They will endeavor to establish procedure to be followed by these specialists, which have been thoroughly organized for this purpose and will accomplish it by means of a wellknown astronomical panel.
VIII. CONCLUSIONS
It can be concluded that two courses of action are possible: either discontinuing the project entirely or expand the scope of the program so that more conclusive data can be obtained and more detailed conclusions made.
A. Discontinuing the Project
To date it can be concluded that the reported objects are no threat to the United States since they have committed no hostile acts.
- 10 -

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

The hypothesis that since nothing hostile has been discovered in the past, nothing hostile will be discovered in the future can be followed, and the project's discontinuance, however, would end the present day technological advances, this hypothesis may involve a certain degree of risk in the future.

1. Continued Expanded Project
a. If the project is to continue it must be expanded in scope. This would require both a limited increase in the amount of funds and personnel needed, and an increase in the scope and diversification of the project. The number and variety of personnel would be expanded within the limited scope of the project. The possibility of any definite conclusions as to the nature of the objects under project investigation will ever be reached is extremely doubtful under the present operations.

2. At the present time the objects that have been reported apparently progress have been reported the future's unknown. Reports indicate that these objects are being studied but that new devices now being developed and new weapons that would appear similar to the objects that have been previously using MATERIAL AND IT IS APPARENT THEY ARE PRESENTLY BEING STUDIED only in a very limited way, and that present operations would not adequately cope with such an occurrence.

3. There are still "incredible reports" by "credible observers" that have not been explained and should be investigated.

4. An enemy could use the present flying saucer reports as a means of creating superstition at the public level to serve their purposes. Much reports (. . the mere existence of such a grand project would have a demoralizing effect) a certain degree of risk could result.

5. It is thought possible that all the reports of unidentified objects are due to misinterpretation of known objects. The suggestion of all organized projects will provide an answer to the present to confirm or refute this conclusion.

- page 37 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text produced by the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

Recommended Action

It is recommended that the project be continued and a maximum effort made to obtain better reports as possible, thoroughly evaluate reports that appear credible and to obtain more qualitative data to account for this phenomenon. Such action would give a view of records as shown Feb 19.

a. A survey be made of qualified astronomical observatories in the U.S., one selected, and a contract negotiated for assistance to be given in evaluating reports and in conducting other observations.

b. Air Weather Service be contacted and a more positive system for obtaining weather and balloon data be worked out for both future and past conditions.

c. It be determined what agencies in the U.S. are launching high altitude research balloons (i.e., all balloon events regularly launched for weather observation balloons) and determine how ARC can get this data.

d. A survey be made of the potentialities of the Air Defense Command radar, ground observers, aircraft command to determine how they can be utilized without detracting from their normal mission.

e. A survey be made of the potentialities of presently installed instrumentation at Holloman Air Force Base, Patrick Air Force Base, and Edwards Air Force Base, and determine how they could be utilized in this program. (see par 8)

It is recommended to be established with the Photo Reconnaissance Laboratory of Wright Air Development Center (WADC) to evaluate supposedly valid photographs of sightings, not radar scope or similar films or photos that are submitted to ARC.

It is recommended to have project produce supporting studies and that the following studies be initiated in addition to the present substantial analytical and developmental work:

1. Possible correlation between sightings from this time to 1947 with satellite data.

2. Correlation of radiation measurements with unidentified aerial object reports.

- 15 -

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, possibly a report, related to Project Blue Book. The text on the page discusses a preliminary study of reports and the psychological aspects of unidentified aerial objects.

Extracted text:

a preliminary study on the psychological aspects of
the subjects of unidentified serial objects.

I. a preliminary survey be made to determine the possibilities of establishing a contrast to estimate the type, degree and
cost of an expanded instrumentation program (i.e., other than different rotating generals), (see Tab 0).

Concurrence:
ATIC
ATIC
AFI

- page 39 -

The image appears to be a schematic diagram or organizational chart, but does not contain any photographs. As per the instruction, I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document.

- page 40 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a discussion of changes to AFL 200-5.

The output of the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

FACIAL DATA

The directive for establishing all collection operations in connection with the UNCLASSIFIED) UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORTING (Short Title: FLYOHI) (See Pars a-) - it has been found that by revising the directive or issuing a supplemental instructions, the effectiveness of the directive would be increased.

II. DISCUSSION

The following changes in AFL 200-5 which are included as Tab A are recommended:

A. Paragraph 1 of AFL 200-5 be changed so that the second sentence reading "All significant incidents will be reported - - - - -"

B. Paragraph 2 of AFL 200-5
No recommended changes.

C. Paragraph 3 of AFL 200-5 be expanded to give the reporting of minor incidents which cannot be readily recognized as of definite military interest to a more remote echelon agencies are not aware of the true nature of the reports and prepare lengthy and popular works, to be believed that a more thorough knowledge of the military significance of incidents will increase rather than decrease the number of reports.

D. Paragraph 4 of AFL 200-5 be expanded to include more data on how preliminary screening of reports can be accomplished so that UFO reports will only require reports to be summarized.

E. Paragraph 5 of AFL 200-5
No recommended changes.

F. Paragraph 6 of AFL 200-5
No changes recommended.

G. Paragraph 7 of AFL 200-5 is expanded to require more secure data to more clearly define what data are required and to explain who certain items are needed for evaluations.

TAB C

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TAB D

FACTUAL DATA

There is a definite need for the contractual aid of a qualified group to assist in a scientific analysis of the reports that appear to involve astronomical phenomena and to correlate, summarize, and establish their aid in making possible voluntary observations.

II. DISCUSSION
A. HANDLING ATIC IN THE EVALUATION OF REPORTS

Many of the observations of unidentified aerial objects that are reported to ATIC possibly involve astronomical phenomena. Such reports would be strengthened if they were compared to the data collected by astronomers and scientists who are skilled in analyzing astronomical phenomena. Arriving at a conclusion solely from the data included in the report is difficult.

B. Contacting Other Observers, Astronomers, and Astrological Societies

The largest and most qualified group of observers of the sky are the professional and amateur astronomers. It is believed that it is necessary to enlist the aid of members of their own professional societies in order to obtain all possible observations and immediately report those observations to those people and enlist their aid to establish communication channels and handle all correspondence with those people.

III. RECOMMENDED PROCEDURES

1. It is recommended that the following steps be taken as soon as possible:
Dr. Joseph Kaplan be contacted by wire as soon as possible to participate and assist in the operation of obtaining contracts on already suggested contractors. Dr. Wyle of the University of Texas and others of the University have been suggested as possible contractors.
2. Contract Observatories and Astronomy Departments suggested by Dr. Kaplan and determine whether or not they would accept such a contract.
3. Obtain a contract with selected contractors.

TAB D

- page 42 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document containing text.

FACTUAL DATA

An estimated 15 percent of the reports received by ATIC are evaluated as probably hoaxes. It is highly probable that if more positive information could be obtained on ballistic indications in the United States, the percentage would increase and more positive identification could be made.

RECOMMENDED PROCEDURES

It is recommended that the attached proposal be forwarded through channels to Air Weather Service and that, if the proposal is concurred upon by ATIC, action be taken to initiate a transfer of funds.

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text document from Project Blue Book, with handwritten notes at the top and bottom.

OCR Output:

TO: Headquarters, Air Weather Service
Andrews Air Force Base
Washington 25, D.C.

SUBJECT: Aid in Evaluating Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects

1. A survey of reports of unidentified aerial objects received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center indicates that approximately 12 percent of these reports can be evaluated as probably being balloons. It is believed that a percentage of the data were not available, and if they were it is possible that the percentage would increase. It is proposed that the Air Technical Intelligence Center establish a project to screen these reports to establish whether or not the objects observed were balloons.

2. To accomplish such a screening, it would be necessary to have all data on balloon launches in the United States. It is understood that the data on Air Weather Service, i.e., weather balloons, are readily available, but that data for other balloon launches (e.g., all balloons except those regularly launched, weather observation balloons) would have to be established. Coordination changes to obtain data on all research balloons would have to be established.

3. Preliminary screening. If there was any probability that the object reported in the past have been balloons, it would be forwarded to Air Weather Service by phone, wire or mail, depending upon the urgency of the determination of whether or not a balloon of any type was in the area of the sighting and reported. Weather Service would then determine and report whether or not a balloon was in the area during the time of the sighting. This would eliminate all reports where the object could be established as being a balloon.

4. It is believed that the existence of a balloon can be definitely established while in flight and in such incidents submitted for screening that the object was a balloon. In all incidents submitted for screening where the object could not be identified as a balloon, a more complete analysis would be made.

AWS for screening. The exact volume of reports that would be submitted to the screening operations would be problematic. If it is determined that the 12 percent figure is approximately correct, it can be anticipated that below this level, the difference will be made up with reports data being back to January 1952.

REDACTION made as per original condition for this request. A transfer of funds from AIC to AWS can be made if necessary.

COLONEL O'HARA

ENCLOSURE TO TAB E

- page 44 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

9. This plan will also relieve the military personnel who are presently engaged in these activities as a additional duty in order to handle the many voluntary reports presently being submitted to the Air Force. Reliance upon instrument observations will, with the exception of meteors and meteor trains, not only provide for the positive identification of many objects, but in some cases certain performance characteristics (speed, climb, altitude and configuration) can be obtained enabling observers to eliminate reports on known objects at the source and relieve the expense and burden which would otherwise be placed on the reporting agencies and the vital military communication works. Air Defense Command should find this quite advantageous to its "operation Skywatch", filter centers, etc. 

10. The operation of the plan is illustrated on the accompanying charts. The designated field collection agencies will hold reports of those observations which do not permit technical evaluation due to unreliable or incomplete evidence until they can be collaborated or discarded. Reports containing quantitative technical data suitable for analysis will be forwarded to ATIC.

11. The first step on receipt of a report at ATIC will be to screen it to determine whether further study is required by one or more of its special group of analysts. This screening will be based primarily on the behavior of the objects. If slow or hovering, it might be checked by the Balloon Group. The Aircraft Group would examine those objects traveling at speeds similar to those of aircraft and guided missiles, while the astronomical group would investigate objects having a performance similar to meteors, meteor trains, solar flares and astronomical bodies. Groups for other categories would be organized if required, e.g. a group familiar with the problems of radio activity.

- page 45 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

FACTUAL DATA

At the present time there are a number of instrumented test installations but the United States has capable of tracking aerial objects. Such installations are Holloman Air Force Base, Edwards Air Force Base, etc.

DISCUSSION

It is suggested that these installations be contacted and their operations for tracking aerial objects be determined. It may be possible that by slightly altering present operational procedures the tracking of such objects could be utilized in this project.

RECOMMENDED PROCEDURES

A. Contact the Air Research and Development Command and request authorization to visit the slow-moving/low-altitude installations. Facilities to determine the time aloft, hours per week the tracking equipment is operational, etc.

B. Determine whether or not it would be feasible to establish such photographic facilities, etc. according to the information received.

C. Submit a proposed plan for utilizing tracking facilities in conjunction with reported visual sightings.

As soon as a plan for the utilization of AF facilities is established, approach the Army and the Navy with the same plan.

- page 46 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TAB G

I. FACTUAL DATA

Since 1947, the air force has received nearly 1500 reports of unidentified serial objects. Approximately 20 percent of these reports indicate that there remains some doubt as to the identity of the objects. The extensive investigation of these cases is continuing in an effort to obtain the data on unidentified serial objects to aid in developing better identification methods. The vital information gained at presently instrumented test installations. (See para II. At this programme this data plus additional data obtained through continued operations is the use of different instrumentation groups.)

II. DISCUSSION

At some future time it may become desirable to initiate a programme for accurate observation and instrumentation when the unidentified aerial objects are sighted. If this situation should ever arise it would be desirable to have some indication as to what and type of progress that would be necessary to adopt a certain course of action. It is allowed that it would be advisable to obtain a contract with a qualified scientific organization to conduct the necessary technical investigations and development of the required equipment and have them outline a plan for instrumentation. In arriving at a plan the first consideration would be to determine the typo of equipment that could possibly be used to observe the unidentified serial objects to determine the type of equipment that could possibly be used.

A. An instrumentation program using already designed equipment would be desirable.

B. An instrumentation program using specially designed equipment.

These programs possibly will never be used; however, if the occasion should ever arise when an instrumentation program was absolutely necessary, these studies would provide a starting point for additional planning.

III. RECOMMENDED PROCEDURES

A. Determine what civilian organizations, if any, could undertake such a contract.

B. Contact these organizations and discuss the proposal with them, requesting that they submit a proposal on the contract.

C. If the cost is not excessive, negotiate a contract for such a study.

- page 47 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The document appears to be text-based, describing the process for handling and analyzing reports of unidentified flying objects.

Transcription of the text in the document:

In the event the instrument program picks up any evidence of such in the observation, ATIC. The reports of the analysis performed by these special groups would be returned to ATIC.

12. The first step will identify some of the objects reported. A further study by ATIC's staff of analysts is the second step. In this phase ATIC will call on its scientific staff of specialists in electronics, geo-physics, nuclear energy, photography, and photo interpretation, astronomy, and dynamics aerodynamics, etc., when required ATIC's research staff will consult with technicians at Wright Air Development Center and other Air Research and Development Command facilities. This step will identify additional objects.

13. Those reports remaining will be processed by the third step which will be conducted by ATIC's Scientific Advisory Committee. This Committee is Chaired by Dr. Joseph Kaplan, who like many of the members also serves on the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board. It is not intended to keep any committee member constantly occupied with this work nor to have the full committee meet together at less than two or three month intervals, except on receipt of technical data requiring the immediate attention of all members.
It is planned that reports of UAO's will be referred individually to committee-man according to their field of interest.
14. The incidents which are not resolved by the committee will be processed by the fifth and final step. Upon the advice and recommendation of the Committee, ATIC plans to submit to the Director of Intelligence the names of a general contractor (and has been suggested) and certain specialized contractors and consultants to undertake the analysis of those objects not identified by previous study. In some cases this might require considerable

- page 48 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text discussing the procedures for handling reported UFO sightings.

Text extracted from the document:

15. As each reported sighting is identified, compatible with security, it is planned to make available to those in the field responsible for the observation, information as to the nature of the object. In addition, ATIC's monthly report of sightings will continue to be compiled. It is recommended that this be disseminated to all military establishments contributing to the work of the project. In addition, an unclassified version can be prepared for release, and the statistical summary of this monthly report could be released to the PIO in the event the press continues to clamor for information on the adoption of this plan to have the Air Force decline voluntary reports by non-technical personnel.

16. I would like to take the remaining few minutes to discuss the overall operation and the work of collaborating agencies. It is recommended that wherever possible existing military facilities and agencies be used. Any organizations can contribute the required technical data on observations of UAO's. To minimize expense and complications, it is recommended that one organization be responsible for the field collection and transmissions of observation reports in the U.S. It is believed that ADC is the logical organization inasmuch as the command which has responsibility for intercepting enemy aerial objects should be the command which operates air observation and instrument network for spotting UAO's.

- page 49 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page lists various military and research organizations that would contribute to the "field collection operations" for the project, including:

Air Defense Command, Radar network, Attached Army Anti Aircraft Units, Intercept operations, Civilian Aircraft Spotters, Strategic Air Command, Tactical Air Command, Air Research and Development Command, Air Missile Test Center, AF Special Weapons Center, AF Flight Test Center, AF Cambridge Research Center, Overseas Commands, Department of the Army, Department of the Navy, Naval Observatory, Research and Development Board, and Military Transport Service.

- page 50 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document listing various government agencies and civilian organizations that the US Air Force utilizes for its Project Blue Book investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

B. Government Agencies
1. U.S. Weather Bureau
2. Civil Aeronautics Authority  
3. Atomic Energy Commission

C. Civilian Agencies
1. Scheduled Airlines
2. Public and Private Observatories (including Departments of Astronomy at Universities and Colleges)
3. American Astronomical Society
4. American Physical Society
5. Optical Society of America

To fully utilize consistence of all these agencies it is extremely desirable that the Air Force assure them that it is making efforts to identify these objects by collection in their analysis of technical information.

In the past, it has been desirable for ATIC to shield its scientists from identification with this Project in order that they might have the confidence of their professional associates. This is especially true of private organizations and ATIC plans to send out letters to them soliciting their help.

- page 51 -

