PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

DATE: 14 Sep 52

DATE-TIME GROUP: 14/1900 CST
Local: 15/0100 Z

PHOTOS: C Yes, 2 No

LOCATION: WHITE LAKE, S.DAK.

TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

SOURCE: OOC Observer

LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30-40 min

NARRATIVE: Reddish "stick" or "cigar" with three puffs of smoke or vapor behind it sighted by OOC. Object was very high, very bright. Observed through binoculars for over 30 min.

CONCLUSIONS:
1. Observer considered reliable by preparing officer.


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
815TH AIR DIVISION
FORT SNELLING, MINNESOTA

1 OCT 1952

SUBJECT: FLYOBSPT

TO: Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center
HQ Air-Materiel Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Forwarded herewith is FLYOBSPT in accordance with AF 200-5, 29 April
1952.

1 Incl
FLYOBSPT (1 cy)

HALBERT G. HEWITT
MAJOR USAF
ADJUTANT


- page 2 -

AF FORM: 112--PART II
approved 1 June 1948

(Classification)

AIRSECURITY INFORMATION REPORT

From (Agency)
CG, 31st Air Division

Report No.                                  Page 1 of 1 Pages

1. The object was "sited" or "cigar" shaped with longitudinal axis parallel with horizon. It was reddish in hue. There were three puffs of what could have been smoke, vapor, or clouds a short distance behind it. The object moved west for a short time, then appeared to hover north and vanish, with 15 to 20 degrees of angular motion. This object is very plain and relatively with 15 definitely not a plane of any kind. The object can best be described as a brightly burning object, quite high, too close and too large to take a star of any kind, and moving from east to west. It was very bright and visible, with definite color and shape.

2. Object was sighted between 1900 and 1930 hours, Central Standard Time, 14 September 1952, and was under observation for approximately 20 to 40 minutes. A similar object was sighted in about the same place about the same length of time about 3 weeks earlier.

3. Object was sighted through "high power" binoculars.

4. Observation made from White Lake, South Dakota (43 degrees, 44 minutes North, and 99 degrees, 43 minutes West). Object sighted a "great" distance north and slightly west of observer. Observer could not estimate distance involved.

5. Observer, [redacted], is an [redacted] in the town of White Lake, South Dakota, and a member of the Ground Observer Corps. In view of these facts and that Mr. [redacted] specifically requested no publicity be given to him personally, it is felt the information can be considered reliable.

6. No further information was reported.

7. It should be noted that this sighting was made in an area where other sightings of weather balloons have occurred. However, Mr. [redacted] stated it did not seem to be a balloon even though the distance at which the object was sighted precluded the possibility of observing any detail. Sighting of the object confirmed.

8. No physical evidence of the object available.

9. No interception or identification action was taken.

10. Location of air traffic in the area at the time is unknown.


- page 3 -

OTE: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United
States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, U.S.C.—31 and 32, as
amended. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to
an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. May not be reproduced in
whole or in part by other than United States Air Force agencies, except by
permission of the Director of Intelligence.

(Classification)


- page 4 -

AF FORM 112-PART I
approved 1 June 1948

(Classification)

Country
United States

Report No.                      (Leave Blank)

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Subject    FLYOBPT

Area Reported On    White Lake, South Dakota    From (Agency)    CO, 31st Air Division
Date of Report    30 September 52    Date of Information    14 September 52    Evaluation

Prepared by (Officer)    ALLEN T. RILEY, 2nd Lt. USAF    Source    T.

References (Control number, directive, previous report, etc.)    as applicable)

Summary: (Enter concise summary of report. Give significance in final one-sentence paragraph. List inclosures at lower left. Begin text of report on AF Form 112-Part II.)

A Ground Observer Post supervisor sighted a brightly burning "stick" or "cigar" shaped flying subject near White Lake, South Dakota on two different occasions. To objects were each sighted for 30 to 40 minutes duration. Observer states that the object reported as was definitely not a plane of any kind. Twice paths of what could have been smoke or vapor appeared a short distance from the objects.


- page 5 -

Distribution by Originator    (A) D/I Hq. USAF
                                        CO, ADC
                                        CO, GANO
                                        CO, 31st Abn

NOTE: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the Unit States within the meaning of the Espionage act, 50 U.S.C.—31 and 32, as amended. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than United States Air Force agencies, except by permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF.

(Classification)


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

White Lake
Observation Post
Golf and Black

Signed c late attend 5th, 1952

There is a compass rose/directional indicator in the top left showing North, South, East, and West.

There are some hand-drawn sketches/shapes on the document, including what appears to be a sun symbol and some other small sketches near the bottom of the page.


- page 7 -

