PROJECT 10673 RECORD CARD

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: [illegible]

2. LOCATION: Off Pacific Coast (USA)
   30°N -122°35'W

3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

4. SOURCE: B-29 crew

5. PHOTO: □ Yes   ■ No

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20-30 mint.

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1

8. COURSE: [Not filled in]

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: 
Pale reddish color. Elliptical shape.

10. COMMENTS: [Blank]

Bottom of form notes: ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

28 Aug
NO Cord                                                4 September 1952

Mrs.
Washington 20, D.C.

Dear Mrs. Haynes:

Your recent report of unidentified aerial phenomena has been received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center. Enclosed is a questionnaire, which, when completed by you and returned in the enclosed, self-addressed envelope, will aid in standardizing the data and will provide a complete record of the occurrence.

Your interest in reporting the matter and your public spirited desire to be of service are greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]
ROBERT E. KENNY
Major, USAF
Air Adjutant General

2 Incls
a/s

Received Sept 8, 1952
Mailed Sept 8, 1952
[Initials]


- page 2 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE - 4748.00

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object:
1.1 Date: 28 August 1952
         Day    Month    Year

1.2 Time of Day: 8:00 _____ A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)

1.3 Time Zones (Circle One):
    a. Eastern                 d. Pacific
    b. Central                 e. Other _______
    c. Mountain

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                  b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
    your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain                 c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain          d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object:
   4238 - 44th St SE  Wash 20 D.C.
   Postal Address           City or Town       State   Country

   Additional Remarks: 3rd Floor  Apt.

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
   (Circle One): a. Inside a building     d. In an airplane
                 b. In a car              e. At sea
                 c. Outdoors              f. Other _______

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                  b. In the residential section of a city?
                  c. In open countryside?
                  d. Flying near an airfield?
                  e. Flying over a city?
                  f. Flying over open country?
                  g. Other _______


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

4. How did you happen to notice the object? Pulling westward

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
   Day    August    (152)   within twenty minutes

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? housework

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object?
    Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount
    of time spent on each.
    Home at 8:15 - had spent 45 minutes
    on writing housework

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes   or   No

   IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
   7.1 What direction were you moving?
       (Circle One): a. North    c. South
                     b. Northeast   d. Southwest
                     c. East        e. West
                     d. Southeast   f. Northwest

   7.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

   7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
       (Circle One): Yes   or   No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
   (Circle One): a. North    c. South
                 b. Northeast   d. Southwest
                 c. East        e. West
                 d. Southeast   f. Northwest
   Slightly east of late


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

8.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North            e. South
               b. Northeast       f. Southwest
               c. East            g. West
               d. Southeast       h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
    the answer to the above question and preceding question (8 and
    8.1):
               a. Certain         c. Not very sure
               b. Fairly certain  d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
    Yes         or         No

10. How was the object seen?
    (Circle One): a. Through window glass    e. Through theodolite
                  b. Through windshield      f. Through sunglasses
                  c. Through binoculars      g. Through open space
                  d. Through telescope       h. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the
    object?
    11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)                 11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
         a. Clear sky                             a. Dry
         b. Hazy                                  b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
         c. Scattered clouds                      c. Moderate or heavy rain
         d. Thick or heavy clouds                 d. Snow
         e. Don't remember                        e. Don't remember

    11.2 WIND (Circle One)                   11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
         a. No wind                               a. Cold
         b. Slight breeze                         b. Cool
         c. Strong wind                           c. Warm
         d. Don't remember                        d. Hot
                                                  e. Don't remember

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object?    3 or 4 minutes
                                Hours   Minutes   Seconds


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
    a. Captain     b. Fairly sure     c. Not very sure     d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent

14. Did the object at any time:
    14.1 Change direction?
    14.2 Change speed?
    14.3 Change size?
    14.4 Change color?
    14.5 Break up into parts or explode?
    14.6 Give off smoke?
    14.7 Change brightness?
    14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
    14.9 Remain motionless?

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't know
    15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? [blank]

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
    16.1 Sound: nine
    16.2 Color: black

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Only one
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

18. Did the object at any time:
    18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes, No, Don't know
    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind. [blank]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pea
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk

f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other _______

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? 1000 - 2000 feet
20.2 How far was it from you? _______ feet or _____ miles
20.3 How fast was it going? 400-500 miles per hour, appeared ______
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly
b. Gradually

c. Other
d. Don't remember

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.
Overhead

[Handwritten note at bottom of page: I was in an apartment (3rd floor) app 28 ft above ground]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead

Horizon                                   Horizon
You

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

[Diagram with A and B showing motion across horizon]

See #30

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Perfectly round - appeared to be flat-
(two dimensional rather than three dimensional)
appeared to move in a straight line across
my vision - neither up such down nor
plane nor away from me


- page 8 -

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One) Yes or No

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other one?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten response appears to read]: I have no idea - might have been a small balloon though seemed too far away and did not appear to be moving currents as balloons usually do.

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
What is your present job? housewife
Age 28
Sex female

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes or No

29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 9 -

Page 8

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper, if necessary.

Object when first seen appeared to be slightly larger than a basketball - though flat not globular - During the few minutes I could see it sit very gradually grew smaller finally disappearing - seemingly within air -


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNITED STATES

IR-135.52

VIEWLOC
Off Western US Coast                     Headquarters, 106th Bombardment Wing (H)

1 September 1952                         23 August 1952
Richard A. Dype, Major USAF              Combat Crew 12600
                                         114th Bomb Sqdn, 106th Bomb Wing (H)

1. On 29 July 1952 while light, obliqued in shape, no trail or exhausts, at a relative of 2 o'clock low from right distance was observed by a gunner, bombardier, and A/C. The maneuver occurred, then disappeared was unobserved.

2. 236,087 to 286,368 - Duration varied among witnesses from 20 to 70 minutes.

3. Viewed and only radar scope from B-29 at 31,000'. Gate 200 miles configuration was 11 miles long, no known similar configuration known 2 distance with verifiable range marker 22 miles at 90°, 50-mile scope range. Look object was equivalent to six times tip size of B-29 at comparable range.

4. Plotted - 50° 20' N - 126° 05' W. Final - 50° 16' N - 126° 14' W. About 67 miles off-shore. Maneuver estimated from 7:50 via to 20+ miles, on 205°.

5. Maj John G. Latoile, V/O                All crew members sober and reliable.
    Maj 24 Ja. J. Smith, Bombardier        They didn't venture an opinion on
    Capt Joe W. Terhune, CO                either this or the previous reports in the public press.

6. Weather - 7/10 overcast of 5,000 tops, 1st 260° at 12 knots.
    Temperature - 57°.

7. Underseas - tops 5,000.

8. Nil.

9. Nil.

COMMENTS of preparing officers:
    The reporting officer is of the opinion that this is an instance that could be explained by the consensus of the crew concerned. This endorsement does not take into account the comments concerning color, however.

[Signed]
RICHARD A. DYPE, Major, USAF
Intelligence Officer


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

[DECLASSIFIED]

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

COUNTRY
Italy

IR-700-53

DATE OF REPORT
15 December 1953

REPORTED BY(RANK/NAME)
JOSEPH A. WOLDA, Lt. Col. USAF, Actg AirA

AREA REPORTED ON
Italy

DATE OF INCIDENT
August

SOURCE
Prof. G. E. Sias

SUMMARY:

1. This IR transmits a report of unusual aerial phenomena witnessed by
Prof. G. B. SIAS on the 28th of August 1952, in Sassari, Sardinia.

2. COMMENTS of the Preparing Officer:

Prof. Sias was interviewed by this officer and he appeared to be intel-
ligent, pleasant, and very eager to tell his story. He, in his own mind, is con-
vinced that the United States has made scientific studies unknown to the
rest of the world and this particular phenomenon was one of those things, or, (2) This
particular phenomenon was super-natural or it was instituted by another government in
Italy. Prof. Sias appeared to be a very intense individual and, while not exactly
fanatic, I believe that this title comes very close to fitting him. Enclosure #1
is a sketch by the professor of what he thought he saw.

[Signature]
JOSEPH A. WOLDA
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Acting Air Attaché

LIBRARY SUBJECT & AREA CODE
602
1952

DISTRIBUTION BY ORIGINATOR
1 copy ATIA-5, Aerial Phenomena Section

NOTE: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C.,
SECS. 31 AND 32. ITS TRANSMISSION OR THE REVELATION OF ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER TO AN UNAUTHORIZED PERSON IS PROHIBITED BY LAW. IT
MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN WHOLE OR IN PART, BY OTHER THAN UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AGENCIES, EXCEPT BY PERMISSION OF THE DIRECTOR OF
INTELLIGENCE, USAF.

[DECLASSIFIED]


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM: Air Attaché, Rome, Italy     REPORT NO: IR-700-53     PAGE 2 OF 5 PAGES

TRANSLATION

REPORT AND ILLUSTRATION OF A FLYING SPHERE
Observation by Prof. [redacted], Sassari

TO THE UNITED STATES EMBASSY ACCREDITED TO THE ITALIAN GOVERNMENT

APPARITION OF A FLYING SPHERE

On the 28th of August 1952, the following article of mine was published in the local "Nuova Sardegna" newspaper:

"Yesterday evening, 27th of August, at 2145 hours, I was walking - as usual - along the court-yard of Sassari Brigade, below the windows of the war orphans dormitory, saying the rosary. In the courtly barracks was playing the lights out signal. I watched now and then in the sky covered with stars, heavy, moonless, still torrid for the tempestuous which in those days, a anyone would remember, often attained 40 degrees, with a sky which remained clean and cloudless for three months.

Suddenly at attention was a rather vague transparent small cloud, coming from the East, isolated in the middle of the sky: the remaining sky was serene. My eyes were fixed to that point, fascinated by the view, when suddenly a sphere of astonishing brightness and luminosity seemed to depart from the Milky Way. I had the impression that it was very close to the earth: it was slightly larger than the full moon, of moon-blue color, silver bright like the mother-of-pearl, with natal stars in its right side; it proceeded at a dizzy speed along - let's say - a certain path, suddenly as if it came out of a thick shadow. It came out and in a second disappeared, leaving behind a line or luminous ribbon, having a thickness of one-seventh of the sphere after a second, the entire sphere appeared again then again, it disappeared and the line toward the horizon. The apparition lasted in total three to five seconds.

"My first idea was that such a phenomenon was due to an aerolite. Everyone knows the color and brightness of meteoric stones, while it was evident that the luminosity of the sphere originated from the sun, like the moon's.

"In regard to motion, I reflected that such an object, suppose it was a human creation, could not have such a dizzy actual speed to equal the velocity of any human invention, even if carried to 50 or 60 kilometers altitude. On the supposition that this sphere was coming from astral spaces, from much higher altitudes, its motion could be either partially or entirely apparent, that is to say, a revolution speed of the earth, viz. thirty kilometers per second.

"Where the luminosity was concerned, I thought that it could be traced to the location of the sphere at hundreds or thousands of kilometers above the earth's half got out of the cone of shadows of the earth and proceeded Westward, being illuminated by the sun which had got two hours and a half earlier. The location was the following: approximately 45° between the Zenith and the horizon line, Southward; direction is East-West.

"The doubt that mine may be a mere optical illusion is dissipated by the testimony of two other persons: an orphan, Bruno, who had not yet gone to bed; another luminous sphere through the window of the dormitory was seen by Mr. Piccolo, a guardian of Valmachia concern placed approximately 3 kilometers in line from Sassari, who observed the phenomenon at the same time; reality and not illusion, then."

Note: The bottom of the document contains a standard disclaimer about the document containing information affecting the national defense of the United States.


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART 41
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: Air Attaché, Rome, Italy                IR-700-53                PAGE 3 OF 5 PAGES

ALTITUDE AND DIMENSIONS OF THE SPHERE

"The observation of the sphere, the peculiar circumstances of its apparition and the logical deductions, inspired me with a passing desire, rather a stimulating impulse, to find a solution of the phenomenon in its complete significance. I had precise data:

(1) the small cloud which was a sort of signal
(2) the egress of the sphere from the earth's cone of shadow at 2145 hours
(3) the duration of the apparition for three to five seconds in South-West direction
(4) the distance - cardinal points South - of 15° between the Zenith and the horizon line
(5) the seeming diameter.

The sole thing to do was to contact a scientist. I went to Father Jaujas, well-known astronomer, director of the Vatican observatory at Castel Gandolfo. After some days of study, he obtained with the system of the coordinates, the following result:

"On the basis of the geographical position of the observer, the coordinates will be approximately as follows:
Longitude 33.8 East   (08° 33')
Latitude 40.5' North

On the basis of the sun position on the 27th of August at 2145 hours the resulting TMEC will be:
Azimuth 133° 36' measuring from South to North, through West
Altitude 26° 41', that is below the horizon

"On the basis of the above data, not taking into account the effects of a refraction, the distance of the observed visibility in this point at an elevation of 15° up to the point where it comes out of the earth shadow is:
approx. 1681 kilometers Southward
approx. 1091 South-Westward

At such a distance an apparent diameter of 1/2 degree (means apparent diameter) is equal to the following actual diameters:
14.67 kilometers at 1681 km. distance
9.25 kilometers at 1091 kilometers distance

From the above it can be easily deduced that the object observed could not be a common terrestrial "flying saucer", some bright metal body illuminated by the sun.

These were more the deductions of Father [redacted], but since he is also the Director of the Vatican observatory and will versed in astrophysics, he mentioned to me in another letter that the bright green, blue, silver colors and the luminosity of the sphere is presumably due to the remarkable quantity of iron and nickel which many extraterrestrial bodies contain."

[Note: The document contains a standard disclaimer about reproduction and national defense information]


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: Air Attaché, Rome, Italy                REPORT NO.   IR-700-53
                                              PAGE    4    OF    5

THE MYSTERY OF THE LINE AND SPHERE SHAPED LUMINOSITY

    "Notwithstanding the numerous hypothesis which were advanced by the astronomer and myself in an attempt to explain such a phenomenon, none was entirely satisfactory. Still a quite remarkable hypothesis is that the cloud sphere, along its itinerary, presented to the sun alternately its surface entirely illuminated by the sun. Its dimensions were 1/7 of the sphere, that is two kilometers in breadth. This resulted in an unilatory motion, which was made necessary either by suspension stability or by some other equilibrium laws unknown to us."

PERSONAL REMARKS

(1) I must categorically affirm that the view of the sphere on my part was not casual, a small cloud, one cloud in a clean sky, which later on disappeared, was like a speaking signal to my attention. I dare not affirm - and it would be presumption on my part - that the sphere was occupied by non-human beings, no matter what they may be like.

(2) A luminosity which cannot even be compared with the brightness of full moon in a clear night such bright and vivid colors that cannot be found on earth. All this was a heavenly smile which inspired my soul with a joy and peace never felt before.

(3) I believe that privilege was not entirely intended for me. The phenomenon occurred in the Institute for War Orphans of the Sassari Brigade, the custodian of the first Reich's second liberation illustration from the hand of America, which is today the faithful custodian of it. I do not mean to get involved in politics, because I know nothing of it. I think, though, that this is a legitimate remark which reflects the psychology of history. America is based on freedom, freedom of thought, economic freedom, freedom of religion. In the connection, no other people in the world begins official ceremonies with the "Pater Noster" prayer reflection of God visiting and power of America de of its freedom from fear, fear of unemployment, fear of starvation. God put the destiny of the world in its hands. The oriental civilization collapsed, the sacred Roman Empire collapsed, the British hegemony was eclipsed; the cycle from East to West is terminating in America. The words Virgil wrote 2000 years ago, "Remember to rule the peoples with the authority of powers" be element to the humble and exhaust the arrogance of the superb" (Enside 6th book)

The basic scientific data are here below briefly summarized.

(1) the certainty that the sphere is not a human invention in view of its dimension and heavenly light.

(2) the secret - now disclosed - of the measuring system of such apparitions the aim, resulting from astonishing revelation, of closing a people as a rule to making, under the pretence of God.

(3) The following is to be added:

(1) I intend to transfer the secret and the property of this writing of mine to the American embassy, Office of the Air Force.

(2) What I requested in my letter addressed to my by Col. Anthony Mory on 3 July 1953, to which reference was made in a letter addressed to me by Col. Anthony Mory on 3 July 1953, was granted.

Note: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the espionage act...


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: Air Attaché, Rome, Italy                    REPORT NO.    IR-700-53
                                                   PAGE    5    OF    5    PAGES

to me, as a token of reward rather than as a compensation, for the benefit of
the Institute for War Orphans and E.N.A.L.L.I."

Prof. G.

Via _______ Sassari (Italy)
Sassari, 19 November 1953

***** *******
***

NOTE: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C.,
31 AND 32, AS AMENDED. ITS TRANSMISSION OR THE REVELATION OF ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER TO AN UNAUTHORIZED PERSON IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.

[Bottom of page marked "UNCLASSIFIED"]


- page 16 -

This Case Includes
one (1) Large Drawing.


- page 17 -

The text on this page is illegible. The image appears to be a black and white document with three white circular shapes of varying sizes vertically aligned, and two small white circular holes at the bottom of the page, likely for binding or filing purposes.


- page 18 -

