Here is the text from the document:

23/2103 LIST
24/0623.4

NORFOLK, MASS

Civilian men

2-5 Sec
1

Prison guards at Norfolk observed a slow moving greenish object moving south to a low altitude. Object was round and flat, up-peared to be tilted. Object was followed by a loud rushing noise.


- page 1 -

Page 4

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your
answer to Question 12:
a. Certain
b. Fairly sure

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent like a Shadow

14. Did the object at any time:
14.1 Change direction?
14.2 Change speed?
14.3 Change size?
14.4 Change color?
14.5 Break up into parts or
explode?
14.6 Give off smoke?
14.7 Change brightness?
14.8 Flicker, throb, or
pulsate?
14.9 Remain motionless?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know SAILED

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't know
15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? ____________

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
16.1 Sound     NONE
16.2 Color     Dark Shadow

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the
direction they were traveling.

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
_______________________________________________________


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One)
a. Pea
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk

f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other Circular Shadow

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? 200 feet.
20.2 How far was it from you? 200 feet or miles.
20.3 How fast was it going? SLOW TO 20 miles per hour, PICKED UP SPEED
20.4 Circle one of following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly
b. Gradually

c. Other seemed To go straight
d. Don't remember up at high speed

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

[A diagram is included with "Overhead", "200' from ground", "You", and "Horizon" labeled]


- page 3 -

Page 6

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

[Diagram showing a horizon line, with a semicircle representing the sky/overhead, and a stick figure labeled "You" at the bottom]

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

[Diagram showing a circular object with "A" and "B" markers and a horizontal line]

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Diagram showing an oval-shaped object with "S" and "N" markers indicating direction]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes or No

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Appeared to be a round dark shadow

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? Asst. Deputy Supt. Dept. of Correction
Age 51
Sex Male

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses: [redacted]

Norfolk, Mass.


- page 5 -

Page 8

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper, if necessary.

Officers were talking with me in front of our school bldg. at about the same time both shouted "What the hell is that?" They were facing west, I was facing east. I turned and seen a circular shadow sailing through the air not far above our building. 3 times" we ran to the corner of the school bldg. and watched the object until it got over the kitchen bldg. (located directly in the rear of school bldg. about 60 feet). Then it seemed to pick up great speed and go straight up in the air. The night was dark but the object seemed darker. It made no noise, to me the night seemed to get quieter as I watched the object.

Respectfully submitted


- page 6 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

Only 2 or 3 records.

239th
Norfolk, Mass.

AUG 28 1952

Mr. [redacted]
Wrentham, Massachusetts

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Your recent report of unidentified aerial phenomena has been received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center. Inclosed is a questionnaire, which, when completed by you and returned in the inclosed, self-addressed envelope, will aid in standardizing the data and will provide a complete record of the occurrence.

Your interest in reporting the matter and your public spirited desire to be of service are greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

ROBERT B. KENNEDY
Major, USAF
Air Adjutant General

2 Incls
a/s


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLAS SIFIED

M-OSI 24-151                                                  29 JUL 1952

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

SUBJECT: (Unclassified) UNKNOWN AIRCRAFT(S): 
           Sighting of Unconventional Aircraft,
           Norfolk, Mass., 2105 Hours, 23 Jul 52

TO:        Director of Special Investigations
           Headquarters USAF
           Washington 25, D. C.

SUMMARY:   On 24 July 1952, an unconventional aircraft was sighted
           by three (3) employees, Norfolk Prison Colony, Norfolk, Massachusetts.
           No activity or correlation developed that accounts for sightings. No inter-
           ception or identification action taken.

DETAILS:   At 0845 hours, 24 July 1952, Mrs. LAURA BERG, Secretary, Chief
           of Staff's Office, 1st 124th AAA, Boston Army Base, Boston, Mass., tele-
           phonically advised that a guard at Norfolk Prison Colony, Norfolk, Mass.,
           had observed an unconventional aircraft at approximately 2105 hours, 23 July
           1952. On 24 July 1952, Special Agent JOHN J. MCGILL, obtained the names
           of [redacted], assistant to army, [redacted] Correction Officers,
           Norfolk Prison Colony, so the persons who had sighted the unconventional aircraft.
           The observers were interviewed at their respective homes, which are [redacted].

           Interviews furnished the following information:

           a. Description of object: One (1) round, tilted object, 3 to 5 ft.
           in diameter, black in color, drifting along slowly, and which disappeared behind
           one of the buildings at the Colony. No propulsion system, or sound were noted.

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 18 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

IDOX 24-152

b. Object was sighted at approximately 2105 hours, EWT, 
23 July 1952, for approximately two to five seconds.

c. Object was sighted visually, no visual aids utilized.

d. Observers were at the Norfolk Prison Colony, Norfolk, 
Massachusetts at the time of the sighting. The object was flying north 
to south, approximately 50 to 225 feet away from the observers at an 
approximate altitude of 50 to 100 ft.

e. [Redacted] has been employed at the Norfolk Prison 
Colony for 21 years as a guard. [Redacted] has been employed at the 
Norfolk Prison Colony for approximately 2½ years, previously at 
Lawrence, Mass. In a recent interview and arrived with the U. S. Coast Guard for 
three years. [Redacted] has been employed at the Norfolk Prison 
Colony for approximately 2½ years, and served in the U. S. Navy for four 
years on a plant on a naval base.

f. Light wind from the south, dark night with no moon, but the 
stars were out.

g. No activity or condition, meteorological or otherwise, which 
might account for the sighting.

h. No physical evidence obtained.

i. No interception or identification action was taken. Boston 
Army Base notified at approximately 2120 hours, 23 July 1952.

ACTION:
Two (2) copies of this report have been forwarded to the Commanding 
General, Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, 
attention MCIS. No further action is contemplated by this District Office.

[Signature block]
Lt Col S. JONES
District Commander

cc: CG, AMC (Dep)
    Cmdg, ATIC (Info)

2

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 9 -

SECURITY INFORMATION

HEADQUARTERS
NEW ENGLAND SUBAREA
Army Base, Boston 10, Massachusetts

AMKB 452                                                                28 July 1952

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft

TO:   Commanding General
       First Army
       Governors Island
       New York 4, N. Y.
       ATTN: ACOFS, G2

1. In accordance with instructions contained in Intelligence
Collection Memorandum, Department of the Army, dated 3 November 1950,
the following information pertaining to the sighting of unconventional
aircraft is submitted:

LOCATION AND TIME OF SIGHTING:
Norfolk Prison Colony, Norfolk, Massachusetts 2105 Hours, 23 July 1952.

WEATHER:                                                 PHOTOS:
Clear Night - good visibility                            Not available

NUMBER:                                                  SHAPE:
One                                                      Round, flat pancake shaped
                                                         object, appeared to be tilted

SIZE:                                                    COLOR:
Unknown                                                  Greenish

SPEED:                                                   ALTITUDE:
Seemed Slow Moving                                       Very low over prison

DIRECTION:                                               SOUND:
Moving to South from the Prison                          Loud rushing noise followed

Page 1 of 2 Pages                                        11558

SECURITY INFORMATION
UNCLASSIFIED


- page 10 -

UNCLASSIFIED
SECURITY INFORMATION

AMKB 452 SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft HQ MES Boston, Mass.

NAMES, OCCUPATIONS AND ADDRESSES OF WITNESSES:
Names on request from Norfolk Prison Colony, Occupation: Guards at Colony.

2. The above information was reported via telephone to the Boston Office (OSI), to Headquarters First Army on 23 July 1952.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

s/t/ THEODORE SHEMINGTON, JR.
Major, AGC
Assistant Adjutant General

A TRUE COPY:

PETER B VERABLE
Major, USAF
Asst Chief Combat Intelligence

Page 2 of 2 Pages

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 11 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object:
1.1 Date: 23 July 1952
1.2 Time of Day: 9 10 A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One)
    a. Eastern    d. Pacific
    b. Central    e. Other
    c. Mountain
    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                   b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain    c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object:
    Postal Address: [Redacted]
    City or Town: Norfolk    State: Mass    U.S.
    Additional Remarks: Above address is the State Prison Colony

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
    (Circle One): a. Inside a building    d. In an airplane
                  b. In a car            e. At sea
                  c. Outdoors            f. Other

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                  b. In the residential section of a city?
                  c. In open countryside?
                  d. Flying near an airfield?
                  e. Flying over a city?
                  f. Flying over open country?
                  g. Other: Inside Prison Well's


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

4. How did you happen to notice the object? I was standing outside the school play with two other men. One of the others said "What is that?"

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
23      July      1952
Day     Month     Year

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? Talking with several officers

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
I was writing for the hqd count to come in of forming various prison duties.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes    or    No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One):   a. North         e. South
                b. Northeast     f. Southwest
                c. East          g. West
                d. Southeast     h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes   or   No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
(Circle One):   a. North         e. South
                b. Northeast     f. Southwest
                c. East          g. West
                d. Southeast     h. Northwest

Other were looking this way,

and called my attention to object


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

8.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North         g. South
               b. Northeast    f. Southwest
               c. East         g. West
               d. Southeast    h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question and preceding question (8 and 8.1).
    a. Certain         c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain  d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No

10. How was this object seen?
    (Circle One): a. Through window glass   e. Through theodolite
                  b. Through windshield     f. Through sunglasses
                  c. Through binoculars     g. Through open space
                  d. Through telescope      h. Other _________

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
     a. Clear sky         
     b. Hazy              
     c. Scattered clouds  
     d. Thick or heavy clouds
     e. Don't remember    

11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
     a. Dry
     b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
     c. Moderate or heavy rain
     d. Snow
     e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)
     a. No wind
     b. Slight breeze
     c. Strong wind
     d. Don't remember

11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
     a. Cold
     b. Cool
     c. Warm
     d. Hot
     e. Don't remember

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object?
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds


- page 14 -

