Here is the text I can read from the document:

5 civilians, 3 others

7 pts

Round, spinning object of a highly polished silver color, lowest over beach. Object small on sight. Moving long, circular tube, giving off pale red and green glow. Object moved to central position, then disappeared.

Some column headers are partially visible but not fully legible. The document appears to be a UFO sighting report form with various categorization columns on the left side of the page.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty due to handwriting, so I've transcribed as accurately as possible]

[Top of page has some illegible markings]

[First paragraph begins, partially legible:]
... to work with earth it seems you coming
... ... revolution ... of ... 
... no ... ... describe ... at ... 

[Subsequent paragraphs are handwritten and partially difficult to decipher, with some words and phrases clear:]

... possibly showing against last ... 
... station for ... its ... probably ... 

... would ... ... who ... 2nd ... 

... would slowly ... practically ... most distinctly
... all the light ... if ... 
... equally ... with ... we ... 
... at that time ... ... 

[Bottom of page has a black redaction/censored section]

[Overall, significant portions of the text are illegible or only partially readable due to handwriting and image quality]


- page 2 -

1- DATE OF OBSERVATION - TUES. JULY 1, 1952
2- DATE YOU REPORTED OBSERVATION - TUES. JULY 1, 1952
3- WHAT TIME WAS IT WHEN OBJECT SIGHTED - APPROX. 10 A.M.
4- LENGTH OF TIME OBJECT OBSERVED - 3 TO 5 MIN.
5- WHERE OBSERVED - FT. MONMOUTH, N.J. USA
6- WHERE WERE YOU AT TIME OF OBSERVATION - OUTDOORS RADAR ROOM
7- WERE YOU MOVING AT TIME OF SIGHTING - NO

10- HOW WAS OBJECT OBSERVED - NAKED EYE
11- HOW DID YOU HAPPEN TO NOTICE OBJECT:
    WAS OBSERVING SKY FOR PLANES WHEN
    I SIGHTED THE OBJECT
12- DESCRIBE WHAT YOU SAW AS BRIEFLY AS POSSIBLE
    A- SOUND - NONE
    B- COLOR - BRIGHT SIMILAR TO A STAR-REFLECTING METAL
    C- SHAPE - APPEARED ROUND
    D- SIZE - SLIGHTLY SMALLER THAN DIME
    E- NUMBER - ONE
    F- LIGHT BRIGHTNESS - REFLECTING WHITE METAL
    G- LIGHT COLOR - YES
    H- MOTION - WHEN IT MOVED TOOK 3-4 IN STRAIGHT
             LINE


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

I. SPEED- MY ESTIMATE. APPROX. 1000 M.P.H.
   IT DISAPPEARED IN A MATTER OF SECONDS
   ONCE IT TOOK OFF.

13. HOW DID OBJECT DISAPPEAR- SUDDENLY

14. AT ANY TIME DID OBJECT CHANGE
    A. DIRECTION- NO
    B. CHANGE SPEED- FROM STATIONARY POSITION TO
                     A GREAT SPEED
    C. MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING- NO
    D. BLEND WITH BACKGROUND- SLIGHTLY
    E. DECREASE IN SIZE- ONLY AS IT MOVED OUT IN
                         RANGE
    F. DECREASE IN BRIGHTNESS- ONLY AS IT LEFT MY
                                LINE OF SIGHT

    G. MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING- NO

15. WHEN YOU FIRST SIGHTED OBJECT WHAT
    DIRECTION WERE YOU FACING- I WAS LOOKING
    STRAIGHT UP

16. WHEN YOU LAST SAW THE OBJECT WHAT DIRECTION
    WERE YOU FACING- SOUTH


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

12. ON THE FOLLOWING SKETCH A DRAWING FROM
THE OBSERVERS EYE TO THE CIRCULAR ARC TO
SHOW THE APPARENT ELEVATION OF THE
OBJECT IN THE SKY

A-WHEN FIRST SEEN-ABLE-A
B-WHEN LAST SEEN LABLE B

[Diagram with labels "OBSERVERS EYE", "HORIZON", "SOUTH"]

16. ON THE FOLLOWING SKETCH IS LABEL A AT THE
APPARENT POSITION OF THE OBJECT WHEN FIRST
SEEN AND B AT POINT LAST SEEN. TRACE THE
APPARENT PATH OF THE OBJECT BETWEEN POINTS
A AND B IF POSSIBLE LABEL A03, ETC. ALONG THE
TRACED PATH USING THE SUCCESSIVE POSITIONS OF
THE OBJECT AS IT MOVED DURING THE SUCCESSIVE
PERIODS OF TIME DURING THE SIGHTING.

[Diagram with labels "OVER HEAD", "OBSERVERS EYE", "HORIZON"]

17. SKETCH C SHOW THE OBSERVED PICTURES OF THE
OBJECT
APPARENT SHAPE - SOUND
NO EXHAUST TRAIL
GREAT SPEED
ABILITY TO STAND STILL IN SPACE
FLYING AT A GREAT HEIGHT 30,000 TO 40,000 FT.


- page 5 -

THE SUN AND MOON ARE SHOWN AS THEY APPEAR IN THEIR CORRECT RELATIVE SIZE (IN THIS SKETCH 2.) SHOWN THE APPARENT SIZE OF WHAT WAS SEEN.

OBJECT SIGHTED:

SKETCH D

1. IN YOUR OWN WORDS DESCRIBE THE SIGHTING YOU OBSERVED. USE SKETCHES IF DESIRED. ALL OBSERVATIONS FROM THE TIME OF FIRST SIGHTING TO TIME OF DISAPPEARANCE ARE IMPORTANT INCLUDING DESCRIPTION OF THE WEATHER, WIND AND CLOUD CONDITIONS AT THE TIME OF SIGHTING.

FIRST SIGHTED AS A STATIONARY OBJECT DIRECTLY OVERHEAD - MY FIRST THOUGHT WAS THAT IT WAS A STAR. SINCE THE DAY WAS BRIGHT CLEAR, NO CLOUD FORMATIONS DISCOVERED THE POSSIBILITY AFTER A VERY SHORT TIME OF OBSERVATION. I WATCHED IT MOVE OFF TO THE SOUTHERN DIRECTION AT A TREMENDOUS SPEED.

12. FULL NAME - [REDACTED]
13. PRESENT ADDRESS - [REDACTED]
14. OCCUPATION - ARMY SIGNAL CORPS STUDENT
15. LAST SCHOOL ATTENDED - PERSONS 48 - SURELY
16. YEAR OF OCCURRENCE AT THIS SCHOOL - 1449
17. [REDACTED]

FURTHERS COMMENTS ENTERED HERE.
I HAVE 20-20 VISION


- page 6 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS DATA SHEET

Where Choice is Given, Circle Proper
Answers or Insert Answer

1. Date of your observation:    1    July    1952
   Day   Month    Year

2. Date you reported the observation:    1    July    1952
   Day   Month    Year

3. What time was it when you sighted the object:    8:40    10
   Hours   Minutes
   A.M.  P.M.  Daylight  Standard    AM
   Zone: Eastern, Central, Mountain, Pacific,    Eastern

4. Length of time object was observed. Estimate:    3    Minutes    Seconds

5. Where observed:    Tittenworth    Eastburn    New Jersey    U.S.
   Postal Address    City or Town    State    Country

6. Where were you at time of observation:
   Inside building, In Car, Outdoors,    outdoors
   Other

7. Were you moving at any time during this sighting:    no
   Yes or No

8. Did you stop at any time during this sighting:
   Yes or No

9. If you were moving - give    Direction    and    miles per hour
   Speed

10. How was object observed:
    Naked eye
    Eye glasses
    Other glass (Window or Windshield)
    Binoculars, Telescope, Theodolite
    Other    naked eye

11. How did you happen to notice the object:    to notice the object
    while observing jet plane formations


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

12. Describe what you saw as briefly as possible in the following spaces:
    a. Sound: none
    b. Shape: round
    c. Color: silver
    d. Size: a little over the size of a star
    e. Number: a) 1   b) 2
    f. Light brightness: was bright (less than the sun)
    g. Light color: some of approximately normal light
    h. Motion: a) motionless   b) moving
    i. Speed: could not estimate
    j. Other: accelerating, out-blasting

13. How did object disappear from view? Suddenly or (Gradually)
    Circle One

14. At any time did the object:
    a. Change direction: slightly   b. Change speed: yes
    c. Move behind something: Cloud, House, Tree, no   d. Blend with background: no
    e. Decrease in size: yes   f. Decrease in brightness: no   g. Move in front of something: no

15. When you first looked at the object, what direction were you facing? straight up

16. When you last saw the object, what direction were you facing? [blank]

17. In the following Sketch A, draw lines from the observer's eye to the circular arc to show the apparent elevation of the object in the sky.
    A. When first seen, label a.
    B. When last seen, label b.

    [A diagram labeled "SKETCH A" shows an arc representing the sky, with an observer's eye and horizon line]


- page 8 -

-3-

18. On the following Sketch B, label a at the apparent position of the object when first seen and b at point last seen. Trace the apparent path of the object between points a and b.

If possible label 1, 2, 3, etc., along the traced path to show the successive positions of the object after equal intervals of time during the sighting.

19. In Sketch C please show the observed features of the object such as:

A. Apparent shape, (were edges pointed or rounded),

B. Apparent direction of motion (show by arrow), and

C. Other details, exhaust, trails, tails, surfaces, etc. none.

I could not tell what the edges were like, it looked very clean, sharp like.
A starting point

20. The sun and the moon are shown below as they appear in their correct relative size. In this sketch D, show the apparent size of what you saw.

SUN    OBJECT    MOON

[Sketches of circles representing the sun, object, and moon in relative sizes]

SKETCH B
SKETCH C
SKETCH D


- page 9 -

21. In your own words please describe the sighting you observed. Use sketches if desired. All observations from the time of first sighting to the time of disappearance are important. Include a description of the weather, wind, and cloud conditions at the time of this sighting.

See attached description.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

-5-

22. Your full name:
23. Your address: CQ 21. STR. F. Monmouth New Jersey
24. Your occupation: Electronic technician.
25. Last school you attended: Ecole Centrale de T.S.F. (Europe)
26. Year of last attendance at this school: 1946
27. Please list the names and addresses of persons who discussed this sighting with you. It is not necessary to list the names of officials or investigators.

28. Further comments which you believe are important should be entered here.
Use additional sheets of the same size if necessary.


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

1- Date of first observation: 1 July 1952
2- Date of last observation: 1 July 1952
3- What time of night object first sighted: about 1900 hours
daylight in the area

4- Length of time object was viewed: about 1/2 min
5- What observed: Fort Monmouth, N.J. 1 Sgt.
6- Illus. attached, form 164 flight sheet

7- Where you were at time of observation: on post
8- Did you stop at once: were this object, yes entered
9- If you were moving again: better, except optical focus

10- How was the object described: small and hoverable
11- How did you happen to see the object: Linears
moving at stop

12- Possible to give as briefly as possible the
following specs:

a- color, white         d- shape, could not determine
b- color, white         e- number, about 10
c- number, about 10     f- light, glittery, bright height
d- light color, yes     h- motion, slight
e- speed, very fast     i- other, none


- page 12 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

5.

20. Most address:

21. Except then, relation (Rela...)

22. Last year of attitude on

23. Knows who discovered of the visit...

24. Rn.                 Rn.
    CO. 15             CO. ?
    Ft. Myer with      Ft. Myer with

25.                    Rn.
    Ft. Myer with      Ft. Myer with

28. Further service to of importance,
    The last report - significant in side after
    the first worked very much like at left... we
    later in the day... many of these such as
    condition shows they followed. The same way
    such good planning for the work. Whenever does
    enter that is what if done with our authority.

Some words and sections are partially illegible or blacked out. The text appears to be part of a report with multiple sections and references to locations like "Ft. Myer".


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

13- How did aircraft disappear from our (Radar) screen

14- What time did this happen

15- Change altitude, and speed and

16- This method was thing, building or plane with background

17- P. Darrow in office, and P. Darrow in flight then

18- Then in front of something at the same H. Thur, more

19- Height of flight and of the object

20- When you first saw the west

21- When you last saw at the object, what distance was

22- You facing, and it was west

23- In the following article, show his plane from the observer's

24- eye to the vehicle, and show the apparent elevation of

25- the object in the sky

26- With flight area 2

27- When last saw it

Strictly marked

[A small hand-drawn diagram is also present at the bottom of the page, but as instructed, I will not describe its details.]


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

19. On the following details b
still a art the apparent position of the object in the
first scene and b of point last scene
trace the apparent path of the object between points
a and b. If possible still to long the
time path to show the successive position of the object
of its equal motion of time during night.

[Diagram of a half-circle with markings]

horizon    observer   bearing
of

19. In stills c please show the several features of
the object such as:
A. Apparent shape (area edges points, round)
B. Apparent location of motion (color by variance) and
C. Other details, apparent trails, lines, surfaces, etc.

[Diagram of a circle with arrows]


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

20- The main person on this view is below
apparent on this west white ago. In all stated
20- the to apparent signs of what upon some-

SUN MOON

21- Line figure on west side place describe the suggestion you
should. The territory of their's. all information
from the time out the first is getting to the survey area
an important. Possible a description of the method
used and closed conditions at this time of the
sighting

While the noted sign down there white objects
hard back and forth are in slightly position. Note
the binoculars I got to check view and they seemed
to have this in their. Matter was busy using
something, using from a bottle.

22- Your full name
23- Your present or place addressed
24- Your age
25- Your occupation
26- Last school you attended

Some text is partially illegible or difficult to read with complete certainty.


- page 16 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

26- just a last attendance on this school 10:49

27- just his master and addressing of person who

deal with the supply write four. If not necessary

to list to... of specified in ministry two

of joint company 78:04

28- Further committee which you believe me
important. Shall b. write to him. Please.

Note: There is a black redaction/censorship bar in the middle of the document, and some words are partially illegible or difficult to read with complete certainty.


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. Date of Observation: 1 July 1952
2. Date Reported Observation: 2 July 1952
3. Time Object Sighted: 0 1500 hrs. (PM), Zone: Eastern,
4. Length of Time Objects Were Observed. Estimate: 2 hr.
5. Where Observed: Forked Mouth, New Jersey, U.S.A.
6. Where Were You at Time of Observation: Outdoors
7. Were You Moving at Time of Sighting? No.
8. Did You Stop at Any Time During This Sighting? -
9. If You Were Moving Give Direction: S.E.O.
10. How Was Object Observed: Naked Eye, Sunglasses, Binoculars.
11. How Did You Happen to Notice the Object? Glanced to My Attention By
Others Observing at Time
12. Describe What You Saw as Briefly as Possible in the Following Space:
    A. Sound - None
    B. Shape: Apparently Round
    C. Color - Apparently White or Grayish
    D. Size: Small, Approximately
    E. Number - Numerous
    F. Light Brightness: Bright
    G. Light Color: Apparently Opaque
    H. Motion - Erratic
    I. Speed - Extremely Fast (Appeared to Stop or Go)
    J. Other - None
13. How Did Object Disappear From View: Suddenly
14. At Any Time Did Object:
    A. Change Direction (Yes)
    B. Change Speed (Yes)
    C. Move Behind Something (Yes)
    D. Blend WITH Background (Partly)
    E. Decrease in Size (No)
    (Partly)


- page 18 -

F. DECREASE IN BEARINGS (-NO)

G. MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING (-YES)

H. OTHER: OBJECT SEEMED TO MOVE AROUND THE SUN

15. WHEN YOU FIRST LOOKED AT OBJECT, WHAT DIRECTION WERE YOU FACING: NORTH

16. WHEN YOU LAST SAW THIS OBJECT, WHAT DIRECTION WERE YOU FACING: NORTH

17. DO THE FOLLOWING SKETCH DESCRIBE WHAT YOU SAW:
    Sketch line from
    To show large path
    Circular arc, to show the
    apparent trajectory

    [Two sketches labeled "Sketch-A" and "Sketch-B" showing semicircular paths]

18. IN THE FOLLOWING SKETCH B, LABEL A AT THE APPARENT POSITION OF THE OBJECT WHEN
    FIRST SEEN AND B AT POINT LAST SEEN. THESE TWO APPARENT PATHS OF THE OBJECT
    BETWEEN POINTS A AND B. IF POSSIBLE CALL 1, 2, 3, ETC., ALONG THE TRACED PATH AFTER
    THE SUCCESSIVE POSITIONS OF THE OBJECT AFTER SIGNAL INDICATED; BEING DURING THE
    TRAJECTORY.

    [A second semicircular sketch labeled "Sketch-B" with points labeled]


- page 19 -

Cloudless sky. After about an hour of observing then objects my attention waned and I returned to work.

22. Full Name: [REDACTED]

23. Present Complete Address: C/o Hq 750, T.S.U., Ft. Monmouth, New Jersey, USA.

24. Occupation: Soldier, Student.

25. School: Radar Division, Air Signal School, Ft. Monmouth, New Jersey.

26. Last Year Attended: Recently attending.

27. Names + Addresses of Persons with Whom + Discussed This Incident: [REDACTED]

28. Further Comments: Close.


- page 20 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

19. In photo C, show observed features of the object such as:
A. Apparent shape
B. Apparent direction of motion
C. Other details

(Objects sighted were of such
great distance that no details
of features were able to be shown.
The object apparently was as round)

Sketch C

20. The sun and the moon are shown below as they appear in their actual relative size. In Sketch D, show the apparent size of what you saw.

[Three hand-drawn circles labeled: Sun, Object, Moon]

21. In own words, describe sighting observed, using details of desired. All variations from the time of first sighting to the time of disappearance are important. Include a description of the weather, wind, and cloud conditions.

On the afternoon of 1 July 1952 at about 1500 hrs. my attention was called to a group of objects moving about the sky in formation at a considerable scale of speed. Paths were very erratic and previously observed in fighter three objects change direction, change formation, and motions appeared to pass back in line again. When observed through an 8x telescope, there was no change except that the objects passed slightly larger. The afternoon was a hot, windy, and


- page 21 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

1. Kts of your observation.                1 July 1952
2. Kts of you reported observation         1 July 1952
3. What time was it when you sighted object 1:30 PM EASTERN
4. Length of time object was observed.      SEEN ALL AFTERNOON
5. Where observed                           Thru Monmouth, Dirs going
6. Where were you at time of observation    Outdoors
7. Were you moving at any time during sighting NO
8.
9.
10. How was object observed                 Binoculars
11. How did you happen to notice the object  By ground
    watching
12. Describe what you saw at Roughly as possible
    A. Sound - NONE                         B. Shape - Normal
    C. Color - Silver                       D. Size - Visible
    E. Number - 50                          F. Height-Brightness, sun quite place
    G. Light or fire                        H. Motion - Straight lines
    I. Spoke would, some faster than jets   J.
    13. How did object disappear from view   Wandering
    14. If self-propelled                   This the object
    15. A. change direction NO(C) change speed NO(C) the object
    16. B. Hover NO(D) & move with background YES(E) decrease
    17. Brightness YES(F) DECREASE IN BRIGHTNESS NO(G) MOVE IN
    POINT OF SOMETHING NO                   (H) KNOW


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

15. When you first looked at object what-
time was more open facing? South west.

16. When you first saw object where
were you facing? South west.

17. In the following sketch (A) show height
from observer eyes to the elevation of
the ... from the ground elevation of the
object in the sky.

[Sketch A is drawn, labeled with points A and B, and annotated "EYE SKETCH A"]

18. On the following sketch B. locate at what
point B. of point where object was first seen.
Draw the point wall of object between point A and B.

[Sketch B is drawn, showing a semicircle with points A and B, labeled "EYE"]

19. In sketch C. show who shows the point
of the object with its apparent shape, some
apparent direction of motion. Point of motion
by apparent direction of motion by what

[Bottom of text is partially cut off]


- page 23 -

Tentative Observers Data Sheet

1. Date of your observation: 1 July 1952
2. Date you reported the observation: 1 July 1952
3. What time was it when you sighted the object: 1206 EPST
4. Length of time object was observed, Estimated: 30 Sec.
5. Where Observed: Fort MacArthur Proving Ground, U.S.A.
6. Where were you at time of observation: Outside
7. Were you moving at any time during this sighting: NO.
8. Did you stop at any time during this sighting:
9. If you were moving give direction & speed miles per hour:
10. How was object observed: Noted eye
11. How did you happen to notice the object: I was out-door telling to some men when
    of it. saw this object. Was mystified, I did it instantly.
12. Describe what you saw as briefly as possible in the following spaces:

A. Size - more     B. Shape round
C. Color - light silver     some - smaller than a
D. Number - one (1)     prop. plane, well
E. Light brightness - bright     6. Light color - dull silver
H. Motion - IT was wobbled and traveled


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

(cont.)

11. Other details of hunt - trails, trails
    over pasture, etc.

    At apparent true circle
    line.

20. The sun and upon are shown below to apply
    apparent size shape cannot figure what
    then the apparent size of what you saw.

    OBJECT
    SKETCH D

21. In any opinion the object could have gone
    into the sky or the sun in a west and downward
    direction. If first a row not in place since
    then + show a large formation with oval
    at seen to have definite pattern.
    They all invisible at the same apparent
    size description and position to change
    to other shape distance apart. They not
    clear, weather fine.

The document also contains three hand-drawn circles labeled "WEST", "SUN", "OBJECT", and "MOON" in a sketch labeled "SKETCH D".


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

22. NAME: [REDACTED]

23. Address: [Partially illegible, appears to be a location]

24. Occupation: Radar Technician

25. Left school within last year. Passed school. At Midwest 1952

26. Public sighted after seven aged coincides of

27. [Partially illegible text]

28. NONE-

Note: Some parts of the text are difficult to read or are partially obscured, so I've noted those areas accordingly.


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. Date of observation - 4 July 1952
2. Date - report observation - 1 July 1952
3. Time with object sighted - 1400 hrs - 1500
4. Length of time object was observed - 1 hr. approx.
5. Where observed - Port Monmouth, New Jersey, U.S.A.
6. Where were you at time of observation - outdoors
7. Were you moving at any time while in sight - No
8. Did you stop at any time during the sighting - Yes (tiny)
9. Manner speed - slight movement
10. How was object observed - Sighted object
11. How did you happen to notice the object - noticed
12. Describe what you saw - as briefly as possible here:

A. Speed - none
B. Shape & ground
C. Color - luminous
D. Size - slight at great distance
E. Number - none
F. Flight or path - very slight
G. Relative motion - other objects or wind
H. Altitude - above or below clouds
I. Speed - slight to stop samples of near

13. How did object disappear from view - suddenly
14. At any time did the object
A. Change direction - only slightly
B. Change speed - 
C. Spin or tumble - No


- page 27 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

D. Parallel circle - No. E. St.
17. Increase or brightness - No. G. Move in point of
something - No.

15. Will you first locate out of jet at last direction were
you facing - Statement.

16. Will you last know the object what direction were
you facing - Statement.

17. Yellow or white how description of object in sky:
A. White first seen
B. When last seen

18. Showing disk B (a) apparent size at arm's length (B)
of you that was - Trace apparent path (a) (B)

19. Pitch C. Show amount pattern of the sky at work way:
A. Apparent shape
B. Apparent direction of motion
C. Other details

20. The you remove are show follow as this appears in this
most relative sign. In which D. when to apparent way of what

21. On can any make close of what is known - Will remain to
be covered by an explanation of the sky. Weather conditions in
rain, weather, actually no wind + you will find more details (last)

26. 1952
23. [Blacked out]
24. Tiber Siderski
25. Trader School

27. B. Inquiry or discussion - 
Unknown - Other Trader Students.
35. None


- page 28 -

Tentative Observers Data Sheet

1. Date of your observations: 1 July 52
2. Date you reported observations: 1 July 52
3. What time was it when you sighted objects:
14:30 hrs eastern daylight savings (2:30 PM)

4. Length of time object was observed-estimate: 1/2 hour.
(many were observed during this half hour for periods of several seconds)

5. Where observed - Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, USA
6. Where were you at time of observation - outside
7. Were you moving at any time during this sighting - No
8. Did you stop at any time during this sighting - 
9. If you were moving - give direction and speed MPH
10. How was object observed - by naked eyes and 2:50 binoculars

11. How did you happen to notice object - my attention was called to it by several friends

12. Describe what you saw as briefly as possible below:
A. Sound - none
B. Shape indistinct, but apparently round
C. Color bright white
D. Size impossible to tell/small (size or maybe 20 ft)
E. Number 15 to 20
F. Light brightness very bright
G. Light color white
H. Motion curved, in NW direction
I. Speed could be as fast or faster than jet plane
J. Other: Brightness varied sharply at times
K.


- page 29 -

Temotive Observers Data Sheet

13. How did object disappear from view:- Quickly

14. At any time did the object
    A. Change direction - yes    B. Change speed - yes
    C. Move behind something, cloud, house, tree - no
    D. Blend with background - no    E. Decrease in size - no
    F. Decrease in brightness - no    G. Move in front of something - no
    H. Other - relative brightness changed abruptly
             at certain times

15. When you first looked at object, what direction
    were you facing. toward sun (south) + followed object
    west + north of sun

16. When you last saw object, what direction
    were you facing. West.

17. In the following Sketch A. draw lines
    from the observers eye to the circular arc to
    show the apparent elevation of the object in the
    sky.

    A. When first seen label a.
    B. When last seen label b.

[The document also includes a hand-drawn sketch at the bottom right showing an arc with labels for the observer's eye, sun, and object trajectory]


- page 30 -

Tentative Observers Data Sheet

18. On the following Sketch B, 
label a at the apparent position 
of the object when first seen, and b 
at point last seen. Trace the apparent 
path of the object between points a-b. 
If possible, label 1, 2, 3 etc along the trace 
path to show the successive positions 
after equal intervals of time during sighting.

19. In sketch C show the observed 
features of the object such as:
A. Apparent shape: (were edges pointed or round)
B. Apparent direction of motion (show by arrow)
C. Other details; exact trails, path etc.

20. The Sun and moon are shown below as they appear 
in their correct relative size. In this sketch D, show 
the apparent size of what you saw.

[The document includes several hand-drawn sketches:
- A semicircular sketch labeled "Sketch B" showing an object's path
- A sketch labeled "Sketch D" showing the Sun and Moon with a small additional object, labeled "two different type object"]


- page 31 -

Tentative Observers Data Sheet

21. In your own words please describe the sighting you observed. Use sketches if desired. All observations from time of first sighting are important. Include a description of cloud, wind & weather conditions at the time of sighting.

The objects appeared first from quite near the sun. The movement in sort of a regular motion, down and west from the sun for about an azimuth of 30° or so after. They appeared to come in the space of a minute or two, and once several definitely changed brightness very quickly. One was observed for a period of 30 seconds with the 7.50 binoculars, and moved due west to an alt. of 50° and then disappeared. Through the glasses, the shape appeared as roundish with fuzzy points as shown in sketch C. The sky was cloudless, with bright sun & very little surface wind.

22. [Blacked out]

23. Your present complete address: 8th Student Co. Fort Monmouth, N.J.

24. Occupation - Soldier U.S. Army - Signal Corps Radar.

25. Signal School, (Radar Division) Ft. Monmouth

26. Year of attendance - 1952

27. Names of persons who discussed sighting with you: [Blacked out]

28. Further comments considered important.
I have never observed such objects as these before, even, during considerable amateur astronomy observing.


- page 32 -

Sighting Observation Data Sheet

1. Date of your observation: 19 July 1952

2. Date you reported the observation - 1 July 1952

3. What time was it when you sighted the object? 1903 hours

4. Length of time object was observed - approx. one hour

5. Where observed - Sgt. Monmouth, NJ, USA

6. Where were you at time of observation - outside

7. Were you moving at any time during the sighting - no

8. Did you stop at any time during the sighting - yes

9. [Blank]

10. Show was object observed - naked eye and binoculars

11. How did you happen to notice the object - watching others looking into the sky brought it to my attention

12. Describe what you saw as briefly as possible in the following spaces:

a) Sound - none
b) color - bright
c) number - from 6-8
d) light color - yes
e) speed - very fast

f) shape - circular
g) size - could not determine
h) light brightness - very bright
i) motion - circular
j) other information

13) How did the object disappear from view - suddenly or gradually

14) At any time did the object a) Change direction - yes
    b) change speed - yes
    c) move behind something - no, just
    continue follow two well with naked eye d) blend with
    background - yes, lost view of it e) Decrease in size - no


- page 33 -

Here is the text from the document:

c) Decrease in brightness - in brilliancy, etc. because with naked eye, vision is either poor when gazing a speed c) More in front of something - seen. d) Other - no additional comment

15 When you first looked at the object what direction were you facing - south west

16 When you last saw the object what direction were you facing - northwest

17 In the following sketch A, draw lines from the observer's eye to the circular arc, to show the apparent direction of the object in the sky.

A When first seen level A
8 When last seen level B
                Directly
                Overhead
                10

[Sketch A diagram with labels: "observers eye", "Horizon", "Sketch A"]

18 On the following Sketch B, label 2 at the apparent position of the object when first seen and 6 at point last seen. Trace the apparent path of the object between points A & B.

If possible label 1,2,3, etc. along the traced path B to show the successive position of the object after equal intervals of time during the sighting.

[Sketch B diagram with labels: "observers eye", "Horizon", "Sketch B"]


- page 34 -

Here is the text from the document:

at a very high speed toward the south
(seemingly turning toward the south west)
*- speed - three or four times faster than
any jet plane I ever saw

How did cloud disappear view: gradually
At any time did the object:
A. change direction: yes B. change speed: no
C. move behind something: A telephone pole
& building D. seen with background: yes
E. Decrease in size: yes F. Seem to remain
Brightness: yes G. Move in front of
something: H. IT looked like a
a table tennis ball at a large
distant away
When looking at the object, what
direction were you facing? up & south
Where were you when the best that direction
where you saw it: a little west of south.


- page 35 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

7 19 Sketch C of the observed
flattens of
A - Opposite charge (will differ, parallel,
or anti-parallel)
B - Opposite direction of motion (shown
by arrows)
C - Other details, almost finally, nil,
surface, etc.

20 The sun and moon are shown below as they appear
in their correct relative size. In this sketch D, show
the apparent size of what you saw

[Sketch D shows three circles labeled "Sun", "Object", and "Moon"]

21 In your own words, please describe the sighting you
should. Use a sketch if desired. All observations from the
time of first sighting to the time of disappearance are important.
Include a description of the weather, wind and cloud
conditions at the time of the sighting.
With the naked eye, all that could be observed was
that they were bright just one with binoculars they seemed
to have tails.


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the document:

32. your full name:

33. 7th STUDENT CO. 3404 TSU - NY COMPLETE ADDRESS

34. Year reception - soldier (Radar Student)

35. Last school you attended - American Radio Institute

36. Year of last attendance at this school 1949-50

37. Please list names and addresses of persons who discussed this sighting with you. It is not necessary that these names of officials or investigators.

[Locations/names are blacked out]

38. In Wantagh, L.I.

39. State comments which you believe are important should be entered here.

To additional information.


- page 37 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

1 July 1952

1 July 1952
1430 hrs. 35° 20' N. 25° 30' E. BST

Attn: J. Watt

To: ATIC Dayton

Subject: Continuing

No

Sighted on Bomber on 500 ft. Lyneham

With visual

Intern. Morse, etc. over Benghazi -

To summarize briefly on long range object light over the approx.

100 m. a/c; briefly what it was at

night of 29/30 June 1952. Seems you may have some

actual info. of ground contact (close up) direct evidence

with flying saucer connection. Preliminary investigation;

with two straight lines. Indications to indicate

to fill in light investigation - close contact pattern.

in the clear with clear ground of person in Benghazi and

with will to look forward document in view to x-ray

"age" that experienced same or light pattern.


- page 38 -

The text on this page is handwritten and somewhat faint. While I can see that text exists, much of it is difficult to read with complete certainty. Some words and phrases are legible, but a full transcription would require careful examination. The document appears to be a handwritten report or letter on lined paper, with text spanning multiple lines from top to bottom of the page.


- page 39 -

Here is the text from the document:

(10) first fixed west, then to - with west
(11) west

(15) [A hand-drawn diagram with angles and lines]

(16) a little of shape G curve

(20) Sun [with a hand-drawn circle and a dot]

(21) At the time of observation he only was there no other activity
[The rest of the text on this line and subsequent lines is partially illegible due to image quality]

The document contains several hand-drawn diagrams and sketches, including geometric shapes and a circle representing the sun. The text appears to be part of an observational report with numbered sections and some technical or scientific notation.


- page 40 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

(22)

(20) RCA Institutes Inc. N.Y.C., N.Y.

(25) 1977

(26) Ethel Dimock (Librarian, Americana Collection)
     seated by the desk

There is a black redaction/censorship bar at the top of the document. The top left has a handwritten "(22)" notation. The bottom right appears to have some partially illegible text.


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. Date of your observation: July fifteen years

2. Date you reported the sighting: July twenty years

3. What time sighted object: 1500 hours 15 minutes

4. Long the of time object observed: 10 minutes

5. Where observed: Portsmouth, N.J.

6. Witness on your at time observation: Outside

7. Were you morning at any time during this night: 1150

8. Did you sighted any while during this night:

9. If spring of an altitude:

10. How was object observed: Naked eye

11. How did you happen to see the object: Attention

12. Describe what object you saw:
    a. Size - somewhat
    b. Color - Slightly as brightened
    c. Shape - Circular
    d. Size - looked very small distance of altitude
    e. Number - 3
    f. Light - bright as sun shining off a plane
    g. Light color - white
    h. Motion - circular motion
    i. Speed - faster than jet
    j. Other -


- page 42 -

13. How did object disappear? (view)

14. At any time orbit the object:
    15. Change direction yes
    B. Change
    C. Move behind something No.
    D. Blent with background yes sometimes
    F. Decrease in size no.
    F. Decrease in brightness yes
    G. Move in or out of something else
    H. Other movement near the sun

15. When you first looked at object, what
    Direction were you facing South west.

16. Directly overhead some and went for
    another.

17. Able to show apparent elevation when first
    seen.

[The image also contains two hand-drawn diagrams labeled "A. when first seen" and "B. when last seen", which appear to be partial arc or semicircle shapes.]


- page 43 -

Here is the text from the document:

C                 2 C

18. On the following sketch be careful to explain the position of the object when first seen apparent position of the object when first seen point to point where seen. I was able to represent point of the object in three points at 17 hrs.

If you look at sketch 32, a. the along the traced path to show the successive positions by the object after the signal entered into time having the 10 hrs. point

[A hand-drawn diagram of a semicircle with some lines is present]

19. In sketch C, please show the apparent features of the object such as: a. apparent shape, b. apparent direction of motion, c. other details additional. Sketch shows surface etc.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a curved line with a circle is present]


- page 44 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

3

20. The sun and moon are shown clear
as they appear in their correct relative
size? In this which D. shows the apparent
size of what you want.

[A hand-drawn diagram shows two circles labeled "Sun" and "Moon"]

21. I am your own words if you describe the
lighting you observed. Use schedule of
standard. All observations from the time of
first sighting to the time of disappearance
are important. I include details from the
weather wind, and cloud conditions at the
time of this sighting.

I have sight about half way from the
horizon to the sun and it was in a wavy
motion. Toward the sun then disappeared as
it approached. The sun, as if it rolled up and
went bright up out of view. Observed at for
about 8 minutes. There was very little wind
and visibility very good, very few clouds. Object
was small and light in appearance.


- page 45 -

Here is the text from the document:

31

Do the following stetch, by draw line from the observer eye in the citcles arc in the apparent direction of the object in the sky.

overheard

A                 B
observer's eye    Hunter

Sketch A

overheard

A                 B
observer's eye    Horizon

Sketch B

10. do sketch, please show the observed features of the object such as:
A apparent shape.
B apparent shape.
C other details.

Sketch C


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

22. Name [REDACTED]
23. 8 TH Shands Co. 9404 756 F X.
    Monmouth N. J.
24. U.S. Army Index Reprogram Student
25. Last School attended - Radio Repair
    Corp. Cleveland - Georgia
26. Years of last attendance at this school
    1952.
27. List names and addresses of persons who
    discuss this anything with you.
    No one.


- page 47 -

Tentative Occurrence Data Sheet

1. Date of Observation: 1 July 1952
2. Date Reported Observation: 1 July 1952
3. Time Sighted Object: 19:30 P.M. Eastern Daylight
4. Length of Time & Sighted Object - during break for ten minutes
5. Observed: Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, U.S.A.
6. I was outside during time of observation
7. I was not moving during any time of observation
8. I did stop briefly for observation
9. [Line 9 is blank]
10. Object was observed with naked eyes and high power binoculars
11. I happened to notice the object when I heard that a plane was low. I looked very peculiar characteristics of object which were moving faster in large than any jet plane. I also saw other students looking through binoculars at object

12. A few details:
    a. [No text for this subsection]
    b. Oval in shape
    c. Pale tail silver in light and then reflection disappeared with object
    d. About one eye on field of view angle height
    e. Seen at brief time
    f. Cowell silver reflection, similar to the reflected light


- page 48 -

Here is the text from the document:

from fail reflective need in photo taking to eliminate shadow when taking outdoor pictures (using the source of light)

6. Sight color and size.

7. They were moving at a fast constant speed all being in the same direction.

8. Each were at least five to ten times as fast a speed at that height.

9. Half a halo, silver edge and a hollow on halo (no light reflected from center light) bottom.

13. Seen and from view, fast.

14. Slight seemed no black in background after going away from the sun. the minute aggressibility was very small. Objects also work by themselves or combined in groups of two or even three.

15. Some flying almost invisible sometimes moving objects.

16. Facing closer to the west.

17. [Illegible marking]

There is also a small hand-drawn diagram at the bottom right of the page labeled "SCENE HORIZON" with some lines and angles.


- page 49 -

Here is the text from the document:

2

18. On the following statedly plot a at the apparent
position of the object when first seen and to last point
last seen. In the case, the apparent path of the object
between points G+B if possible draw 123 etc. along
the track path to show the successive positions of
the object after 1st and intervals of time during period

[Diagram of a semicircle with "HORIZON" at bottom and "OBSERVERS EYE" labeled]

19. Observed object.

[Diagram of an object with some handwritten notes]

Seeking
reflecting
edge

lighten
motion

schedule
underneath


- page 50 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

20. [partial text, mostly illegible]

[A hand-drawn diagram of two circles labeled "Sun" and "Moon"]

21. we then continued on a flight coming along with a little while blowing a gale. Lights were then in some way passing it seems. Then with this reflected light more intense with a maximum was reached and then faded away in a few minutes. just to notice this effect.

22. [blacked out]

23. Fort Monmouth, N.J.

24. Radar Student.

25. University of Michigan

26. 1750

27. [blacked out]

28. [blacked out]

29. [blacked out]

Partial text at top and bottom of page is mostly illegible.


- page 51 -

July 4, 1952

1. 1/15°
2. 1/15°
3. 1:30 PM Drafting "Eastern"
4. 1:80
5. Fort Monmouth, N.J.
6. Sgt. Deans
7. YES
8. NO YES
9. WALKING AROUND THE AREA OF BUILDING 5102
10. NOTED P/F
11. OTHER PEOPLE RECOGNIZE MY ATTENTION TO IT
12. H. NONE

C.B. WHITE
E. APPROXIMATELY A DOZEN
S. AT TIMES VERY FAST AND AT TIMES SLOW AND STOPPED
8. ROUND
d. ? SOMEWHAT VERY FAINT
F. SUN WAS VERY BRIGHT
H. THEN TRAVELING IN A STRAIGHT DIRECTION AND THEN
TURNING AND FADING AWAY
13. GRADUALLY
14. A/YES - E - YES (ALL OTHERS NO)


- page 52 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. WEST

17.

18.

19. Direction

20. Sun CORRECT

21. Weather cloudy (partially) Bright sunlight during day. Obtained last
will carry effect and sun in just at end of
day by then

22. Taken Stories from New Brunswick, N.J.

23. Cloths part of equipment of your men.

The document also contains several hand-drawn diagrams with angles and circles, but as instructed, I will not describe those in detail.


- page 53 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

21 Mtn Runnels Jnr Hqy Sgt
25 1943
79 [large section blacked out]
[partial text on right side, but mostly illegible]


- page 54 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS DATA SHEET

Where Choice is Given, Circle Proper
Answers, or Insert Answer

1. Date of your observation:
   Day ______ Month ______ Year ______

2. Date you reported the observation:
   Day ______ Month ______ Year ______

3. What time was it when you sighted the object:
   A.M. ✓ P.M. Daylight Standard
   Zones: Eastern, Central, Mountain, Pacific,
   A. 13 Hours
   B. 15 Hours
   C. 15 Hours

   A. 0 Other
   B. 0
   C. 0

4. Length of time object was observed. Estimate:
   Hours ______ Minutes ______ Seconds ______

5. Where observed:
   Radar Division     Ft. Monmouth     N.J.     Monmouth
   Postal Address     City or Town     State     Country

6. Where were you at time of observation:
   Inside building, In Car, Outdoors, Other ______

7. Were you moving at any time during this sighting:
   N.a.
   Yes or No

8. Did you stop at any time during this sighting:
   Yes or No

9. If you were moving - give ______ and ______ miles per hour.
   Direction     Speed

10. How was object observed:
    Naked eye ✓ with
    Eye glasses
    Other glass (Window or Windshield)
    Binoculars, Telescope, Theodolite
    Other ______

11. How did you happen to notice the object:
    It was mentioned to me by a student calling in the after noon. I was told of the sighting during the morning, and upon being called outside in the afternoon, I observed the object myself.


- page 55 -

12. Describe what you saw as briefly as possible in the following spaces:
a. Sound: None
b. Shape: Circular
c. Color: Silvery
d. Size: Apparently large because of height (very high) like a/like
e. Number: 5 about 10 simply
f. Light brightness: Very bright
g. Light color: Luminous or trans-
h. Motion: Hovering in sky, slowly moving short arc
i. Speed: 3-4 times faster than moving
j. Other: When moving away from us, receding

13. How did object disappear from view: Suddenly or Gradually
Circle One

14. At any time did the object:
a. Change direction b. Change speed c. Move behind something: Cloud
House, Tree, into sun corona d. Blend with background e. Decrease
in size f. Decrease in brightness g. Move in front of something: (sun)
h. disappeared in distance into bright clear sky

15. When you first looked at the object, what direction were you facing: Northwest

16. When you last saw the object, what direction were you facing: Same general direction

17. In the following Sketch A, draw lines
from the observer's eye to the circular
arc to show the apparent elevation of the
object in the sky.
Directly
Overhead

A. When first seen, label a.
B. When last seen, label b.

[A sketch diagram is included showing an observer's eye, horizon, and sun, with labeled points for elevation]


- page 56 -

Here is the text from the document:

The sun and moon are shown below as they appear in their actual relative size in this sketch D. Show the apparent size of when you see.

[Two hand-drawn circles labeled "Sun" and "Moon"]

Sketch D.

In your own words describe the sighting you observed:

Time 10:06 15 July 1952

I was standing beside an M-type Radar Van talking with a group of men when one of the men said; "look up there", I looked overhead and immediately spotted an object that looked similar to a table tennis ball at a large distance away. +T was curved and traveling at a very rapid rate toward the south (seemingly turning toward) the south side of the object became


- page 57 -

Here is the text from the document:

-3-

18. On the following Sketch B, label a at the apparent position of the object when first seen and b at point last seen. Trace the apparent path of the object between points a and b.

If possible label 1, 2, 3, etc., along the traced path to show the successive positions of the object after equal intervals of time during the sighting.

19. In Sketch C please show the observed features of the object such as:
A. Apparent shape, (were edges pointed or rounded),
B. Apparent direction of motion (show by arrow), and
C. Other details, exhaust, trails, tails, surfaces, etc.

20. The sun and the moon are shown below as they appear in their correct relative size. In this sketch D, show the apparent size of what you saw.

SUN                 OBJECT                 MOON

[The document includes several sketches labeled Sketch B, Sketch C, and Sketch D with various annotations and diagrams.]


- page 58 -

21. In your own words please describe the sighting you observed. Use sketches if desired. All observations from the time of first sighting to the time of disappearance are important. Include a description of the weather, wind, and cloud conditions at the time of this sighting.

Upon being called out and seeing the first object, I observed that it was staying still. It stayed there about 15 minutes. Then it suddenly became more visible, seemed to emit more of a glow, and waved away in a SE direction toward the sun. It accelerated at first and then moved at a more constant rate at equal into the right side of the sun's glow (corona).

The objects later sighted were also moving about the sun, in different directions, at various rates of speed which were many times greater than jet speed or speeds. They traveled singly, in pairs, and in threes. They appeared to be round, translucent, with sort of a glowing ring around some of them. Some of them made any abrupt starts or turns (sharp and angular).

Later, around 1630 when eight was flying through the sky, the objects were no longer visible.


- page 59 -

Here is the text from the document:

-5-

22. Your full name: [redacted/blacked out]

23. Your address: [partially visible] Ft. Mammoth, N.J.

24. Your occupation: Radar Instructor.

25. Last school you attended: Radar school at Ft. Mammoth and RCEME radar course in Wington, Ont. Canada.

26. Year of last attendance at this school: [last part of text is cut off/illegible]

27. Please list the names and addresses of persons who discussed this sighting with you. It is not necessary to list the names of officials or investigators.

28. Further comments which you believe are important should be entered here.
Use additional sheets of the same size if necessary.


- page 60 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS DATA SHEET

Where Choice is Given, Circle Proper
Answers or Insert Answer

1. Date of your observation:                July    5     52
                                            Day     Month   Year

2. Date you reported the observation:       [Blank]
                                            Day     Month   Year

3. What time was it when you sighted the object:   11:00
                                                   Hours   Minutes
   A.M. (P.M.) Daylight   Standard
   Zone: Eastern, Central, Mountain, Pacific,

4. Length of time object was observed. Estimate:   [Blank]
                                                   Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5. Where observed:   FORT MONMOUTH   NEW JERSEY
                     Postal Address   City or Town   State   Country

6. Where were you at time of observation:
   Inside building, In Car, Outdoors,   M-38 SPARE VAN
                                        Other

7. Were you moving at any time during this sighting:   NO
                                                       Yes or No

8. Did you stop at any time during this sighting:      NO
                                                       Yes or No

9. If you were moving - give                 and             miles per hour.
                        Direction            Speed

10. How was object observed:   Naked eye
    Eye Glasses
    Other glass (Window or Windshield)
    Binoculars, Telescope, Theodolite
    Other:   PLAIN SIGHT

11. How did you happen to notice the object:   [Partially illegible text]
    a. just driving (in a van) looking
    36,000 [rest of text is difficult to read clearly]


- page 61 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

12. Describe what you saw as briefly as possible in the following spaces:
    a. Sound: [partially illegible]
    b. Shape: [blank]
    c. Color: [partially illegible]
    d. Size: [partially illegible]
    e. Number: 3
    f. Light brightness: TRANSLUCENT
    g. Light color: WING
    h. Motion: [blank]
    i. Speed: [partially illegible]
    j. Other: [blank]

13. How did object disappear from view: Suddenly or Gradually
                                        Circle One

14. At any time did the object:
    a. Change direction. b. Change speed. c. Move behind something; Cloud,
    House, Tree, _________ Other _________ d. Blend with background. e. Decrease
    in size. f. Decrease in brightness. g. Move in front of something.
    h. ________________________ Other _________________________

15. When you first looked at the object, what direction were you facing? [partially illegible]

16. When you last saw the object, what direction were you facing? [partially illegible]

17. In the following Sketch A, draw lines
    from the observer's eye to the circular
    arc to show the apparent elevation of the
    object in the sky.
    
    Directly
    Overhead

    A. When first seen, label a.
    B. When last seen, label b.

    [A diagram is included showing an observer's eye and a curved arc representing the object's elevation]


- page 62 -

Here is the text from the document:

-3-

18. On the following Sketch B, label a at the apparent position of the object when first seen and b at point last seen. Trace the apparent path of the object between points a and b.

If possible label 1, 2, 3, etc., along the traced path to show the successive positions of the object after equal intervals of time during the sighting.

19. In Sketch C please show the observed features of the object such as;
A. Apparent shape, (were edges pointed or rounded),
B. Apparent direction of motion (show by arrow), and
C. Other details, exhaust, trails, tails, surfaces, etc.

SKETCH C

20. The sun and the moon are shown below as they appear in their correct relative size. In this sketch D, show the apparent size of what you saw.

SUN         OBJECT         MOON

SKETCH D

Handwritten notes:
- On item 19A: "appeared roundle"
- On item 19B: "all directions"

The document includes several sketches (Sketch B, Sketch C, and Sketch D) with diagrams showing an observer's perspective, horizon lines, and relative sizes of celestial bodies.


- page 63 -

21. In your own words please describe the sighting you observed. Use sketches if desired. All observations from the time of first sighting to the time of disappearance are important. Include a description of the weather, wind, and cloud conditions at the time of this sighting.

[Handwritten text, partially legible:]

at am an about 1050 has middle watching a j... being tracked in... 155 the control radar ("let ant" three at... there are... supporting a mile 3 could see what looked like an watching his home the object was standing still. upon light deals it was determined that object was at elevation of... while still watching it moved to the right at north. we left the optics still and viewed other objects which appeared and disappeared 6 at one time. their movement was so swift at light.


- page 64 -

Here is the text from the document:

-5-

22. Your full name:
23. Your address:
24. Your occupation: Army United States
25. Last school you attended: 44 weeks Radar Electronics
26. Year of last attendance at this school: 1951
27. Please list the names and addresses of persons who discussed this sighting with you. It is not necessary to list the names of officials or investigators.

28. Further comments which you believe are important should be entered here.
Use additional sheets of the same size if necessary.

after viewing the objects we also saw large bugs which when the sun rays struck them at the right angle they appeared silver and also round, and moving at a high rate of speed.


- page 65 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

( (text in parentheses is partially illegible)

2 Miles, 110°

7 a.m.

Subject: sighting of landing light
Vicinity: north of Albuquerque. Object was
never closer than 15 miles.


- page 66 -

Here is the text from the document:

CABLE ADDRESS
"NATAIR"

NATIONAL AIRLINES
Airline of the Stars

Thomas Imeson Airport
Jacksonville, Florida
July 18, 1952

Colonel Donald L. Bower, USAF
Chief Technical Analysis Division
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Re: Project Blue Book

Dear Sir:

In reply to your telegram of July 16, 1952, the following is a joint report by Captain G. and First Officer J. who were operating National Airlines Flight 42 of July 10, 1952.

The above crew boarded the airplane at Jacksonville, Florida, making stops at Savannah, Georgia - Charleston, South Carolina - Wilmington, North Carolina - Richmond, Virginia - Washington, D.C. - Baltimore, Maryland and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

"On the night of July 10, 1952 at 2013, National Airlines flight 42, we were approximately ten miles south of Potomac River south of Clinton intersection. A strange light caught our attention. At first we thought it was a landing light on an approaching aircraft, but discovered this as it did not get any closer. Then we thought it was a military flare but discounted this also because it appeared to rise when flares fall. It was an amber light and appeared to glow somewhat with no tail. The light was of very, very bright intensity. It was not a meteor nor was it a light reflection generally descend rapidly. This light was in our view approximately ten minutes making no particular pattern of movement. Then suddenly it climbed rapidly in a turning altitude and disappeared into the northwest. Our altitude through this event was 1,500 feet, above sea level. In our opinion it could not have been a light reflection due to cloud formations which would have been contrary to such. There was only one light. No photographs were made."


- page 67 -

Here is the text from the document:

smaller as it is viewed distance
out became lost object a telegraph
pole and a building. The sky was very
clear and very good visibility.

22.

23. 16th student co.
Fort Monmouth
New Jersey.

24. Occupation: Radar student
25. Radar school
26. 1952
27. List the name + address of person
who witnessed this, sighting with you.

P.7

7th student co.
Fort Monmouth
New Jersey.

P.F.C.
17th student co.
Fort Monmouth
New Jersey.


- page 68 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

NO SIMILARITY BETWEEN AIRCRAFT LIGHTS AND OBJECT
23/2307Z JUL JEPIC

Copy-1

Most of the text in the body of the document appears to be illegible or too faint to read clearly.


- page 69 -

RC162
WPC164
YDD1443
TYA199
JEPHQ D233
FP JEDUP JEDEN 222
DE JEPHQ 144A
P 231929Z
FM HQ USAF WASHDC
TO JEDUP/CG ATIC WRIGHT PAT AFB OHIO
INFO JEDEN/CG AIRDEFCON ENT AFB COLO
FROM AFOIN 42257 CG ATIC PASS TO ATIAA-2C LIGHT CHA APPEARED LIKE
500 WATT LIGHT BULB IN SIZE AND BRILLIANCE MOVED WITH APPARENT
SLOW SPEED FROM NORTH TO SOUTH IN ARC THROUGH ANGLE OF OBSERVERS
VISION. COLOR YELLOWISH CHA NO SOUND CHA NO VISIBLE TRAIL CHA SHAPE
CIRCULAR SURROUNDED BY GLOW OR HAZE. NO ALTITUDE ESTIMATE MADE.
APPROXIMATELY 0610 EDT 19 JULY 52. OBSERVED FROM SURFACE BY
NAKED EYE. ABOUT ONE-HALF MILE EAST OF CAPITOL CHA WASHINGTON
CHA D. C. OBJECT APPEARED OVER WASHINGTON AREA TO WEST OF
REPORTER. MR. [ILLEGIBLE] CHA CIVILIAN CHA [ILLEGIBLE]
[ILLEGIBLE] CHA WASHINGTON CHA D. C. ADDIS IS CIVIL DEFENSE
RADIO DISPATCHER AT KEYPOINT AIR DEFENSE WARNING CENTER CHA
WASHINGTON CHA D. C. AT TIME OF SIGHTING ADDIS WAS ENROUTE HOME
FROM PERIOD OF DUTY. WEATHER CLEAR AND WARM. WINDS UNKNOWN. FIVE
MINUTES AFTER OBJECT DISAPPEARED REPORTER OBSERVED AIRCRAFT OVERHEAD.


- page 70 -

AF FORM 112-PART I                                UNCLASSIFIED

COUNTRY: USA-MASS
REPORT NO: TI-405-52

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Sighted by Crew of National Airlines Flight 42
TYPE OF REPORT: Near Quantico, Virginia, USA

STATE OF ORIGIN: Virginia, USA
DATE OF REPORT: 11 July 1952       DATE OF INFORMATION: 10 July 1952

PREPARED BY (Office): Gerald B. Tyler, Major, USAF
FROM (Source) Flight Service, MATS, 3800 Newark Street, N.W., Washington 25, D.C.

SOURCE: Civilian Airline Aircrew Members
EVALUATION: B-2

SUMMARY:
Report contains information reference sighting of unidentified flying object near Quantico, Virginia 10 July 1952.

Single object was sighted by aircrew members of National Airlines Flight 42 while in flight approaching Clifton Intersection from the Southwest at 1500 feet altitude. No interception was attempted. Weather at the time of sighting was excellent for observation. Object was apparently at the same altitude as sighting aircraft.

[Signed]
GERALD B. TYLER
Major, USAF
Acting Intelligence Officer

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 18 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.1D

DISTRIBUTION BY ORIGINATOR:
Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: ATIAC-20

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 71 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II                                  UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: Flight Service AACS
3800 Newark Street, N. W.
Washington 25, D. C.

IR-408-52                PAGE    2    OF    2    PAGES

1. One object or light resembling an aircraft landing light was observed from an aircraft in flight 15 miles South of Quantico, Virginia, at 2013B, 10 July 1952.

Object increased perceptibly in brilliance as it approached aircraft from the North.
Object performed a climbing turn away from aircraft within 15 light miles after becoming similar to light emitted by a red flare. Object reportedly too fast to be an aircraft of known type. Size of the object or light not given. As to time did the object approach closer than 15 miles. Thus, object was nearly over Quantico, Virginia, at approximately 1700 feet altitude.

2. The following civilian aircrew members, in flight aboard National Airlines Flight 42, a Lockheed C-60, observed cited object:

a. Captain [REDACTED] Pilot, National Airlines Operations, Jacksonville, Florida
b. Leon [REDACTED] Co-Pilot, National Airlines Operations, Jacksonville, Florida

3. No physical evidence of sighting is known. No interception or identification action was attempted. No air traffic was reported in the general area at the time of sighting.

4. Sighting was reported to the Olmsted Flight Service Center by Washington Air Route Traffic Control Center.

Comments of the Preparing Officer:

1. The observers, due to their flight training and experience, should be well qualified aerial observers.

2. A conjecturable opinion, raised by the general description of the object, is that may pilots, due to the extreme aerial traffic congestion in the Washington area, make a practice of turning on their landing lights to check local traffic patterns. Thus, the description fits any single aircraft which might have been flying first toward, then away from, the airliner. A check of Andrews and Bolling Air Force Bases reveals no jet traffic during sighting period. The 121st Fighter Interceptor Squadron, Andrews AFB, could not be contacted for information.

3. It is not known whether sighting was reported to, or investigated by, the intelligence officer of Bolling or Andrews Air Force Bases.

COMMENTS of Intelligence Division, Hq MATS:

1. The sighting was neither reported to nor investigated by the Intelligence officers at Andrews and Bolling Air Force Bases.

2. Planes and pilots of the 121st Fighter Interceptor Squadron were located in Delaware at the time of the sighting and subsequently, and have not yet returned to Andrews Air Force Base.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

[Signature of Colonel]
Harold C. Turner
Colonel, USAF
Acting Chief
Intelligence Division

NOTE: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C., 31-32 AND 32. AS AMENDED. ITS TRANSMISSION OR THE REVELATION OF ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER TO AN UNAUTHORIZED PERSON IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.


- page 72 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

FROM: (Originator)
OMAHA, COMMANDING, AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE

TO:
NATIONAL AIRLINES
JACKSONVILLE, FLA

INFO:
FROM: AFOIN-ATIA-7-63 FOR DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS

Reference circular report of your pilots Captain [REDACTED] and Leon [REDACTED] of flight 13 on 10 July 1952 near Quantico, Va. Request that if possible these pilots submit written reports including location of their aircraft and object to chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center.

In reply cite Project Blue Book.

[SIGNATURE BLOCK]
DONALD L. POWER, Colonel, USAF
Chief, Technical Analysis Division
Air Technical Intelligence Center

[BOTTOM OF FORM]
UNCLASSIFIED
DD FORM 173 (OCT 49)
PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES


- page 73 -

APPROXIMATELY 7 MINUTES. NATIONAL AIRLINES FLT 42 WAS FLYING
150 FT AND TO THE NORTH OF OBJECT AT TIME OF SIGHTING.

E. WEATHER CONDITION 25,000 FT THIN SCATTERED VISIBILITY 15 MILES
PLUS WINDS CALM.

F. TIME OF SIGHTING 11:15Z.

G. PILOT CAPT [REDACTED] COPILOT [REDACTED] ACFT NATIONAL AIRLINES
FLT 42 JACKSONVILLE FLA
12.1952 JUL JEPIS


- page 74 -

Here is the text from the document:

TWO ZERO ONE
JEPRO DOCS
THE AGENCY

CO JEPRO JEROP 222
DE JEPRO 24

C 12 15 Z

TO JEDMACCS ADC PNT AFB COLO
JEDPMATIC WRIGHT PAT AND OHIO

A. CIRVIS.

B. POSITION OBJECT 15 MILES SOUTH QUANTICO VA 77 DEGREES 26 MINUTES
WEST 38 DEGREES 26 MINUTES NORTH.

C. UNKNOWN OBJECT SIGHTED THAT APPEARED LIKE AN ACFT LANDING
LIGHT BUT APPROACHED TOO RAPIDLY AND FRIGHTENED PERCEPTIBLY TO BE
A LIGHT FROM AN ACFT. OBJECT THEN CLIMBED VERY FAST BEFORE TURNING
NORTH WEST AND APPEARED LIKE A RED FLARE BEFORE DISAPPEARING.

D. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION OBJECT WAS SIGHTED BY PILOT AND COPILOT
OF NATIONAL AIRLINES FLT NER 42 FOR.

PAGE TWO JEPRO 24


- page 75 -

RE224
WPC228
TY C261
JEPHQ F219
RN JEDMP
DE JEPHQ 371A
R 1121667 ZNJ
FM HQ USAF WASIDC
TO ATIC WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO

FROM AFOIN 53555. ATTN ATAA-2C. THE FOLLOWING FLIGHT SERVICE MESSAGE FORWARDED FOR INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE FLYING OBJECT CNA QUOTE CLN FROM CLN FLT SVC OLMSTEAD AFB PA TO SEC OF DEF CNA WASH D C. CIRVIS CLN 1. OBJECT NORTH APPEARED LIKE HEADLIGHT OF ACFT BUT APPROACHED TO RAPIDLY TO BE ACFT THE LIGHT BRIGHTENED PERCEPTIBLY ON APPROACH CNA THEN CLIMBED VERY FAST BEFORE TURNING NORTH WEST AND APPEARED LIKE A RED FLARE BEFORE DISAPPEARING PD

2. 12 JULY 2015 EASTERN PD

3. 2215 EASTERN UNTIL 2225 EASTERN PD

4. VISUALLY FROM AIR CNA NATIONAL AIRLINES FLIGHT 42 LOCKHEED C-50

PAGE TWO JEPHQ 371A


- page 76 -

1500 FEET AIR SPEED APPROXIMATELY 170 MILES PER HOUR PD

5. A. 15 MILES SOUTH OF QUANTICO CHA VA. APPROACHING CLIFF ON INTER
SECTION PD PAGE TWO JEFF 12

B. OBJECT NORTH NEVER CLOSER THAN 15 MILES APPEARED SAME ALT AS
ACFT PD 6-7. OBSERVERS CAPT [BLACKED OUT] CHA PILOT AND CO
PILOT RESPECTIVELY NATIONAL AIRLINES FLIGHT 43 NATIONAL AIRLINES
OPERATIONS JACKSONVILLE FLORIDA PD

6. WEATHER REPORTED AT QUANTICO VA 2030 EASTERN CHA 25632 THIN SCTD
VS BY 15 MILES PLUS REPORTED TO OLMSTEAD FLT SVC PD BY WASH ARTC PD
UNQUOTE

11/2311Z JUL JEPHO


- page 77 -

FLYOBRPT 3

1. ONE OBJECT TO NORTH APPEARED LIKE HEADLIGHT OF AIRCRAFT BUT APPROACHED TO RAPIDLY TO BE AIRCRAFT LIGHT BRIGHTENED PERCEPTIBLY ON APPROACH THEN CLIMBED VERY FAST BEFORE TURNING NORTHWEST AND APPEARED LIKE A RED FLAME BEFORE DISAPPEARING.

2. VISUALLY FROM AIR NATIONAL AIRLINES FLIGHT 42 LOCKHEED C-58 AT

PAGE THREE JEDLS 1C

1504 FEET. AIRSPEED APPROXIMATELY 170 MILES PER HOUR.

23. FROM 2018E UNTIL 2025E

4. 15 JULY 2018E

5. 15 MILES SOUTH QUANTICO VA APPROACHING CLIFTON INTERSECTION

2. OBJECT NORTH NEVER CLOSER THAN 15 MILES APPEARED SAME ALTITUDE AS AIRCRAFT.

6. 7.

OBSERVERS WERE CAPT [ILLEGIBLE] AND [ILLEGIBLE] PILOT AND CO-PILOT RESPECTIVELY NATIONAL AIRLINES FLIGHT 42. NATIONAL AIRLINES OPERATIONS JACKSONVILLE FLA.

8. WEATHER REPORTED AT QUANTICO VA. AT 2033E 25828 THIN SCTD VSBY 15 MILES. PLUS. REPORTED TO OLMSTED FLIGHT SERVICE BY WASHINGTON ARTC.

11/0542 JUL JEDLS

OPERATIONAL IMMEDIATE


- page 78 -

Most of the text on this document is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy blurring. The only clearly readable text at the bottom of the page says:

"DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOU DIR 5.20.10"

The rest of the document appears to be a form or table with columns and rows, but the specific text within those cells cannot be accurately transcribed.


- page 79 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

797.10/3.32
1

(Partial text at top of page is illegible)

(Bottom of page has a partially legible line that appears to read: "...observation was made, no incident")


- page 80 -

OPERATIONAL IMMEDIATE                FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY*

WPBO01
WYB001
WMX031
JWFNK A1
OPOP JEPHA JEDUP 222
DE JWFNK 21JF
OP 1322557 ZNJ
FM CO 797TH ACAW SQ FORDLAND MO-
TO JEPHA/HQ USAF WASHDC/DIROF INTEL
JEDUP/WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB OHIO/FOR ATIA-2C-
ZEN/CG ENT AFB COLORADO SPRINGS COLO
ZEN/CG CADF KSC MO
ZEN/CG 33D ADIV TINKER AFB OKLA

FLYOBBRPT. THE FOLLOWING UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS
SIGHTED 13 JULY 52 THIS STATION ELECTRONICALLY AS CLSN

/1/ ONE OBJECT CHA VERY LARGE AT TIMES CHA VARIED IN SIZE UP TO 3
DEGREES IN WIDTH CHA ESTIMATED SPEED 180 MILE PER HOUR TO 600 MILE PER
HOUR. THE OBJECT APPEARED TO STOP MANEUVERING AS LONG AS TWO MINUTES.
NO DEFINITE COURSE FOLLOWED.

/2/ UNKNOWN OBJECT WAS CARRIED FROM WEST TO EAST AND BACK WEST TOWARDS
KANSAS CITY AND FADED.

/3/ VISUAL SURFACE

/4/ FORDLAND CHA MISSOURI 797TH ACAW SQ

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 81 -

PAGE TWO JWFNK 01JF

/5^ 4 OBSERVERS CMA EXPERIENCE LEVEL 2 AIRMEN 5 YRS CMA 2 AIRMEN 1 YR.

/6^ WEATHER FAIR CMA VISIBILITY GOOD CMA SCATTERED CLOUDS TO THE EAST.

/7^ NONE

/8^ NONE

/9^ NONE

/1^7 NONE

13^/2315Z JUL JWFNK

[Handwritten notes: "FOR OFFICIAL USE" (crossed out), "CIC", "CY-1"]

The bottom portion of the document contains additional text, but it is too illegible to accurately transcribe.


- page 82 -

COORDINATION
URGENT CODE AND
PULL SIGNATURE

XXXXX                                                                JCS/J83/24261

SPECIAL PAPER TO:                                                   JUL 30 1952
MEMORANDUM-5

SUBJECT: (Uncl) Unidentified Radar Return

TO:    Commanding Officer
        797th Aircraft and Wing Squadron
        Attention: Intelligence Officer
        Portland, Missouri

        Reference is made to your message 21/213 only. We would like
the enclosed Radar Observation Data Sheet completed and returned to the
Air Technical Intelligence Center as soon as possible.

        FOR THE CHANNELING OFFICER:

        Incl:    EARL L. BAKER
        Radar Observation    Colonel, USAF
        Data Sheet           Chief, Technical Analysis Division

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

AMC Form 8 (Rev 17 May 51)    Supersedes AMC Form 5, Rev 1 Apr 45, which will be used.

DESIGNATE AUTHOR OFFICER OF RECORD                                Air Force-WPAFJL-51 JUL 51 560PM


- page 83 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Top of page has some text that is mostly illegible]

1

[First paragraph, partially legible]
"... observed object, very high over... for period of 5-10 min."

[Second paragraph, mostly illegible]
"... in area of..."

The rest of the document appears to be very faint or illegible. Large portions of the text are not clearly readable.


- page 84 -

UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

SAID 600.9
SUBJECT: Sighting of Unusual Objects

FROM: Commanding General
CINCUSAFE
Headquarters US Air Force
March Air Force Base
California

TO: Commanding General
Strategic Air Command
Offutt Air Force Base
Omaha, Nebraska

TO: Director of Intelligence
Headquarters USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

Attached herewith, I am forwarding in accordance with
Air Force Letter 200-5 and Tactical Air Force GEN 80, 15 May
1952.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

2 Incls.
1. AF Form 112 Page 1 (5 cpy)
2. AF Form 112 Page 2 (5 cpy)

Cy to: ATIC, Air Technical Intelligence Center
AFOIN-X1
Headquarters Air Force Base
Ohio

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 85 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART I
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

UNCLASSIFIED

United States

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

COUNTRY: [blank]
SUBJECT: Sighting in Spokane, Wash. of two unidentified flying objects on 13 July 1952
DATE OF REPORT: 20 July 1952 | DATE OF INFORMATION: 13 July 1952
PREPARED BY: 20 July 1952 | SOURCE: Two persons of Spokane, Washington

SUMMARY: (Enter conclusion summary of report. Give significance in first cover-marked paragraph. List incidents of lower left. Begin text of report on AF Form 112-Part II)

1. Sighting in Spokane, Wash. of two unidentified flying objects on 13 July 1952.

2. Report shows that people are observing unidentified flying objects in the area of a B-36 base.

[Signature section]
APPROVED:
[Signature]
EARL H. GRAHAM
Major, USAF
Asst. Supervisor of Intelligence

UNCLASSIFIED

[Footer note]
NOTE: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C., SECS. 31 AND 32. AS AMENDED. ITS TRANSMISSION OR THE REVELATION OF ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER TO AN UNAUTHORIZED PERSON IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.


- page 86 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Major) 1st 797th Air Division, USAF    REPORT NO. IR-84-52    PAGE 2 of 3 PAGES

1. To the naked eye the two objects appeared extremely small, just glittering specks. With the aid of binoculars the objects were reported as being somewhat circular in shape and moving in a northwesterly direction over a field. They displayed no color, no trail or exhaust. Neither object seemed to be colored, and although one of the observers claimed "a large or various color" the other object was reported as traveling at high speed and no power was associated with these sightings.

2. The two reporting parties (observers on the west block) disappeared at the city hall parking area approximately 1250 LFT. These will be referred to in this report as [REDACTED]. The sighting occurred shortly after 1200 LFT. The latter's length of observation was 3 to 5 minutes. He can further state that he was certain of what he saw.

3. The [REDACTED]'s report was based on visual observation from a back yard, being observed by buildings and trees. The report was based on a preliminary investigation by an intelligence officer at a local air base.

4. Witnesses to this sighting included a total of ten persons. Two were readily visitors of the base commander, whose report was utilized. Interviews with other persons whose homes were within visual points of reference were conducted in this investigation.

5. Reliability of [REDACTED] sighting may be rated as high as can be judged. The two unidentified observers, who provided evidence, were judged to be reliable. Discrepancies due to conditions of visibility from their vantage points and the two to three minute duration of the sighting prevent a more detailed report.

6. Weather and wind conditions: the weather report for 1200 LFT was 20,000 feet ceiling, 20 miles visibility, sea level pressure 1022, temperature 84, ceiling 30, wind 5 knots, altitude 28-32, relative humidity 21%, clouds less than 1/10.

7. There are no meteorological conditions to account for these sightings. The two observers stated that the objects were traveling at a high rate of speed and that the objects had disappeared too fast to get a good look.

8. There are no physical items of evidence nor photographs.

9. The interception or visual report details are shown in the report as received.

UNCLASSIFIED

[Note: Bottom of page contains standard disclaimer about document containing information affecting national defense]


- page 87 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

7-8 min.

Twelve circular objects moved with
motion of balloon for 7 or 8 min. Observation
was made by observer using binoculars.

Some text appears to be illegible or partially obscured.


- page 88 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART I
JAPAN

UNCL ASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Kyushu, Japan                                                Deputy for Intelligence
                                                              Japan Air Defense Force, APO 710
5 August 1952                                                F-3
                                                              Detachment 20-29, 20th Weather Sq
SHELBY McCARTHUR, Major, USAF                                APO 517
APL 200-5, 29 April 1952

This report concerns number of objects sighted about a weather balloon sighted at Genkai Air Base. The original report was forwarded by Director of Intelligence, 43rd Air Division (Defense).

APPROVED:
[Signature]
CHESTER H. MOREAU
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Intelligence

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

Report of A/IC Lyle R. Drenth
Incla 2 Incls, by O/I TXAG
Wind Vol & Temperature Chart,
Extract of Article on "Bursting of Trozan Balloons"

[Additional routing stamps at bottom of page]


- page 89 -

Much of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy shadowing. I can make out a few words and fragments, but cannot confidently reproduce a complete readable text. The words "UNCLASSIFIED" appear at the top right of the document, and there is a signature or signature block at the bottom right of the page. However, the majority of the text is too blurry and obscured to accurately transcribe.


- page 90 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

From (Unit): Deputy for Intelligence
Japan Air Defense Force, APO 710

IR 31-52
PAGE 2 OF 3

1. Description of Object: Twelve (12) luminous circular or elliptical objects generally moving about and an (an) hour in the same general area around the balloon and disappeared on a course reciprocal to that of the balloon. Close observation of the objects revealed no visible means of propulsion. They disappeared by moving out of the field of view of the theodolite. After the disappearance of the first cluster, other similar objects appeared in threes and fours.

2. Time of Sighting: 1600I. Seven to eight minutes for the entire sighting.

3. Manner of Sighting: Theodolite with maximum power of twenty (20) diameters and a field of view of two (2) degrees.

4. Location of Observer: Tsukili Air Base, Kyushu, Japan (33° 41'N - 131° 03'E) To southwest of the observer at an altitude starting 57,000 and continuing to 69,000.

5. Reliability of Observer: A/1C Drenth has two (2) years experience in his present job, he is considered reliable, skilled, stable and well-informed. No statement was included for other observers.

6. Weather: 1/10 clouds at 4000 feet. No clouds above 4000 feet. Surface winds Northwest at five (5) knots. Surface temperature 80° with no known inversion. Visibility 10-15 miles.

7. Unusual Conditions Which Might Account for Sighting: None.

8. Existence of Physical Evidence: None.

9. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None.

10. Location of Air Traffic: None.

D/I PTAD Comments:

The objects were observed between the 60th and 69th minutes of the pilot run; at the 65th minute the elevation was 64,500 feet, azimuth angle 171°, and the balloon was 9140 yards SSW of the observer.

A copy of Tsukili and Itazuke winds aloft, plus selected RAOB temperatures is included as Inclosure 12.

Included as Inclosure #3 is an extract of an article, "Bursting of Frozen Balloons," by Arnold Gouts, from the Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society, 4th October 51. This phenomenon provides a logical explanation for this type of sighting.

[Signed]
CHARLES V. DANIEL
Deputy General, USAF
Deputy for Intelligence


- page 91 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112—PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM: Deputy for Intelligence
Japan Air Defense Force, APO 710

DATE: 18 31-52
PAGE 3 OF 3 PAGES

STATEMENT

At approximately 1800 hours on 17 July 1952, I released a 100 gram White balloon for a scheduled trial run. For the first thirty (30) minutes the balloon moved in a westerly direction then slowly came back over the field to move out in a south and easterly movement. At the time I had recorded a height of about 45,000 feet and it was also time to transmit an observation. I turned the theodolite over to my Japanese helper, Yasunouya, to track the balloon, while I took my observation.

After I finished recording the weather I went back out to the theodolite and immediately my Japanese helper started talking something about "toksan while stay". I looked into the theodolite and immediately in the background of my balloon I saw a formation (or cluster) of about twelve (12) white, luminous objects moving in the same direction as the balloon. They stayed at the same speed as the balloon for approximately 15 or 20 seconds then they moved out at a greater speed. I could see no visible exhaust or vapor trail from any of them.

For a period of about 7 or 8 minutes after that I could see other objects in groups of threes, fours, and fives appear and disappear. They all moved in a westerly direction except for one. This one came in around my balloon then went out into the east. I didn't track it because I didn't want to lose track of the balloon. The height of my balloon was about 58,700 feet when I first saw them. After the balloon was about 65,000 feet I didn't see any more.

If they were the same size of my balloon, then they were at the same height as mentioned before, because it seemed as though they hovered very near the balloon before. They moved out. It was very difficult to see the balloon at this height of then because I don't know how much bigger they were. As near as I can remember the dimensions in size were something like this with an average or being the balloon. *

At times it looked as though they may have been oblong, then again it looked as though they were round in appearance. It was difficult to say exactly what shape they were.

There were four (4) people that saw them through the theodolite. One man, whose name I do not know, but do know him by sight, A/2c Harrington from AMQ, my Japanese helper and myself.

The theodolite has a maximum power of 20 diameters and a field view of 2 degrees. Whatever this phenomenon may have been, for the few minutes that it was available to observe it was very interesting to watch.

/s/ Lyle R. Drenth
A/1c, USAF

UNCLASSIFIED

[Note: Bottom of page contains a standard disclaimer about document transmission]


- page 92 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II                 AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

REPORT NO.    TR-31-52               PAGE    1 OF 2

BURSTING OF FROZEN BALLOONS
Arnold Court
Meteorologist, U. S. Antarctic Service, 1939-1941

Splitting of a pilot balloon image into two or more portions, observed over San Juan, Puerto Rico, at 2100 Z on 2 Sept. 1943 by Mr. Dave Fultz (bulletin, 28: 102, March 1951) and attributed by him to "double refraction at some layer in the upper troposphere or lower stratosphere," may not have been an optical illusion at all; the balloon may simply have burst into two halves, each of which kept its shape for several minutes before breaking into smaller solid pieces.

Similar separations of pilot balloon images were observed under equivalent conditions in light at Little America III, the West Base of the U.S. Antarctic Expedition:

"The pure-gua balloons often were followed to the bursting point, and several times, notably during the extremely cold September days at Little America, the year's observed to burst into 2 halves which kept their shape several minutes before disintegrating. This behavior was distinctly attributable to extreme cold, since concurrent radiosonde observations showed temperatures colder than -66°C (-85°F) at the common bursting level of 14 kilometers, which is considerably lower than the normal bursting point for 100-gram balloons."

"On the few occasions when red 100-gram balloons were followed to bursting (in general, red balloons were used only against high altitude cumulus or cirrus clouds), the bursts came at lower levels than those of pure-gua balloons, indicating that dye decreases the elasticity of rubber at low temperatures."

"The 50-gram balloons provided had even less elasticity than the 100-gram balloons, being completely inelastic at observed surface temperatures of -50°C (-58°F). These balloons were furnished only in red and in black, and black seemed to have slightly better elastic qualities at lower temperatures." (Arnold Court, Weather Observations at Little America III, Proc. Am. Philos. Soc., 92: 324, April 1948, ref. ch. p. 336.)

At Little American III, conditions are favorable for observing the burst of a partly-frozen balloon during only a few weeks—from the return of daylight in late August until the rapid rewarming of the lower stratosphere in early October. At San Juan, however, where Dr. Fultz observed an apparently similar phenomenon, this pause throughout the year is almost as cold (and almost twice as high) as during September over Little America.

Only San Juan at 16 km, about 1 km below the mean height of the tropopause, half the temperatures during the year are colder than -75°C; in September, 50 percent of the temperatures are -66°C and -77°C (R. Rasten: Temperature Frequencies in the Upper U.S. Weather Bureau, Jan. 1946, graph on p. 92). On the date cited by Mr. Fultz, the balloon reached a height of 16,210 m, and the next ascent to reach it, at 0320 Z on 4 Sept., showed it at -76.5°C at 16,110 m. (Original soundings in U.S. W. Bur. files.)

At Little America, pure-gum latex balloons, both plain and race, regardless of the dye-configuration, seemed unable to endure more than 10-15 minutes at a temperature burst below -60°C, and usually would burst 10 or 15 minutes after passing this last-named temperature. Over San Juan, a 100-gram balloon would reach -60°C, around 24 km, either about 52 minutes—10 minutes before the first radiosonde.

UNCLASSIFIED

[Note: Bottom of page contains a standard confidentiality warning]


- page 93 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUN 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

IR-31-52                       PAGE    2     OF     2     PAGES

Mr. Fultz indicates that his balloon split into two images, one of which split in turn two minutes later, one of these images again splitting after five more minutes. It is probable that his balloon was simply frozen at 17,670 m assuming for it), that it split into two frozen halves each of which remained its shape, and then one of these in turn broke into two segments one of which again broke apart and remained visible until it shredded completely. The 2nd and 3rd splits may be regarded as rather improbable but not entirely possible.*

That the phenomenon could be observed in this case was due to the wind reversal in the lower layers, putting the balloon after core cap in an hour in the air at the rather high elevation of 14.0° and an azimuth of 140° (SS2), an excellent position for reflecting the light of the late afternoon sun. It was an optical illusion, and the thin cirrus cloud which the balloon seemed to have entered had little to do with it: the balloon was simply frozen solid, and each part kept its shape after bursting.

*Editorial comment: It has also been suggested that these might be explained by the well-known effect of pressure of the eyepiece against the eyeball causing apparent splitting of the image.

Incl #3                                   UNCLASSIFIED

[Note: The bottom disclaimer text is partially illegible]


- page 94 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112—PART II                                                CLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

                                                                    IR-31-52

UPPER AIR WIND VELOCITIES & TEMPERATURES
17 July 1952

[A large table with columns for Height, Teufki AB (09002), Tashkent AB (09002), and Tashkent AB (09302) showing wind directions, speeds, and temperatures at various altitudes]

*Note: All wind speeds are reported in knots.
**Note: Teufki winds above 55,000 feet received by phone.

Incl #P.

UNCLASSIFIED

[Bottom disclaimer text about transmission of information]


- page 95 -

10 Jul 52

3 hours

Circular-shaped object, having an appearance of metallic, was first sighted near Lockbourne. Object was made native sights for 2 to 3 min. then went away, disappear when last seen or took off from Lockbourne.

Incidents of Ohio Natl Guard were observed on July 17, 20.


- page 96 -

UNCLASSIFIED

AF FORM 112-PART I
U.S.A.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

REPORT NO. IR-93-52     PLACE (LOCATION) 91st Strategic Reconnaissance Wing (M)

FROM Columbus, Ohio                    DATE OF INFORMATION 17 July thru 23 July 1952

MAJOR EDWARD O. WITTMER
None

Primary source was discharged from the USAF on 20 June 1952 and is now employed as a civilian with the 6166th Air Base Squadron of the Ohio National Guard stationed at Lockbourne Air Force Base. Additional sources, who is caretaker of 6166th Air Wing Squadron of Ohio National Guard, both men are active reservists of this National Guard Squadron.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED DOD DIR 5200.33

APPROVED:
DICK M. CAMPBELL
Major, USAF
Director of Intelligence

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 97 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1954

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

91st Strat Recon Wing (M)    IR-93-52    PAGE 2 OF 2

1. A circular shaped object giving the appearance of a star appeared somewhat smaller than an average airplane on immediate horizon. It was fluorescent, and in its most recent sighting, the observer ran part of an orange and green glow. The object as it came into line of vision looked like a speck and then took on its final form. On the latest appearance it left a trail of reddish cast and was out of sight in approximately eight seconds. It moved from side to side while moving, and often remained stationary for long periods of time.

2. Stevenson observed the phenomenon at 0100 to 0400 hours on Thursday 17 July, Sunday 20 July, Tuesday 22 July and Wednesday 23 July. On Thursday 17 July he saw the object. For a total length of time of one half hour from 0130 to 0130. The other mornings the object was sighted for varying periods of time. Wednesday 23 July was seen in position for two (2) hours. His neighbor, another source, was also in attendance with Stevenson and confirmed his observation.

3. Both visual and weak field glasses were used in observations from the ground.

4. The observers were ten (10) miles due north of Lockbourne Air Force Base and the object was moving north and south ten degrees from due east at a distance of three (3) miles and approximately five thousand (5,000) feet above the ground.

5. Both men were recently discharged from the USAF. Stevenson is Sergeant Major of the 646th Air Base Squadron of Ohio National Guard and Commanding Officer of the same unit. They are working in civilian capacity on the Air Base.

6. The cloud coverage on Thursday and Sunday mornings at night signs was seven tenths (7/10) to complete with a low ceiling. On Wednesday it was CAVU.

7. The observers could not give any explanation for their sightings but were positive it was not a star.

8. No physical evidence.

9. No interception or identification action taken.

10. When an airplane took off from or landed at Port Columbus, this object would disappear beyond human sight. On Wednesday 23 July the phenomenon did not disappear as planes from Port Columbus passed over it and it seemed as large as a plane.

11. On Monday 21 July 1952 at 2150 hours our observer also noticed to the south of Columbus proper an object that he called a "Space Ship". His neighbor who was watching with him gave the object the name of "Space Ship" at the time was looking through field glasses.

[Signed]
EDWARD O. WERNER
Major, USAF
Asst. Intelligence Officer

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 98 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Date: 1 Jul 52

Civilian area

1 SSW

Subject: "saucer-type" object observed traveling very fast and giving off a flashing light.

Some parts of the document are partially illegible, such as some header information and details in the margins.


- page 99 -

HEADQUARTERS
26TH AIR DIVISION (DEFENSE)
ROSLYN, NEW YORK

ADOIN 384.51                                                  19 July 1952

SUBJECT: Report of Unconventional Aircraft.

TO     √Commanding General
        Air Material Command
        Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
        Dayton, Ohio
        ATTN: M C I S

        Commanding General
        Air Defense Command
        Ent Air Force Base
        Colorado Springs
        Colorado
        ATTN: Dir of Intelligence

        Commanding General
        Eastern Air Defense Force
        Stewart Air Force Base
        Newburgh, New York
        ATTN: Dir of Intelligence

1. At 1320Z time on 19 July 1952, the Director of Intelligence,
26th Air Division (Defense) received the following report of unconventional aircraft:

    a. A single star-shaped object, traveling very fast, in a
    south or south-west direction. Object gave off a flashing light.

    b. Sighted on 19 July 1952 at 0210Z. Object was in sight
    for approximately one and one half (1½) minutes.

    c. Visual observation from the ground.

    d. Observer at DEALE, MARYLAND. Object at QJ 3037.


- page 100 -

Much of the text on this document is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy shadowing. While some words and fragments are visible, I cannot confidently reproduce a complete, accurate transcription. The document appears to be a typewritten form or report with multiple lines and sections, but the text is too blurred to read with certainty.


- page 101 -

Hq, 26th AD (D) ADDIR 384.51 Subj: Report of Unconventional Aircraft.

c. Mr. [ILLEGIBLE], Deputy for Civil Defense of the State of Virginia, Telephone: Washington, D.C., Sterling 9-900.

f. Weather - 15,000 foot scattered, thin, broken at 20,000 feet, visibility approximately 10 miles, temperature 79 degrees F., dew point 73, wind west south west at 8 miles per hour.

g. Negative.

h. Negative.

i. Negative.

j. Unknown.

2. Above information is submitted in accordance with ADC Ltr. 200-1 dated 11 April 1952.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

[Signature]
E. M. GAILLOT
Major, USAF
Adjutant General

2.


- page 102 -

Here is the text from the document:

Jul. 52

20 sec

2 round blue objects which traveled abreast were observed by woman, center of OOG, and were flying in approx same position.


- page 103 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

MSG NLR 130
C-1
FM 26 AIR DIV DEF ROSLYN N Y 1913 UNCLASSIFIED
TO CG AMC UPAFB DAYTON OHIO ATTN: MCGSNF
ADG ENT AFB COLORADO SPRINGS COLO
EADF STEWART AFB N Y ATTN DIR OF INTEL

ADAC 1305,
FOL REPT OF UNCONVENTIONAL ACFT IS SBMD IAW ADC LTR 203-1.
A. 2 FLYING SAUCERS, ROUND, VERY CLEAR AND LARGE, APPROX SIZE
OF 20-29, BLUE JET EXHAUST FLANN MOVING NORTHEAST, WHEN OPPOSITE
OBR SAUCERS CLIMBED STRAIGHT UP OUT OF SIGHT; 1 APPEARED DARKER
BLUE THAN THE OTHER AND SEEMED TO BE TRAILING SMOKE. B. SIGHTED
AT 1125½, DURATION OF SIGHTING APPROX 20 SEC. C. VISUAL FROM GRND.
D. GRND OBR CORPS POST AT PK2413, OBJ AT PK2318, APPROX 1 AND 1/2
MILES SOUTHEAST OF POST, AT APPROX 2000 FT, MOVING NORTHEAST E.
OWD WEST AT 6 MILES, TEMP 83 DEG, DEW POINT 72, CG, NEG. H. NEG
T. BELMONT 9611, OCC SECRETARY, VOL OCC SPOTTER, RELIABILITY UNK.
F. VEA BROKEN CLOUDS AT 15000 FT, OVERCAST AT 20900, VIS 9 MILES.
HWD WEST AT 6 MILES, TEMP 83 DEG, DEW POINT 72, CG, NEG. K. NEG
I. NEG J. 1 B29 ABOVE OBJ AT TIME OF SIGHTING. IDENT MARKINGS NOT
VISIBLE.
24/1922 JULY

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR LETTER
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 15 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.1R

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 104 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112... ART I
APPROVED 1 JUN 1948

COUNTRY
USA

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Report of Unconventional Aircraft

Area Reported: Baltimore, Md.    PR 2120    FROM (Agency): Hq 26th Air div (Def) Reelyn N.Y.
Date of Report: 21 July 1952    Date of Information: 19 July 1952    Evaluation: F-6

Performed By: (STILL ILLEGIBLE, GREENLEAF JR. Maj USAF)    Source: (Blacked out)

References: (Given name, service, grade etc. of original)

ADD Htr 220-1 dtd 11 April 51

SUMMARY: (Enter complete summary of report. Underline key names or important paragraphs. List incidents in order of light. Begin text of report on AF Form 112-Part (1))

1. Mrs. C. Hays, Baltimore, Md, Maryland, Telephone reported two (2) flying saucers 11252 on 19 July 1952 in PR 2120. At the time of sighting, she was a secretary, was on duty as a volunteer ground observer aircraft spotter.

2. Flying saucers were very large and clear, altitude approximately 2000 feet, approximately 1/2 miles northwest of port, heading northwest. When approximately opposite observer they suddenly shot upward and went out of sight. Slightly inclined approximately 20 seconds. Saucers were bluish color, one darker than the other, round in shape, emanating a blue haze, apparent, but the darker colored one was trailing smoke. They were approximately the size of a B-29. Size and altitude were estimated by comparison with a B-29 which was in the same area at the time of the sighting.

3. Weather was broken clouds at 15,000 feet, overcast at 25,000 feet, visibility 9 miles, winds light at 6 miles per hour, temperature 83 degrees, dew point 72.


- page 105 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE - 4597.00

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object:
1.1 Date: 17th July 1952

1.2 Time of day: __ Hrs. __ Min. A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)

1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain

d. Pacific
e. Other _______

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are
of your answer to the above question 1.2:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

2. Where did you see the object?
Postal Address ____________ City or Town FLORIDA
State MADISON County

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
(Circle One): a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors

d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other _______

3.1 Were you:
(Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near a airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______


- page 106 -

4. How did you happen to notice the object? I WAS LOOKING
TURNED AND HEARD THE WINDOW OPEN FAR
DRAGGING. I WALKED TO SEE IF IT WAS OPEN.

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Blank table with columns for Day, Month, Year]

SECTION I

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? COOLING
TO PACCO

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Try to list the activity or activities, and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
SITTING AT THE BAR TALKING
TO MY HIRED WORKER.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes or No.

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions.

7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One): 
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? [Blank space] miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the [rest of text cut off]
(Circle One): Yes or No


- page 107 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

8. What direction were you facing when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North     e. South
             b. Northeast    f. Southwest
             c. East         g. West
             d. Southeast    h. Northwest

8.1 What direction were you facing when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North     e. South
             b. Northeast    f. Southwest
             c. East         g. West
             d. Southeast    h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above two questions. (8 and 8.1)
    a. Certain     c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes or No

10. How was the object seen?
(Circle One): a. Through window glass    e. Through theolite
             b. Through windshield       f. Through sun glasses
             c. Through binoculars       g. Through open space
             d. Through telescope        h. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
    a. Clear sky     d. Thick or heavy clouds
    b. Hazy          e. Don't remember
    c. Scattered clouds

11.2 WIND (Circle One)
    a. No wind       c. Strong wind
    b. Slight breeze d. Don't remember

11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
    a. Dry           d. Snow
    b. Fog, Mist, or Light rain   e. Don't remember
    c. Moderate or heavy rain

11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
    a. Cold          d. Hot
    b. Cool          e. Don't remember
    c. Warm


- page 108 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object? _____ 10 _____ Minutes _____ Seconds

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
a. Certain
b. (Fairly sure)   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid [ ] on Transparent? [handwritten note]

14. Did the object at any time: (Circle One for each question)
14.1 Change direction?       (Yes) No   Don't know
14.2 Change speed?           (Yes) No   Don't know
14.3 Change size?            (Yes) No   Don't know
14.4 Change color?           (Yes) No   Don't know
14.5 Break up into parts or explode?   Yes (No)   Don't know
14.6 Give off smoke?         Yes (No)   Don't know
14.7 Change brightness?      Yes (No)   Don't know
14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate?   Yes (No)   Don't know
14.9 Remain motionless?      Yes (No)   Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): (Yes) No   Don't know
15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? [handwritten note]

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
16.1 Sound Noisy
16.2 Color Lighted but could not tell two outside

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

[There are some additional handwritten notes and a sketch at the bottom of the page showing directional arrows and object positions]


- page 109 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pea
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk

f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? 2000-3000 feet.
20.2 How far was it from you? 1000-2000 feet or _______ miles
20.3 How fast was it going? 40-600 miles per hour.
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly
(b) Gradually

c. Other
d. Don't remember


- page 110 -

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when when you last saw it.

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

The page contains three diagrams illustrating instructions for tracking an object's movement and position relative to the horizon and the observer's eye.


- page 111 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Report on Unidentified Flying Object

Bermuda                                Intelligence Division, MATS
                                        Westover AFB, Mass.
14 July 1952                            5 July 1952

Major Madison G. Thomas, USAF           Air Force Personnel and Civilian
                                        Personnel

1. The following Spot Report was received from the Intelligence Officer, Bermuda
Base Command, MATS-USAF, Kindley AFB, Bermuda. The date of the information contained
herein is 14 July 1952.

    a. "On 6 July 1952 an unidentified air object was observed by sight (3)
persons at approximately 2200 hours at Long Beach which is located on the southern shore of Warwick Parish, Bermuda.

    b. Three of these observers are Air Force personnel and each one was interrogated separately. These account of this object are in conformity with each
other. The following is a description of what was seen:

    "(1) The object was first observed by S/Sgt [ILLEGIBLE] at 2229. The object
was moving in a north to south direction and appeared to be directly overhead.

    "(2) The object was round and appeared to be spinning. It did not change
condition, but the observer could not be certain. The altitude could not be estimated, although the azimuth could not be determined.

    "(3) The object was observed for seven minutes in this position. During
this time it appeared to be a highly polished silver color.

    "(4) Approximately 2229, the object turned on its side and formed a
long circular tube. At this time it gave off a yellow, then a faint green glow. It
then turned to the original position and immediately disappeared.

c. The Base personnel interrogated were S/Sgt [ILLEGIBLE], Radio
Warehouse and Contracting Group Material Office, S/Sgt [ILLEGIBLE] Radio
[ILLEGIBLE] and qualified aid Group Interpreter 53rd Signal Sqn Hqs, and T/Sgt
[ILLEGIBLE] of Base Personnel Affairs.

    Other observers of this object were [ILLEGIBLE]. The object was also observed by two civilians,
believed to be locals, whose identity cannot be established.

    d. The weather at the time of the observation was fair, with broken clouds
at an estimated 1500 and 2500 feet. Visibility was 15 miles, and the wind was calm.

    e. Observers reported that the object was stationary with the observation, and at
the time the object disappeared, the sky was clear in the immediate area."

APPROVED BY:

MADISON G. THOMAS
Major, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Division
Directorate of Plans

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 112 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy blurring. The only clearly readable text at the bottom of the page says:

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 6 YEARS
DCD DR 5200.10

The rest of the document appears to be a text document with multiple lines, but the text is too blurry to make out individual words or letters.


- page 113 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten sketch of a lighted oval/disc-shaped object with an arrow indicating movement]

Handwritten note near sketch: "when moving, the object would seem to glide"

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One) Yes [ ] No [ ]

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Handwritten response: "I believe it was a plane. Partly, but as some others certainly. It was moving very slow. Or it could move nearly hovering. It could and maybe lights what so ever."

28. Give the following information about yourself:
[Personal details are redacted/blacked out]

NAME: [Blacked out]
ADDRESS: [Street blacked out] Medical [City] Elgin [State]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Blacked out]

What is your present job? Government Market Driver
Age: 35
Sex: MALE
Last School Attended: Military High School
Year of last attendance at this school: 1942


- page 114 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]
Modesto, Fla.

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper if necessary.

Dear Sir,

I guess in the Naval Aviation Service for 6 years during World War two as Aviation Machinist Mate. I followed aviation closely until discharge. I know there the air ship & our unusual some thing new to me. FIRST the material pit was made of (blank), the power plant - just started et. of had trimply never seen before, take off. The fence of this air ship was not broken. I was anyway off & could tell if was a twilight nite and it was easy to see from outside & think. I would say if it was hundred feet above ground level it was made of something else.


- page 115 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Transcript ext. I could it hear a sound
within perled was afflicted for the horizon
run now how it fruitful take off gliding
up. My belief was at the moment the
men wanted to shoot the stars far
a cloud our navigation. I dont know
how long they had been there before
I sweethened. I thought at once if such
them at first it was to Comdt. I could
see the object. The first words of his eyes
told me. Woolyn who is that we the almost
first ship ever knew at Comdt. I the
first ship ever knew from the second
but the exact words nearly back to the
now of the 2nd. Sgt. We carried him for
part finally, and the 1st. Sgt. and slightly
with mostly of personal maneuvers and
returned back to St. send pointing for
Keating went. I the other demigod a no good
easily. I the position of the enemy a no ground
is what I fit made me believe it was
a Comdt. I firms when the boys lights. I
am on and it begin to move toward that
him stand and out. I wished when time from

Note: Some words may be misinterpreted due to the handwritten nature of the document, but this is the best OCR output possible.


- page 116 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

So long since this short st. has *some
cloud settled! I would not bother about
this because I brought it was something
I was once dry I need where some angry
offices will *here wasn't anything
but cloud Contain Causing the I light
I might he could some safe these *light
and if he didn't know nice about
if then I do he would change his
thinking I'll *hope they slip to those
and still I haven't Caused after to-much
bother.
Sincerely Igress

[Location]
Ilinois

Note: Some words are unclear or potentially misread due to the handwritten nature of the document. The text appears to be a personal letter with somewhat fragmented or stream-of-consciousness writing.


- page 117 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

SMC

[Partial text at top of document, partially illegible]
-25 miles, sighting at 7:00, observed
white light "over over" Columbus.

[On right side stamp/filing area]
RETURN TO:
[Some text is illegible in this section]

[A number appears to be: 21 Jul 1952]


- page 118 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

IN REPLY REFER TO: SD 24-21

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Observed
Over Columbus, Ohio, on 27 July 1952
Capt. HAROLD B. KINTSON, Observer
SPECIAL INQUIRY

TO: Commanding Officer
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio
ATTN: ATI

Attached hereto for your information and any action deemed appropriate is one copy of letter from the 4th OSI District (IG), Bolling Air Force Base, Washington, D. C., addressed to Director of Special Investigations, Headquarters USAF, Washington 25, D. C., dated 30 July 1952, file 24-0-211.

1 Incl
Cy ltr dtd 30 Jul 52 fr DO #

JAMES H. GUNN
Lt Colonel, USAF
District Commander

4 August 1952

Handwritten notes:
"27 Jul 52"
"Columbus, Ohio"

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 119 -

4TH DISTRICT OFFICE, OSI-LG
POOLING AIR FORCE BASE
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

UNCLASSIFIED
30 JUL 1952

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Observed
Over Columbus, Ohio, on 27 July 1952
Capt. HAROLD B. EMERSON, Observer
SPECIAL INQUIRY

TO: Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters USAF
Washington 25, D. C.

1. The following information is being furnished for the information of Headquarters OSI, and also for the information of District Office No. 5 because it is concerned an incident which occurred within the jurisdictional confines of that office.

2. Captain HAROLD B. EMERSON, AO-80672, 1100th Air Base Wing, Bolling Air Force Base, Ste. 247, reported that while flying a B-25 at 0005 hours on 27 July 1952 from Des Moines to Washington at an altitude of 7,000 feet, at a speed of 260 miles per hour, on a heading of 045 degrees (NE), he observed, in the vicinity of Columbus, Ohio, a white light flying at the same altitude over Columbus. The 1st observed to be stationary until he approached it and then the light appeared to climb as in a "chandelle". At the time the climb began, the light separated into two (2) lights of equal size and shape. The object continued for only a period of some five (5) to ten (10) seconds and was then at an altitude of 10,000 feet to 15,000 feet as leveled off. Then it started in a westerly direction at approximately 270 degrees, traveling at an estimated air speed of 75 to 150 miles per hour.

3. When the object passed the B-25 in which Capt. EMERSON was flying, the object appeared to have two (2) lights, one (2) at the top and two (2) at the bottom, which blinked alternately. The captain observed that a few (1) green light but recalled that some of the lights were red. The lights were visible after the object passed already then, Capt. EMERSON came to the conclusion that the lights were not landing lights of a conventional type aircraft.

4. Captain EMERSON stated that he was and still is of the opinion that the object was an aircraft but he admitted that the facts which he presented did not support his opinion.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 120 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Ltr, DQ 46, CSI, HAVB, Wash, DC, to Dir of Sp Invest, HQ USAF, Wash, DC
File 240-211, dtd                     Subj: Unidentified Flying Object
Observed Over Columbus, Ohio, on 27 July 1952, Capt. HAROLD B. KIMSON,
Observer, SPECIAL INQUIRY

5. With Capt. KIMSON in the B-25 were a Colonel WATMAN of the
Pentagon, a Lt. Col. SHULLEY also of the Pentagon, another colonel
whose name the captain did not recall, and the crew chief. All of
these persons observed the light in flight.

6. All of the officers aboard the B-25 were pilots, and Capt.
KIMSON and his crew, 2000 hours, 27 July 1952, had been on a (6) year
service as an Intelligence Officer.

[Signature]
DONALD B. WHITE
Colonel, USAF
District Commander

cpl DO 55

UNCLASSIFIED

2


- page 121 -

Here is the text from the document:

AT/12

Yellowwhite
Lite over Columbus, O.     OHO EST 78 July

Watching lite at 8-10 miles.

Stood ahead on horizon, appeared
stationary for 30-40 pace. Suddenly
gained alt rapidly (10-15 else are 6-7 sec)
began to glide. Moved to left and
fused it on right. (Above & to left
at that time) Appears to retain
intensity constant. Slow moving, if at all.

Col. John F. Wadman   1384A
Dir Manpower & Organ.
756-48

Ref Birkner

[There are some additional illegible handwritten notes at the bottom right of the document]


- page 122 -

HEADQUARTERS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
BOLLING AIR FORCE BASE
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

HC 319                                                                 TD/BLB/jaa
                                                                        30 JUL 1952

SUBJECT:  Air Intelligence Information Report (FLYOBRT)

TO:       Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center
          Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio
          ATTN: ATIAS-2c

Transmitted herewith is Air Intelligence Report as required by
Air Force Letter 200-5 dated 29 April 1952.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

1 Incl: AF Form 112                                    L. H. BENEKE
                                                        Major, USAF
                                                        Adjutant General


- page 123 -

The text in the header is partially illegible. 

At the bottom of the document, I can clearly read:

UNCLASSIFIED

And near the bottom right, there is a stamp that says:
DOWNGRADED
DECLASSIFIED
AFTER 10 YEARS

Most of the body text is too faint and blurry to read with certainty. Large portions of the text appear to be obscured or washed out, making a complete OCR transcription impossible.


- page 124 -

United States

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

AREA REPORTED ON: Columbus, Ohio

FROM (Agency): Director of Intelligence, Hq Comd, USAF

DATE OF REPORT: 29 July 1952         DATE OF INFORMATION: 27 July 1952

PREPARED BY (OSI): BENJAMIN L. BENSON, Capt., USAF     SOURCE: HAROLD B. SKIDSON, Capt., USAF

SUMMARY:
The following information is submitted in accordance with AF Ltr 200-5 dtd 29 April 1958,

[Signature of BENJAMIN L. BENSON]
BENJAMIN L. BENSON
Capt., USAF
Director of Intelligence
Headquarters Command, USAF

UNCLASSIFIED

[Footer notes]
1 cy: Director of Intelligence, Headquarters United States Air Force, wash 25, D.C.
1 cy: Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

NOTE: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C...
[rest of footer text is partially illegible]


- page 125 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: Director of Intelligence
Headquarters Command, USAF

REPORT NO.
52-2

PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object

TO: Director of Intelligence
Headquarters Command, USAF
Bolling AFB
Washington 25, D.C.

DESCRIPTION: Color: white; size: approximately four (4) times larger than a star, number originally stationary white light at 8,000 feet but at the beginning of the climb: moved in (2) distinct lights are those of an aircraft for landing lights, aerodynamic features: high rate of climb, no glow or beam as landing lights. Dive course: Disappeared on heading at 270 degrees, speed approximately 75 to 100 miles per hour with a 270 degree heading.

TIME: 2400 hours, 27 July 1952.

OBSERVATION: Visual from B-25 flying at 7,500 feet; speed 220 MPH on heading of 90°.

LOCATION OF OBSERVER: ten (10) miles SSW of Columbus, Ohio. Object was approximately (1) mile compass, Columbus, Ohio at 8,000 feet stationary.

OBSERVERS: 1. Capt. Harold B. Kimmel (this report), Cdr. Nathan (Photog) 1st Col.
2. (Unnamed) and another Colonel, whose name is withheld
Flight with Capt. Kimmel was Capt. Nathan (Cdr) who observed the object. Capt. Kimmel is a Senior Navigator with over 3,000 hours flying time and has served as an Intelligence Officer.

WEATHER: Scattered clouds at 10,000 feet visibility fifteen (15) miles, wind west to northwest (10) knots. Approximately 8,000 feet activity noted.

NARRATIVE: While flying a B-25 over Columbus, D.P., approximately the same altitude as I was flying. It appeared to be stationary until we approached closer to Columbus then the object appeared to climb as an instant of equal size. The climb was (1) to (2) points of compass. The object maintained for only a few seconds/five (5) to ten (10) seconds level at approximately 10,000 feet, then passed it appeared to have started west with (4) at top and two (2) at bottom, blinking alternately. Trailing west. Lights remained after passage as which would be my opinion ultimate possibility of landing lights at aircraft.

PILOTS EVALUATION: Through out the flight did the observation it was noted that the object was an unidentified flying object.

UNCLASSIFIED
HAROLD B. KIMMEL
Capt. USAF, AO-850872
1100th Air Base Wing, Phase 1 247

[Note: The bottom of the document contains a standard disclaimer about transmission and reproduction of the document]


- page 126 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

27 Jul 52

BRIDGE APD, MICH.

3 A.M.

7 Min.

Silver-white objects traveled at high speed in trail formation. Source is 3 P-29

1. Numerous aircraft in a.m.


- page 127 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE - 4635.01

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object?
1.1 Date: 27 July 1952
          Day   Month   Year

1.2 Time of day: 10 5 A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
               Hrs. Min.

1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
    a. Eastern                d. Pacific
    b. Central                e. Other _______
    c. Mountain

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                  b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are
    of your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain                c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain         d. Just a guess

2. Where did you see the object?
   Selkirk AEB                                 Mich.
   Postal Address             City or Town     State     Country

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
   (Circle One): a. Inside a building         d. In an airplane
                 b. In a car                  e. At sea
                 c. Outdoors                  f. Other _______

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                  b. In the residential section of a city?
                  c. In open countryside?
                  d. Flying near an airfield?
                  e. Flying over a city?
                  f. Flying over open country?
                  g. Other Old R.R. Base


- page 128 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

4. How did you happen to notice the object? I was laying on the sample looking up at the sky first happened to see them.

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
27    July    1952
Day    Month    Year

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? I was flying northwest during waiting for take off.

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? By to list the activity or activities, and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
I was preflight the air craft before take off which took one about I flew.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes or No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions.
7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One): a. North    c. South
             b. Northeast    d. Southwest
             c. East    e. West
             d. Southeast    f. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No


- page 129 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

8. What direction were you facing when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North            e. South
             b. Northeast        f. Southwest
             c. East             g. (West)
             d. Southeast        h. Northwest (almost straight up)

8.1 What direction were you facing when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North            e. South
              b. Northeast        f. Southeast
              c. East             g. West
              d. Southeast        h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above two questions. (8 and 8.1)
     a. Certain           c. Not very sure
     b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes or NO

10. How was the object seen?
(Circle One): a. Through window glass    e. Through theodolite
              b. Through windshield       f. Through sun glasses
              c. Through binoculars       g. Through open space
              d. Through telescope        h. Other _______

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)                 11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
      a. Clear sky                         a. Dry
      b. Hazy                              b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
      c. Scattered clouds                  c. Moderate or heavy rain
      d. Thick or heavy clouds             d. Snow
      e. Don't remember                    e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)                   11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
      a. No wind                           a. Cold
      b. Slight breeze                     b. Cool
      c. Strong wind                       c. Warm
      d. Don't remember                    d. Hot
                                           e. Don't remember


- page 130 -

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object?
    Hours: [blank]   Minutes: [blank]   Seconds: 50

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
    a. Certain    b. Fairly sure    c. Not very sure    d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent?

14. Did the object at any times:
    14.1 Change direction?       Yes (No)   Don't know
    14.2 Change speed?           Yes (No)   Don't know
    14.3 Change size?            Yes (No)   Don't know
    14.4 Change color?           Yes (No)   Don't know
    14.5 Break up into parts or explode?   Yes (No)   Don't know
    14.6 Give off smoke?         Yes (No)   Don't know
    14.7 Change brightness?      Yes (No)   Don't know
    14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate?        Yes (No)   Don't know
    14.9 Remain motionless?      Yes (No)   Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes (No)   Don't know
    15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? [blank]

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
    16.1 Sound     None
    16.2 Color     Fuzzy White

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 5
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

[Handwritten note at bottom: All flying from north to south at different]


- page 131 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pen
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk

f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other Ping Pong Ball

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the objects:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? 4,000 feet.
20.2 How far was it from you? _____ feet or _____ miles
20.3 How fast was it going? _____ 600 miles per hour.
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly
b. Gradually

c. Other
d. Don't remember


- page 132 -

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

The page contains three diagrams illustrating different ways of tracking an object's movement relative to the horizon and the observer's eye.

At the bottom of the page, there are some handwritten notes: "So-N" on the left side and "Overhead", "o", "My eye", and "No-N" on the right side.


- page 133 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

It was just round like a ball.

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes   No

26.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

No opinion

28. Give the following information about yourself:

NAME: Klick    Kenneth    Earle
        Last Name   First Name   Middle Name

ADDRESS: 3652 Rm. Syd.   702 Rm. Wag.   Muddy MFR.
           Street         City          Zone    State

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [blank]

What is your present job? Gunner in B-29

Age: 41

Sex: Male

Last School Attended: Livonia Central

Year of last attendance at this school: 1942


- page 134 -

Due to the poor image quality, much of the text is illegible. I can make out a few partial words and phrases, but cannot confidently reproduce a complete, accurate transcription of the document. Some text is visible, but most of the page appears blurred and washed out, making comprehensive OCR extremely difficult.

The bottom right of the page appears to have some faint markings or text, but these are not clear enough to definitively read.


- page 135 -

Page 8

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
These men reported them the same time I did.

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper if necessary.

I observed the object at different intervals, 2 the first time and one each the 3 other times.


- page 136 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object:
1.1 Date: 27 July 52
1.2 Time of Day: 11 16 A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
    a. Eastern
    b. Central
    c. Mountain

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                 b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object:
   Selfridge AFB
   Postal Address    City or Town   Mich.   USA
   Additional Remarks:

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
   (Circle One): a. Inside a building
               b. In a car
               c. Outdoors
               d. In an airplane
               e. At sea
               f. Other

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                 b. In the residential section of a city?
                 c. In open countryside?
                 d. Flying near an airfield?
                 e. Flying over a city?
                 f. Flying over open country?
                 g. Other ON AIRCRAFT PARKING RAMP


- page 137 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

4. How did you happen to notice the object?
lying down under the wing of our plane looking at sky in particular just the sky and suddenly saw them

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
27      July       52
Day     Month      Year

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? lying down

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object?
Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
First lighting and looking at our aircraft

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes    or    No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One):   a. North         e. South
                b. Northeast     f. Southwest
                c. East          g. West
                d. Southeast     h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes    or    No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
(Circle One):   a. North         e. South
                b. Northeast     f. Southwest
                c. East          g. West
                d. Southeast     h. Northwest


- page 138 -

8.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North           g. South
             b. Northeast      f. Southwest
             c. East           g. West
             d. Southeast      h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
your answer to the above question and preceding question (8 and
8.1).
             a. Certain        c. Not very sure
             b. Fairly certain d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes    or    No

10. How was the object seen?
    (Circle One): a. Through window glass   e. Through theodolite
                 b. Through windshield      f. Through sunglasses
                 c. Through binoculars      g. Through open space
                 d. Through telescope       h. Other _____________

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the
object?
11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)                   11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
     a. Clear sky                           a. Dry
     b. Hazy                                b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
     c. Scattered clouds                    c. Moderate or heavy rain
     d. Thick or heavy clouds               d. Snow
     e. Don't remember                      e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)                     11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
     a. No wind                             a. Cold
     b. Slight breeze                       b. Cool
     c. Strong wind                         c. Warm
     d. Don't remember                      d. Hot
                                            e. Don't remember

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object: _____ Hours _____ Minutes _____ Seconds
                                                                             20


- page 139 -

Page 4

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your
answer to Question 12:

a. Certain
b. Fairly sure

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) (Solid) or Transparent

14. Did the object at any times:
(Circle One for each question)

14.1 Change direction?
14.2 Change speed?
14.3 Change size?
14.4 Change color?
14.5 Break up into parts or
explode?
14.6 Give off smoke?
14.7 Change brightness?
14.8 Flicker, throb, or
pulsate?
14.9 Remain motionless?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know

Yes

No

Don't know

Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes (No) Don't know

15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? ________

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
16.1 Sound ____No sound_______
16.2 Color ____Between Silver & Pure White_______

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____2____
Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the
direction they were traveling.

[Sketch of objects with directional notation]

then about 2 minutes
later another same direction

18. Did the object at any times:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know

18.1 IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind. ________


- page 140 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pea
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk

f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other (a Ring Rogue or Ball)

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? ______ feet
20.2 How far was it from you? ______ feet or ______ miles
20.3 How fast was it going? ______ 300 miles per hour
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly
b. Gradually

c. Other
d. Don't remember

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (anytime) when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

Overhead

Horizon

You


- page 141 -

Page 6

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead
[Diagram showing a curved path from horizon to horizon with labels S, B, A, N, and "You"]
Horizon                                Horizon

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.
[Diagram showing a long curved path labeled S, B, with a stick figure and an arrow pointing North]

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Diagram showing an oval shape labeled "South"]


- page 142 -

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One) YES or NO

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Don't know

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME ROGERS           CYRIL         HENRY JR
Last Name             First Name     Middle Name

ADDRESS 2305 CARDENAS TAMPA                 FLA
         Street        City           Zone   State

TELEPHONE NUMBER 85-5465

What is your present job?  Capt USAF

Age    34

Sex   MALE

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) YES or NO

29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) YES or NO

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
1st Samuels, 365th B.S. MAC, LL AFB FLA


- page 143 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 8

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper, if necessary.


- page 144 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE
46 35.00

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object:
1.1 Date: 27 JULY 1952
1.2 Time of Day: 10 05 A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zones: (Circle One):
    a. Eastern         d. Pacific
    b. Central         e. Other
    c. Mountain

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                  b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
    your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain         c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain  d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object:
[Handwritten text appears to be a postal address, but is not fully legible]
    Postal Address         City or Town    State   Country

Additional Remarks:

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
    (Circle One): a. Inside a building    d. In an airplane
                  b. In a car             e. At sea
                  c. Outdoors             f. Other

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                  b. In the residential section of a city?
                  c. In open countryside?
                  d. Flying near an airfield?
                  e. Flying over a city?
                  f. Flying over open country?
                  g. Other [Handwritten: On an airfield]


- page 145 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality. However, I can clearly read two things:

1. "UNCLASSIFIED" at the bottom of the page
2. "DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS" next to the "UNCLASSIFIED" marking

The rest of the text appears to be blurred and cannot be accurately transcribed.


- page 146 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

4. How did you happen to notice the object? Dews looking around

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
27    JULY    1952
Day    Month    Year    within 30 minutes of sighting to base official

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? flying an m
jack in the slats of F-84 wing on the gunnery strip

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object?
Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
Preflight aircraft & show

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes    or    No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One):    a. North    g. South
                b. Northeast    h. Southwest
                c. East    e. West
                d. Southeast    f. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes    or    No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
(Circle One):    a. North    g. South
                b. Northeast    h. Southwest
                c. East    e. West
                d. Southeast    f. Northwest
(up) & little to the right


- page 147 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

8.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North                e. South
             b. Northeast            f. Southwest
             c. East                 g. West
             d. Southeast            h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the FOLLOWING to indicate how certain you are of
your answer to the above question and preceding question (8 and 8.1).

    a. Certain                      c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain               d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes    or    NO

10. How was the object seen?
    (Circle One): a. Through window glass    e. Through theodolite
                 b. Through windshield       f. Through sunglasses
                 c. Through binoculars       g. Through open space
                 d. Through telescope        h. Other ____________

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)             11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
     a. Clear sky                          a. Dry
     b. Hazy                               b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
     c. Scattered clouds                   c. Moderate or heavy rain
     d. Thick or heavy clouds              d. Snow
     e. Don't remember                     e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)                11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
     a. No wind                            a. Cold
     b. Slight breeze                      b. Cool
     c. Strong wind                        c. Warm
     d. Don't remember                     d. Hot
                                           e. Don't remember

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object: _____ Hours _____ Minutes _____ Seconds

The final line appears to have some handwritten text that is partially illegible.


- page 148 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your
answer to Question 12:

a. Certain
b. Fairly sure

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent

14. Did the object at any time:

14.1 Change direction?
14.2 Change speed?
14.3 Change size?
14.4 Change color?
14.5 Break up into parts or
explode?
14.6 Give off smoke?
14.7 Change brightness?
14.8 Flicker, throb, or
pulsate?
14.9 Remain motionless?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know

15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light?

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?

16.1 Sound   None

16.2 Color   White

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the
direction they were traveling.

[A hand-drawn sketch with some text that is partially illegible]

18. Did the object at any time:

18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know

IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.


- page 149 -

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
    a. Pea
    b. Baseball
    c. Basketball
    d. Bicycle wheel
    e. Office desk

    f. Automobile
    g. Small airplane
    h. Large airplane
    i. Dirigible
    j. Other (faint writing)

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the/earth was it? 30,000 feet or miles
20.2 How far was it from you? 20,000 feet or miles per hour
20.3 How fast was it going? miles per hour
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
    (Circle One): a. Suddenly
    b. Gradually
    c. Other
    d. Don't remember

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

[A diagram is included showing a sketch with "You", "Horizon", and "Disappeared from Sight" labeled]


- page 150 -

Page 6

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

[Diagram showing overhead view with horizon line and observer position]

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

[Handwritten notes: 50'th, Notes, E - Straight Line A]

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten notes: Round + Flat, S <-- Direction of Flight --> N]


- page 151 -

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One) Yes or No

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
In my opinion, I had never observed objects such as these before, I believe that such objects were not of earth.

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME: SAMUEL MALVIN WAYNE
ADDRESS: 445 BRIDGES LOW, MACDILL AFB, CLA.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 60-32 32
What is your present job? Bombardier Observer
Age: 36
Sex: M

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes or No

29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Cpt Cyril Rogers - 365 4th Bin. Macdill AFB, Fla.
S/Sgt Klink


- page 152 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 8

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same side paper, if necessary.

In all 5 objects were sighted by 3 of us. I personally saw the first two which were together. The third single. The fourth I missed but this was observed by 5/car KLINK, who had observed the first two & the last two objects.

1508 x


- page 153 -

UNCLASSIFIED

RA0026

UPB119
YMX944
JEDFJ A079
PP JEPNB JEDBW JEPHQ JEDUPP JEDEN SUPVR JEDEJ
2U1 JPENB A218 S/W H/W-ZDK JEDFJ 24/P/R272323Z-AS REQ PD VOL ZDK TO
JEDEN JEPNQ JEDUPP JEDEN

DE JEDFJ 24
F 272W20Z ZNJ ZPD SPECIMEN DUPLICATE
FM CO 476TH DEF WG SELFRIDGE AFB MICH
TO JEPNQ/DOI HQ USAF WASHINGTON DC
JEDUPP/MATIC WRIGHT PARRERSON AFB OHIO
JEDEN/CG ADC ENT AFB COLORADO SPRINGS COLO
JEPNB/CG EADF STEWART AFB NEWBURGH NY
INFO JEDBW/CG 3G ADIV WILLOW RUN APRT BELLEVILLE MICH
DOI 0793J3 PD FLYOBRPT PD ITEM ONE CLN FIVE/03J
SIGHTED CMA NO ONE AND TWO IN TRAIL FORMATION CMA WITH THREE CMA FOUR
CMA AND FIVE FOL SAME FLT PATH BUT NOT REPT NOT AT ANY SET INTERVAL PD
SILVERY WHITE BUT MORE WHITE THAN SILVER PD NO EXHAUST OR CONTRAILS PD
(SPEED EST TO BE SIX TIMES SPEED OF FOXTROT NINE FOUR) ACFT PASSING OVER
B AT FOUR ZERO ZERO ZERO FEET APPROX TWO ZERO MIN AFTER SIGHTING OF
OBJ PD FOXTROT NINE FOUR ON INTCP MSN IN CONNECTION WITH OPR SIGNPOST
PD OBJ APPEARED SLIGHTLY LARGER AT ITS ALT THAN FOXTROT NINE FOURS AT
THEIR ALT PD ALT OBJ UNKNOWN PD FIRST FOUR AT SAME ALT PD FIFTH OBJ ONE
THIRD LOWER THAN REST AND CLIMBING PD ALL DISAPPEARED BY FLYING OUT OF

UNCLASSIFIED

PAGE TWO JEDFJ 24


- page 154 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(SPEED EST TO BE SIX TIMES SPEED OF FOXTROT NINE FOUR) ACFT PASSING OVER
B AT FOUR ZERO ZERO ZERO FEET APPROX TWO ZERO MIN AFTER SIGHTING OF
OBJ PD FOXTROT NINE FOUR ON INTCP MSN IN CONNECTION WITH OPR SIGNPOST
PD OBJ APPEARED SLIGHTLY LARGER AT ITS ALT THAN FOXTROT NINE FOURS AT
THEIR ALT PD ALT OBJ UNKNOWN PD FIRST FOUR AT SAME ALT PD FIFTH OBJ ONE
THIRD LOWER THAN REST AND CLIMBING PD ALL DISAPPEARED BY FLYING OUT OF

UNCLASSIFIED

PAGE TWO JEDFJ 24

RG OF VISION PD ITEM TWO FROM ONE ZERO ZERO FIVE EST TO ONE ZERO ONE TWO
EST PD ITEM TWO FROM ONE ZERO ZERO FIVE EST TO ONE ZERO ONE TWO EST PD
ITEM THREE VISUAL FROM GRD ONLY PD ITEM FOUR SIGHTING MADE FROM CEN OF
RAMP AT SELFRIDGE AFB MICH PD OBJ CROSSED OVER B ON DIRECT CRSE FR N TO S
PD DIS AND ALT UNKNOWN PD ITEM FIVE RELIABILITY OF OBSR VERY DEPENDABLE
PD THREE MEMBERS OF CMBT TEADY BRAVO TWO NINE CREW OF SAC PD CAPT CYRIL
R ROGERS JR CMA AO 9738820 CMA 365 BB SQ MACDILL AFB FLA PD 1ST LT MALVIN
W SAMUEL CMA A0757668 CMA SAME UNIT PD S/SGT KENNETH E KLINK CMA AF
12355267 CMA SAME UNIT PD MEMBERS OF THIS B NOT AS WELL QUAL REPT TO HAVE
MADE THE SAME OBSERVATION PD ITEM SIX FR THREE ONE ZERO AT FIVE SEVEN
KNOTS AT FOUR ZERO ZERO ZERO ZERO PD FR THREE ONE ZERO AT FOVE SEVEN KNOTS
AT FOUR ZERO ZERO ZERO ZERO PD FR THREE ONE ZERO AT FOUR NINE KNOTS AT
FOUR ZERO FIVE ZERO ZERO CMA HIGHEST OVSR MADE AT ONE ZERO ZERO ZERO
EST PD ITEM SEVEN WEATHER CLEAR PD NEG ACTY APPLICABLE PD ITEM EIGHT
NEGATIVE ITEM NINE NEGATIVE ITEM TEN EIGHT FOXTROT NINE FOUR ACFT IN LOCAL
AREA UNDER GCI CONTROL CLIMBING TO INTCP BRAVO THREE SIX ACFT ENTERING
AREA FR NE PD THESACFT OVER FLD TWO ZERO MIN LATER THAN SIGHTINGS PD
NEG CONTACT OF FIVE OBJ LOCAL ACW AND GCI PD PAR[ILLEGIBLE] CMA
14555 HALCOTT CMA FERNDALE PAREN 20 PAREN CMA MICH CMA MEMBER OF AFROTC
CMA AT ONE ZERO FOUR FIVE EST CMA OBSR ONE OBJ OF ABOVE DESCRIPTION
CMA SPEED CMA ET CETERA CMA OVER BRAVO THREE SIX FORMATION PD OBJ TVL FR
S TC N PD END
C1726242 JUL JEDFJ


- page 155 -

PROJECT BLUE BOOK

27 : 52

1. Data not defined.

Radar operator saw pale blue object
gliding over land. Object had rotating,
pulsating motion.


- page 156 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy shadowing. The only clearly readable text is "UNCLASSIFIED" at the bottom of the page.


- page 157 -

Here is the text from the document:

USAF-NATS

IR-508-52 UNCLASSIFIED                29 July 52
                                        Huntington Calif
                                        27/0752

Unidentified Flying Objects Sighted in Los Angeles, California Area 27 and 28 July 1952
Flight Service, NATS
Southern California                     3000 Newark Street, N.W., Washington 25, DC

28 July 1952                            27 and 28 July 1952                P-3

Gerald E. Tyler, Major, USAF            Civilian observers
Teletype reports as  oiled in Part II

Several sightings reports are included in Part II of this form due to non-receipt
of confirmation reports containing complete information. All reports contained with
the Civil Aeronautics Administration and were relayed by Flight Service. Coordination
has been offered to clarify procedure for field validation.

All sightings contained in this report occurred in the Los Angeles area during
the period 272135P and 282205P July 1952. Witness reports vary in describing objects
from just like and emitting a rippling 500 cycle pitch noise to intensely bright and
emitting rod and green flashers. Another was described as large, round of a deep
orange color, visible for 12 minutes before disappearing.

                                        GERALD E. TYLER
                                        Major, USAF
                                        Acting Intelligence Officer

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: ATIAC-2s

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 158 -

Flight Service, MATS
3800 Nebraska Avenue, N. W.
Washington 25, D. C.

DR-508-52                                2       3

1. Reference FIXORPT 2800BSP submitted by March Flight Service Center. At 2205P 27 July 1952 an object circled directly over and to the east of the observers residence at 1000 to 1500 feet altitude. It had a rippling sound approximately 500 cycle pitch, color pale blue. The object hovered overhead then disappeared going straight up. Witness called the Burbank, California, police and was advised to call CAA.

2. No weather information submitted.

3. Witness: [Redacted] Street, Sunland, California, telephone [Redacted]

4. No air traffic information submitted. Witness was apparently not interrogated.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 159 -

21 JUL 1952

WEDGE 25
GPOP JEDWP
DE JEDWP SZ
OP 280S20Z

FM MARCH FLIGHT SERVICE CENTER MARCH AFB CALIF
TO ZEN/HQDRS USAF WASHDC
JEDWP/AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER ATTN ATIAA-2C
WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
ZEN/CG ENT AFB COLORADO SPRINGS COLO
ZEN/CO MATS INTELLIGENCE DIVISION WASHDC
ZEN/C/CMDR FLIGHT SERVICE WASHDC
ZEN/CG 15TH AF MARCH AFB CALIF
FLYBPT

MR [REDACTED] DEFENSE COMMUNICATIONS AND HAM OPERATOR
SKULLVILLE SUNLAND TELEPHONE FLA. HE REPORTED APP.2335P
THAT HE SAW A FLYING OBJECT CIRCLING DIRECT OVERHEAD AND TOO THE EAST
FROM 1000 FEET TO 1500 FEET AND DECENDING IT HAD A RIPPLING SOUND
AS IF IT WAS IN 500 CYCLES PITCH COLOR PALE BLUE IT HOVERED
OVERHEAD AND THEN IT WENT STRAIGHT UP AND DISAPPEARED. THE ABOVE
PERSON CALLED THE BURBANK POLICE AND WAS ADVISED TO NOTICY THE CAA

280S20Z JULY JEDWP


- page 160 -

Here is the text from the document:

WPC659
TYC829
JEPHO B236
RN JEPP
DE JEPHO 547A
R 282154Z

FN HQ USAF WASHOC
TO CCAAC WPAFB OHIO

ATTN ATIC ATIAC-5 FROM AFOIN 41627 FOLG MSG RECD FROM BURBANK FLT

SVC FLA CLN "CIRVIS" [REDACTED] DEFENSE COMMUNICATOR AND MAN OPERATOR
14912 SKULLVILL CUM LAND TELEPHONE FLORIDA [REDACTED] HE REPORTED

APPROXIMATELY 2355 PACIFIC TIME THAT HE SAW A FLYING OBJECT CIRCLING
DIRECTLY OVERHEAD AND TO THE EAST FROM 1500 FEET TO 15000 FEET AND
DESCENDING AT A RIPPLING SPEED AS IF IN 500 CYCLES. THE PITCH WAS
A PALE BLUE. IT HOVERED OVERHEAD AND WENT STRAIGHT UP AND DISAPPEARED.

THE ABOVE PERSON CALLED THE BURBANK POLICE AND WAS ADVISED TO NOTIFY
28/2212Z JUL JEPHO


- page 161 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

5 September 1952

Mr. [redacted]
Leygony, Ohio

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Your recent report of unidentified aerial phenomena has been received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center. Enclosed is a questionnaire, which, when completed by you and returned in the enclosed, self-addressed envelope, will aid in standardizing the data and will provide a complete record of the occurrence.

Your interest in reporting the matter and your public spirited desire to be of service are greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]
ROBERT L. KENNEDY
Major, USAF
Air Adjutant General

2 Incls
a/s


- page 162 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object:
1.1 Date: ____ Day ____ Month ____ Year ____

1.2 Time of Day: ____ Hrs. ____ Min. ____ A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)

1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
    a. Eastern             d. Pacific
    b. Central             e. Other ____________
    c. Mountain

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                  b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
    your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain                c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain         d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object:
    ________________ ________________ ________________ ________________
    Additional Address         City or Town         State           Country

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
    (Circle One): a. Inside a building        d. In an airplane
                  b. In a car                 e. At sea
                  c. Outdoors                 f. Other ____________

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                  b. In the residential section of a city?
                  c. In open countryside?
                  d. Flying near an airfield?
                  e. Flying over a city?
                  f. Flying over open country?
                  g. Other ____________


- page 163 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

4. How did you happen to notice the object?

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day     22     Month     170     Year

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object?

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object?
Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount
of time spent on each.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes     or     No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One):   a. North     e. South
                b. Northeast    f. Southwest
                c. East         g. West
                d. Southeast    h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes     or     No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
(Circle One):   a. North     e. South
                b. Northeast    f. Southwest
                c. East         g. West
                d. Southeast    h. Northwest


- page 164 -

Page 3

8.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One)
a. North             e. South
b. Northeast         f. Southwest
c. East              g. West
d. Southeast         h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question and preceding question (8 and 8.1)
a. Certain           c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes    or    No

10. How was the object seen?
(Circle One)   a. Through window glass    e. Through theodolite
               b. Through windshield       f. Through sunglasses
               c. Through binoculars       g. Through open space
               d. Through telescope        h. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)                   11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
      a. Clear sky                           a. Dry
      b. Hazy                                b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
      c. Scattered clouds                    c. Moderate or heavy rain
      d. Thick or heavy clouds               d. Snow
      e. Don't remember                      e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)                     11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
      a. No wind                             a. Cold
      b. Slight breeze                       b. Cool
      c. Strong wind                         c. Warm
      d. Don't remember                      d. Hot
                                             e. Don't remember

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object?    4 1/2    Minutes    Seconds


- page 165 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:

a. Certain
b. Fairly sure

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent

14. Did the object at any time:
(Circle One for each question)

14.1 Change direction?
14.2 Change speed?
14.3 Change size?
14.4 Change color?
14.5 Break up into parts or explode?
14.6 Give off smoke?
14.7 Change brightness?
14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
14.9 Remain motionless?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know

15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? [partially illegible text]

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
16.1 Sound: [partially illegible text]
16.2 Color: [partially illegible text]

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.


- page 166 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
    a. Pea
    b. Baseball
    c. Basketball
    d. Bicycle wheel
    e. Office desk

    f. Automobile
    g. Small airplane
    h. Large airplane
    i. Dirigible
    j. Other _______

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the objects:
    20.1 How high above the earth was it? _______ feet or _______ miles.
    20.2 How far was it from you? _______ feet or _______ miles.
    20.3 How fast was it going? _______ miles per hour.
    20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
        a. Certain
        b. Fairly certain
        c. Not very sure
        d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view
    (Circle One): a. Suddenly   b. Gradually   c. Other _______   d. Don't Remember

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

[The document includes a simple diagram showing a curved line representing the horizon, with a point labeled "You" and space to mark points A and B.]


- page 167 -

Much of the text on this document is illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. The words "UNCLASSIFIED" are visible at the bottom of the page. The document appears to be a typewritten page with multiple lines of text, but the specific content cannot be reliably read.


- page 168 -

Page 6

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.
[Diagram showing a semicircle representing the horizon, with a stick figure labeled "You" at the bottom center, and points marked "A" and "B" on the arc]

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.
[Diagram showing a curved path with a stick figure labeled "Me"]

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Diagram showing a few simple shapes representing an object's path and shape]


- page 169 -

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): YES or NO

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
CITY: Dayton ZONE: Ohio STATE: Ohio

TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
What is your present job? [PARTIALLY ILLEGIBLE]
Age: 16
Sex: MALE

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): YES or NO

29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): YES or NO

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED]


- page 170 -

Page 8

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper, if necessary.

[There appears to be a handwritten note below the typed text, but it is not clearly legible]


- page 171 -

OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object?
1.1 Date: 27   July   1952
1.2 Time of day: 12   45   A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
    a. Eastern    d. Pacific
    b. Central    e. Other
    c. Mountain

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                  b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain    c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

2. Where did you see the object?
    Postal Address    Dayton    Ohio    USA
    City or Town    State    Country

3. Where were you located when you saw the object?
    (Circle One): a. Inside a building    d. In an airplane
                  b. In a car    e. At sea
                  c. Outdoors    f. Other

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                  b. In the residential section of a city?
                  c. (In open countryside)
                  d. Flying near an airfield?
                  e. Flying over a city?
                  f. Flying over open country?
                  g. Other


- page 172 -

Page 2

4. How did you happen to notice the object?
Seen on 28/29

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day     Month     Year     No.

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object?
In bed - vertical to pillow

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Try to list the activity or activities, and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
[Blank lines]

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes or (No)

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions.

7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One):   a. North     e. South
                b. Northeast    f. Southwest
                c. East         g. West
                d. Southeast    h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No


- page 173 -

8. What direction were you facing when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

8.1 What direction were you facing when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above two questions. (8 and 8.1)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No

10. How was the object seen?
(Circle One): a. Through window glass
b. Through windshield
c. Through binoculars
d. Through telescope

e. Through theodolite
f. Through sun glasses
g. Through open space
h. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember


- page 174 -

SECTION G

12. Estimate how long you saw the object?

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly sure
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent?

14. Did the object at any time:
    14.1 Change direction?
    14.2 Change speed?
    14.3 Change size?
    14.4 Change color?
    14.5 Break up into parts or explode?
    14.6 Give off smoke?
    14.7 Change brightness?
    14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
    14.9 Remain motionless?

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know

15.1 If you answered YES, what was the color of the light?

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
    16.1 Sound
    16.2 Color

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.


- page 175 -

Page 5

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
    a. Pen
    b. Baseball
    c. Basketball
    d. Bicycle wheel
    e. Office desk

    f. Automobile
    g. Small airplane
    h. Large airplane
    i. Dirigible
    j. Other ____________

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain

    c. Not very sure
    d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
    20.1 How high above the earth was it? _________ feet.
    20.2 How far was it from you? _________ feet or _________ miles.
    20.3 How fast was it going? _________ miles per hour.
    20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
        a. Certain
        b. Fairly certain

        c. Not very sure
        d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
    (Circle One): a. Suddenly
                 b. Gradually

                 c. Other ____________
                 d. Don't remember


- page 176 -

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.
[Diagram showing an overhead view with a curved line representing the object's path from horizon to overhead]

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.
[Diagram showing a semicircular path from horizon to overhead]

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

[Handwritten note at bottom of page is partially illegible, but appears to reference the object's observation points and movement]


- page 177 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object, label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes ● No

26.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?
Over the hills - this morning

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Space ship possibly - religious move

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job?
Age
Sex
Last School Attended
Year of last attendance at this school

Note: Personal identifying details are blacked out in the document.


- page 178 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy shadowing. There are a few fragments of text visible, but they are too blurry and indistinct to confidently transcribe. The document appears to be a typewritten page with horizontal lines of text, but the details cannot be made out clearly.


- page 179 -

Page 8

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper if necessary.


- page 180 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Varied

Several sightings from scattered areas about 2100 hrs.

1. Reports are

[Note: Much of the text on this page is very faint or illegible. I have only output the text that I can clearly read.]


- page 181 -

SIGHTING NO4: FIVE ROUND ORAGNE COLORED OBJS SIGHTED FLYING VERY FAST FR N TO S AND MAKING ARP TURNS AT 2332PDT, 27 .. OBJS SIGHTED VISUALLY WITHOUT AIDS FR SURFACE. SIGHTED AT W PORTLAND, ORE. AT 45/32N-122/55W.

WINDS ALOFT SAME AS FOR SIGHTING NO3, PAR

SIGHTING NO5, FIVE FLAT AND ROUND METALLIC OBJ FLYING VERY FAST TO S IN V FORMATION. CLIMBED STRAIGHT UP AND DISAPPEARED. MADE A FEW SHARP TURNS SIGHTED FR GOUND VISUALLY WITHOUT AIDS. TIME FF SIGHTING UNK.

SIGHTED AT ST JOHNS DISTRICT NW OF PORTLAND, ORE. NO FURTHER INFO AT THIS TIME WINDS SAME AS IN SIGHTING NO3.

23/144E JUL 4AJB

27 July 52
Portland, Oregon
45°32'30"N
122°35'08"W

Cfy 1


- page 182 -

PAGE TWO JMPML 05A

SIGHTING NO2: FIVE OBJECTS SIGHTED AT 1628 PDT, 27 JUL VISUAL WITHOUT L
AILS. SIGHTED FR GROUND. OBSR LOCATED AT 45/32N-122/35W. WEATHER CAVU. 
WINDS ALOFT 245 DEGREES, 05 KNOTS, 5,000 FT, 345 DEGREES, 25 KNOTS,
24,000 FT. NAMES AND OTHER INFO NOT AVAIL. PAR.

SIGHTING NO3: ONE TRIANGULAR, ORANGE COLORED OBJ SIGHTED AT 1842PDT ON
27 JUL BY VISUAL MEANS WITHOUT AIDS. SEEN FR SURFACE FOUR MILES W OF
PORTLAND, 943 /45/32N-122/50W/ WINDS ALOFT 245 DEGREES, 05KNOTS, 5000
FT, 345 DEGREES 12KNOTSN 12,000 FT 350 DEGREES, 25 KNOTS, 24,000 FT.
PAR.


- page 183 -

21 Jul 52 Dayton, Ohio

OBSERVER'S QUESTIONNAIRE
RESIDENCE PARK

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object?
1.1 Date: 27 JULY 52
     Day    Month   Year

1.2 Time of day: 2001 Hrs.   Min.   A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)

1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
    a. Eastern     d. Pacific
    b. Central     e. Other
    c. Mountain

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                  b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are
    of your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain     c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

2. Where did you see the object?
   HOME                                 City or Town   State   Country

3. Where were you located when you saw the object?
   (Circle One): a. Inside a building    d. In an airplane
                 b. In a car             e. At sea
                 c. Outdoors             f. Other

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                  b. In the residential section of a city?
                  c. In open countryside?
                  d. Flying near an airfield?
                  e. Flying over a city?
                  f. Flying over open country?
                  g. Other


- page 184 -

4. How did you happen to notice the object? LOOKING UP

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day    Month    Year

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object?

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Try to list the activity or activities, and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
MOWING (LAWN)

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes or No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions.

7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One): a. North    e. South
b. Northeast    f. Southwest
c. East    g. West
d. Southeast    h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No


- page 185 -

Page 3

8. What direction were you facing when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North         e. South
             b. Northeast    f. Southwest
             c. East         g. West
             d. Southeast    h. Northwest

8.1 What direction were you facing when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North         e. South
              b. Northeast    f. Southwest
              c. East         g. West
              d. Southeast    h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above two questions. (8 and 8.1)
     a. Certain         c. Not very sure
     b. Fairly certain  d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes    or    No

10. How was the object seen?
    (Circle One): a. Through window glass    e. Through theodolite
                  b. Through windshield      f. Through sun glasses
                  c. Through binoculars      g. Through open space
                  d. Through telescope       h. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)                     11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
     a. Clear sky                             a. Dry
     b. Hazy                                  b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
     c. Scattered clouds                      c. Moderate or heavy rain
     d. Thick or heavy clouds                 d. Snow
     e. Don't remember                        e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)                       11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
     a. No wind                               a. Cold
     b. Slight breeze                         b. Cool
     c. Strong wind                           c. Warm
     d. Don't remember                        d. Hot
                                              e. Don't remember


- page 186 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

SECTION G

12. Estimate how long you saw the object?                    30 sec to 1 min.
    Hours           Minutes         Seconds

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
     your answer to Question 12:
     a. Certain        c. Not very sure
     b. Fairly sure    d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One)  Solid or  Transparent

14. Did the object at any times:                 (Circle One for each question)
    14.1 Change direction?                       Yes   No   Don't know
    14.2 Change speed?                           Yes   No   Don't know
    14.3 Change size?                            Yes   No   Don't know
    14.4 Change color?                           Yes   No   Don't know
    14.5 Break up into parts or
         explode?                                Yes   No   Don't know
    14.6 Give off smoke?                         Yes   No   Don't know
    14.7 Change brightness?                      Yes   No   Don't know
    14.8 Flicker, throb, or
         pulsate?                                Yes   No   Don't know   FADED OUT
    14.9 Remain motionless?                      Yes   No   Don't know   MORE
                                                                         DESCRIPTION

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't know
    15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light?  SILVERY YELLOW

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    16.1 Sound -   NO
    16.2 Color -   SILVERY YELLOW

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?    2
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an ARROW to
    show the direction they were traveling.

    [A small sketch is drawn at the bottom of the page showing two objects]


- page 187 -

Page 5

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) (Yes) No Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pen
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk

f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it?____________ feet or ____________ miles
20.2 How far was it from you? ____________ feet or ____________ miles per hour
20.3 How fast was it going? ____________
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly
b. Gradually

c. Other
d. Don't remember


- page 188 -

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

Overhead
Horizon
Your eye

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead
Horizon
Your eye

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

Page 6


- page 189 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. The only clearly readable text is:

UNCLASSIFIED

At the bottom of the page, partially legible text appears to read:
"...AFTER INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS"

The rest of the document text is too blurry and faded to accurately transcribe.


- page 190 -

Page 7

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes     No

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

28. Give the following information about yourself:

NAME [redacted]

ADDRESS [redacted]
Street                City            Zone    State    OHIO

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

What is your present job? TOOLMAKER - FRIGIDAIRE

Age    56
Sex    MALE

Last School Attended
Year of last attendance at this school


- page 191 -

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
WIFE

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper if necessary.

Were in Naval Air Force in WW1.
Said telephone operator would not
give him home phone number. Had to
look it up, taking time. Also said he
eyes will not detail. They used to be
and he had trouble finding the number.

E. Gregory, Jr.
Major USAF
20, 27 July 52


- page 192 -

27 Jul 1952 Bailey, Co.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

46 37.00

Mr.
Carrier Electric Company
Denver, Colorado

Dear Mr.

Your recent report of unidentified aerial phenomena has been received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center. Enclosed is a questionnaire, which, when completed by you and returned in the enclosed, self-addressed envelope, will aid in standardizing the data and will provide a complete record of the occurrence.

Your interest in reporting the matter and your public spirited desire to be of service are greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,
ROBERT E. KENNEDY
Major, USAF
Air Adjutant General

2 Incls
a/o


- page 193 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE - 4639.00

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object?
1.1 Date: 27 July 1952
1.2 Time of day: 11 A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One)
    a. Eastern
    b. Central
    c. Mountain
    (Circle One): Daylight Saving Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.1:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

2. Where did you see the object?
On Rosalie Park, 13 miles from Bailey Cole, Colorado, Park

3. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building
             b. In a car
             c. Outdoors

3.1 Were you:
(Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
              b. In the residential section of a city?
              c. In open countryside?
              d. Flying near an airfield?
              e. Flying over a city?
              f. Flying over open country?
              g. Other: On Driving Farm


- page 194 -

Page 2

4. How did you happen to notice the object? Sitting in Mountain side

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day     Month     Year

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? Sitting middle
from near top of Boswell Lake in Mt Rainer

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the
object? Try to list the activity or activities, and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
Sitting in Mountain side. Sitting middle Lake

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One): 
Yes or No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions.
7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One):   a. North     e. South
                b. Northeast    f. Southwest
                c. East         g. West
                d. Southeast    h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No


- page 195 -

8. What direction were you facing when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North     e. South
             b. Northeast    f. Southwest
             c. East         g. West
             d. Southeast    h. Northwest

8.1 What direction were you facing when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North     e. South
              b. Northeast    f. Southwest
              c. East         g. West
              d. Southeast    h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above two questions. (8 and 8.1)
    a. Certain         c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain  d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes or No

10. How was the object seen?
(Circle One): a. Through window glass    e. Through theodolite
              b. Through windshield       f. Through sun glasses
              c. Through binoculars       g. Through open space
              d. Through telescope        h. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)                 11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
     a. Clear sky                         a. Dry
     b. Hazy                              b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
     c. Scattered clouds                  c. Moderate or heavy rain
     d. Thick or heavy clouds             d. Snow
     e. Don't remember                    e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)                   11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
     a. No wind                           a. Cold
     b. Slight breeze                     b. Cool
     c. Strong wind                       c. Warm
     d. Don't remember                    d. Hot
                                          e. Don't remember


- page 196 -

Here is the text from the document:

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object?    0    45    0
    Hours   Minutes   Seconds

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
your answer to Question 12:
    a. Certain    b. Fairly sure    c. Not very sure    d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent?

14. Did the object at any time:
    (Circle One for each question)
14.1 Change direction?        Yes    No    Don't know
14.2 Change speed?            Yes    No    Don't know
14.3 Change size?             Yes    No    Don't know
14.4 Change color?            Yes    No    Don't know
14.5 Break up into parts or
     explode?                 Yes    No    Don't know
14.6 Give off smoke?          Yes    No    Don't know
14.7 Change brightness?       Yes    No    Don't know
14.8 Flicker, throb, or
     pulsate?                 Yes    No    Don't know
14.9 Remain motionless?       Yes    No    Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes    No    Don't know

15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? 

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
16.1 Sound

16.2 Color Metallic, silver band in China

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?    25

Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to
show the direction they were traveling.

[Below this are some handwritten notes and a series of circles/zeros]


- page 197 -

Page 5

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know
     If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know
     If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
    a. Pen
    b. Baseball
    c. Basketball
    d. Bicycle wheel
    e. Office desk

    f. Automobile
    g. Small airplane
    h. Large airplane
    i. Dirigible
    j. Other ____________

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain

    c. Not very sure
    d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the objects:
    20.1 How high above the earth was it? ______ feet.
    20.2 How far was it from you? ______ feet or ______ miles
    20.3 How fast was it going? ______ miles per hour
    20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answers to the above questions:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain

    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
    (Circle One): a. Suddenly   b. Gradually   c. Other   d. Don't remember


- page 198 -

Page 6

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

[Diagram showing a curved line from horizon to overhead, with "Your eye" marked]

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

[Diagram showing a curved line from horizon to overhead, with "Your eye" marked]

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.


- page 199 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this? (Circle One:) Yes No

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

28. Give the following information about yourself:

NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job? Operating Neg. Graphic Pic. Co.
Age 47
Sex Male
Last School Attended South Denver High
Year of last attendance at this school 1928

Note: Personal identifying details have been obscured by black redaction marks.

There is also a hand-drawn sketch of an oval/elliptical shaped object with an arrow indicating its direction of movement.


- page 200 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. However, I can clearly read the following text:

At the bottom of the page:
UNCLASSIFIED

At the bottom right:
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED PER E.O. 12958
DOD DIR 5200.10

The rest of the text appears to be blurred and cannot be accurately transcribed.


- page 201 -

Page 8

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their name and addresses:
[Text is redacted/blacked out]

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper if necessary.


- page 202 -

PROJECT BLUE RECORD CARD

Two black objects the size of a B-29 were observed together in straight line traversing at 1,000-1200 feet, left white vapor trail. Observed by airman and wife.

(Note: Some of the header details are partially illegible, so I have only transcribed the text I can clearly read.)


- page 203 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

JUL 1952 15 03

PD244
YDA:12
YDA:6
XDC215
LU77

AR JEPHQ JEDWP JEDEN 333
DE JUPML 44F
R 28:9:33Z

FM CG 28TH AIR DIV DEF HAFB CALIF
TO JEPHQ/CG HQS USAF WASHINGTON 25 D C
JDWP/CG WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB DAYTON OHIOK
PWBN/CG EMT AFB COLO
ZEN/CG WADF HAFB CALIF

28TH OID 231% FLYOBRPT PD ATTN: DIRECTOR OF
INTELLIGENCE.

(1) TWO DARK BLACK OBJECTS CMA E-29 SIZE CMA ROUND CMA ESTIMATED SPEED
30R-1288 MPH PD TRAVELING PARALLEL, IN A STRAIGHT LINE PD LEFT WHITE
VAPOR TRAIL CMA REMAINING CONSTANT AT BASE OF OBJECT CMA BUT FADED
IMMEDIATELY A SHORT DISTANCE FROM BASE OF OBJECT PD

(2) 1845 PDT --- 4 MINUTES

(3) VISUAL FROM GROUND

(4) OBSERVED BETWEEN HAYWARD AND ALAMEDA CMA CALIF. OBJECTS OVER
SAN FRANCISCO CMA ALTITUDE 18-20000 FT. TRAVELING S W DIRECTION

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 204 -

PAGE TWO JWPML 44F

(5) T/SGT AND MRS. [REDACTED] CMA 144TH FTR WG CMA NATIONAL
GUARD CMA HAYWARD CMA CALIF PD HOME ADDRESS [REDACTED]
CMA CALIF PD PHONE NO PD LAKHURST [REDACTED]

(6) THE WEATHER-- CLEAR 7 MI VISIBILITY

(7) NONE

(8) NONE

(9) NONE

(10) 1 ACFT CMA TYPE UNKNOWN PJ 559 CMA AT 200 MI PER HOUR

28/0/1452 JWPML

Cty 1


- page 205 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

27/0230 EST
27/0230 Z

15 Dec.

Object which looked like bric' and star
moved slowly across sky. Source is two rated
in this area.

1

2 AF Officers & FBI Man

1. Matter of ball or -y
in file.


- page 206 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

27 July 52
Wichita Kansas
27/0/502

ACTION

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

FM CO WICHITA MUNI APRT KANS
TO JEPHG/DIR OF INTELL HQ USAF WASHDC
JEPHG/ATT TECHNICAL INTELL CENTER WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO

APR 1952, FCL IS SEND (1) THE OBJ OR OBJS SIGHTED APPEARED TO THE OBSR
AS A BLACK RED STAR OF THE 2ND OR 3RD MAGNITUDE OF BRILLIANCE. THE 1ST
APPEARANCE WAS AT 2250 27 JUL AND THE OBSR STANDING AT 37 DEGREES 43
MINUTES 34 SECONDS + 27 DEGREES 17 MINUTES 8 SECONDS E OBSR THAT THE
LIGHT SOURCE WAS DIR BETWEEN HIT AND GAMMA CASSIOPEIA AND NW IN R.DIR.
AFTER ATTN THIS THE OBSR NOTED THAT THE LIGHT WAS MAKING A WIDE ARC TO
THE N AND FINALLY TO THE S. OBSR WAS BLINDED BY LIGHT OF PASSING CAR.
JUST AS THE LIGHT WAS HALFWAY BETWEEN ALTAIR AND VEGA. (2) THE TIME OF
SIGHTING WAS 2250, LOCAL TIME AND THE OBJ WAS VIEWED FOR 45 SECONDS

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 207 -

PAGE TWO JETZT 10

ABOVE, THIS PLACED THE OBJ AT 30 DEGREES FM HIS PSN AND WHEN LAST SEEN IT WAS 261 DEGREES FM HIS PSN, THE MTN BEING COUNTER CLOCKWISE. THE OBSR STATES THAT ALL WAS SUCH THAT THE OBJ APPEARED AS A STAR, DEFINITELY HIGHER THAT ANYTHING THAT HE HAD EVER SEEN BEFORE. (5)

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

3/7/2352 AUG JETZT


- page 208 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

27/00 88
27/00 7

Two silver-white spots moved across sky
at high speed.

1. Lacking data.

(There is a partially legible word in the margin that appears to say "(UNCLR)" or something similar, but it is not completely clear.)


- page 209 -

At about 1600-1620 hours, Sunday, 27 July 1952, I looked up at the chimney of my house and my attention was attracted by two objects moving across the sky in an ESE direction, one traveling in a straight line and one in a curved path.

Called to my wife, but she was behind corner of house and could not get around in time to see them.

They appeared as silvery-white spots, similar to the specular reflection of sunlight on distant dural aircraft. No trails were visible. Appeared to be decreasing altitude while in view, but this is difficult to judge because of the aspect. Impossible to estimate altitude because of lack of knowledge of size or shape of objects.

Listened intently for sound (although timing the delay would have given no good clue to the range because of the rate at which they crossed over) but heard none. First thought was that they were a couple F-94's chasing around at high altitude, which I have seen before upon occasion (there were F-94's in the area before and after this time, but flying at rather low speed and altitude) but quickly realized that no airplane could go that fast.

In fact, the only thing I have ever seen traverse the sky at such a rate was a meteor at night. This would seem to me to be the best explanation of what I saw: a meteor, broken into two pieces burning brightly enough to be seen in the bright daylight except for the radically curved path described by me of the objects.

Seattle 88, Washington


- page 210 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

27 Jul 52

24/1200 PST

27/1300 PST

Radar Operator

4

Tar p target: (T-50 or -56 A/C) at
severely high speed detected by 70% AGN
guidance.

1. Adjacent radar station
   operation on same frequency can
   telieved to have caused the blips.
2. Similar to Oneida p...

(Note: Some text is partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document)


- page 211 -

Much of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy shadowing. I can make out the word "DECLASSIFIED" at the bottom of the page, but the majority of the text is too blurry to read with confidence. The document appears to be a typewritten document with multiple lines of text, but the specific content cannot be determined.


- page 212 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART 1
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

COUNTRY USA

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

REPORT NO. 12-7-5226 (LEAVE BLANK) 47

AREA REPORTING ON Belleville, Illinois FROM (Agency) 798th AC&W Sq. Belleville, Illinois

DATE OF REPORT 28 July 52 DATE OF INFORMATION 27 July 52 EVALUATION

PREPARED BY (Officer) Captain Reuben W Aschbrenner SOURCE Electronic

REFERENCES (Control number, directive, previous report, etc., or application) AFL 200-5 dated 29 April 52

SUMMARY: (Enter concise summary of report. Give significant intelligence in final one-two-three paragraph. List locations in lower left. Begin list of report on AF Form 112-Part 1st)

Four objects were sighted by ground electronic search radar equipment (FPS-3), between 01202 and 02302 on the 27 July 1952. These objects were sighted by two (2) officers and one (1) airman, each having from one (1) to six (6) years of radar experience. Said objects were elliptical in shape, target returns compared with PB-20 or B-26 echoes, speed estimated at 2,800 knots to 3,200 knots and direction of travel from south to north and vice-versa. Adjacent and local electronic station for net analysis and frequency opposition and it was determined that the targets were electronic interference caused by an adjacent radar station.

[Signed]
JOHN A MCDONALD
Captain, USAF
Initiating Officer

NOTE: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C. 31 AND 32. AS AMENDED. ITS TRANSMISSION OR THE REVELATION OF ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER TO AN UNAUTHORIZED PERSON IS PROHIBITED BY LAW. IT MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN WHOLE OR IN PART, BY OTHERS THAN THE AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL OF THE AIR FORCE AGENCIES, EXCEPT BY PERMISSION OF THE DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE, USAF.


- page 213 -

AF FORM 112-PART II
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: 798 ACSW Sq. Belleville, Ill.     REPORT NO: 112-7-5028     PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES

The following unidentified objects were sighted on 27 July 52 this station electronically:

1. Object one - Initial plot 0126Z, 005 degrees at 70 nautical miles. Faded 002 degrees, at 185 nautical miles. Estimated speed was 3,200 knots.

Object two - Initial plot 0129Z, 355 degrees at 56 nautical miles. Faded 350 degrees, at 170 nautical miles. Estimated speed was 2800 knots.

Object three - Initial plot 0132Z, 350 degrees at 135 nautical miles. Faded 351 degrees, at 200 nautical miles. Estimated speed was 3200 knots.

Object four - Initial Plot 0135Z, 350 degrees at 55 nautical miles. Faded 345 degrees, at 50 nautical miles. Reversed direction at 348 degrees. Track was 2800 knots.

2. Times are above (Same)

3. The sightings were made by ground electronics equipment. The blips estimated to be about the size of B-50's or B-36's.

4. The sightings were made from Belleville, Illinois, 798 ACSW Squadron.

5. The sightings were witnessed by one maintenance man, two officers, and two enlisted men. Their experience level from one (1) year to (6) years.

6. There was scattered weather in the local area. The winds aloft were unknown.

7. All local and adjacent electronic stations were checked and determined that not any opposition was caused by frequencies or antennas. Targets were determined to be electronic in origin.

8. None

9. Two (2) aircraft were scrambled for observation purposes from Scott AFB. The pilots report was filed with the 113th Fighter Interceptor Squadron.

10. Air traffic was sighted in the general area from 0126Z to 0230Z.

NOTE: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Act, 50 U.S.C. -- 31 and 32. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.


- page 214 -

Here is the text from the document:

WPB029
WYB097
UMX217

JWFNK A3 OPOP JEPHQ JEDWP 222
DE JWFNK 01KF
OP 280315Z ZNJ

FM CO 798TH AC&W SQ BELLEVILLE ILL
TO JEPHQ/HQ USAF WASH DC/DIROFNTEL
JEDWP/WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB OHIO/ATTN : ATIA-2C
ZEN/CG CADF KSC MO
ZEN/CG 33D ADIV TINKER AFB OKLS
ZEN/CG ENT AFB COLORADO SPRINGS COLO
FLYOBBRPT. THE FOLLOWING UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS

SIGHTED 28 JULY 52 THIS STATION ELECTRONICALLY AS FOLLOWS:

(1) OBJECT ONE- INITIAL PLOT 0126Z 005 DEG. 70 NM
FADE 002 DEG. 185 NM SPEED 3,200 KTS.

OBJECT TWO-INITIAL PLOT 0129Z 355 DEG. 65 NM
FADE 350 DEG. 170 NM SPEED 2,800 KTS.

OBJECT THREE-INITIAL PLOT 0132Z 350 DEG 135 NM
FADE 351 DEG 200 NM SPEED 3,200 KTS

OBJECT FOUR-INITIAL PLOT 0135Z 350 DEG 55 NM
FADE 345 DEG 50 NM. TRK REVERSD DIR. AT 348 DEG. 125 NM
SPEED 2,800 KTS.

The document is marked "ACTION" and "OPERATIONAL IMMEDIATE" at the top.


- page 215 -

PAGE TWO JWNK 01XF

(2) TIMES ARE ABOVE
(3) SIGHTINGS BY GRD ELECTRONICS EQUIP. BLIPSIZE B-50 TO B-36
(4) BELLEVILLE ILL. 798TH ACGW SQ. ALT. UNKNOWN.
(5) WITNESSED BY (1) ONE OPERATIONS CREW (3) THREE CONTROLLERS AND (1) ONE MAINT CREW. EXPERIENCE LEVELS 1 TO 6 YEARS
(6) UNKNOWN. SCATTERED WEATHER IN LOCAL AREA
(7) NONE KNOWN. CHECKED ALL OCAL AND ADJACENT ELECTRONICS STATIONS. CHANGED STATION FREQ. AND ANT. RPM. AND DETERMINED TARGETS TO BE ELECTRONIC IN ORIGIN
(8) NONE
(9) 2. TWO A/C SCRAMBLED FOR OBSERVATION FROM SCOTT AFB-PILOTS REPORT FILED WITH 113TH FTR INTERCEPTOR SQD.
(10) OBJECTS SIGHTED FROM 0126Z TO 0233Z M 28/3142 JUL JWNK


- page 216 -

119TH FIGHTER INTERCEPTOR SQUADRON
Scott Air Force Base, Illinois

7 Aug 1952

SUBJECT: Transmittal of Interceptor Mission Report (RCS ADC F-1)

TO:   Commanding Officer
       ATIC
       Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio

In reply to your TWX dated @619952, the following information is submitted. (Project Blue Book).

1 Incl: ADC Form 44
         (orig & 2co)

                                    CHARLES O PETERSON
                                    Lt. Colonel, USAF
                                    Commanding


- page 217 -

SECRET

INTERROGATION WORKSHEET
(SECRET when filled in)                                Date: 28 July 1952

Squadron 112TH FIS     Take-off Bessemer, Ala.     Ftr's 4.31 Flt. Edlo.Red

Section I - GENERAL INTERROGATION                   Hrs 32 A.A. Worn

1. ALERTS     a. State of Alert at start of this mission:
               (1) CAP........................(1) 5 min alert.....
               (2) 2 min alert.................(2) 5 min alert.....
               (3) 5 min alert.................(3) 5 min alert.....

2. START OF   a. Weather at take-off (ceiling & visibility) 3000L Broken Vis.7 Mi.
   MISSION    b. Time (2) scramble order recd..............OLLLZ
               c. Time (1) first fighter airborne..........OLLLZ
               d. Time (2) vector order (if on        .... or not 3d track 3d track)
               e. CIF or divert....................Opn Cntl 0144
               f. No. & type of Ftrs on mission.... 2 F-84E
               g. No. of XA: warning before..... None.

3. DETECTION  a. Initial detection:
   (Gntly-ho) (1) Hostile?....................
               (2) Friendly?....................
               (3) Made visually................
               (4) Made by own of Ai radar......

4. INTERCEPTION
   (Bounce)   a. Successful.......................
               (1) Accomplished visually..........
               (2) Accomplished by use of Ai radar
               (3) Time of Interception..........
               (4) Altitude.......................
               (5) Watcher at Intcpt (coil & vis)
               (6) Type acft Intercepted.........
               (7) No. of acft intercepted.......
               (8) Serial No......................
               (9) Markings........................
               (10) No. of attack passes made.....
               (11) ECM Jamming detected..........
               (12) Ftr transponder beacon on.....
               (13) Radio frequencies used........Fox Channel

               b. Unsuccessful:
                  Reason: (1st track)
                          (2nd track)
                          (3rd track)

5. RETURN TO  a. Difficulties Returning to Base 203 to
   BASE          (1) COL.........................Desn:None
                 (2) OCA.........................Desc:None
                 (3) Other........................Desc:None
               b. Landing:
                 (1) Time (2) first ftr landed....0240...
                 (2) Gallons of fuel remaining (lowest aircraft)... 180
               c. Turn-around:
                 (1) No. of acft in fit immediately turned around... 2
                 (2) Time (2) last acft ready for next mission....0255
               d. Weather at landing (coil & vis)9000L Vis.7 Mi.

6. COMMENTS ON INTERCEPTION AND SUGGESTIONS FOR IMPROVEMENT TECHNIQUES: * Use other side of sheet if necessary. * Please see reverse side

                                                    [Signature]
                                                    JOHN J TANNER
                                                    2nd Lt. USAF
                                                    Name and Grade of Intelligence Officer

ADC Form 44A (Sec. 1)
15 Mar 42 (Revised)                                 (SECRET when filled in)


- page 218 -

Here is the text from the document:

CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE OPERATIONS
(SECRET WHEN FILLED IN)                                                                     28 July 1952

Squadron 113 TH FIS         Take-off Base SCOTT AFB                 Itrs AJT Sqdn, Edle. Red

1. AFTN        Section I. CENTRAL INTERROGATION                                 M 3 7 8 0 2
               a. State of Alert at start of this mission:
               (1) 5 min alert                                (4) 15 min alert
               (2) CAP                                        (5) 30 min alert
               (3) 2 min alert                                (6) 1 hr alert

2. START OF    a. Weather at take-off (ceiling & visibility) 9000L Broken Wis 7 Mi.
   MISSION     b. Time (1) scramble order issued ............-0152
               c. Time (2) first fighter airborne ............-0152
               d. Time (3) vector order on ....................0142
               e. GIF or divert.)                             0142
               f. No. & type of hrs on mission............... 2 B-51H
               g. No. of TK in working before M/C ........... None
               *h. Reasons fr debrief......................... None

3. DETECTION   a. Initial Sec'n:
   (Tally-ho)  (1) Hvy Lpn.
               (2) Unknwn.
               (3) Made visually
               (4) Made by way of AI return

4. INTERCEPTION                                                                 
   (Bounce)    a. Successful
               (1) Accomplished visually
               (2) Accomplished by use of AI radar
               (3) Time (2a) of interception
               (4) Altitude
               (5) Weather at intercept (ceil & vis)
               (6) Type soft intercepted
               (7) No. of soft intercepted
               (8) Serial No.
               (9) Markings
               (10) No. of attack passes made
               (11) ECM jamming detected
               (12) Ftr transponder beacon on
               (13) Radio frequency unknown

               b. Unsuccessful
                  Reasons: (1st track)
                           (2nd track)
                           (3rd track)

5. RETURN TO   a. Difficulties Returning to Base Due to:
   BASE        (1) GCI
               (2) GCA
               (3) Other

               b. Landing
               (1) Time (2) first ftr landed ............0240Z
               (2) Camons of fuel remaining (hours & min)    180
               
               c. Turn-arounds
               (1) No. of soft in ftr immediately turned around    2
               (2) Time (2) last soft ready for next mission       0252

               d. Weather at landing (ceil & vis)9000L Broken 7 Mi.

*6. COMMENTS ON INTERCEPTION AND SUGGESTIONS FOR IMPROVE'T OF FUTURE TK'S
    TECHNIQUES: * Use other side of sheet if necessary

                                                    JOHN J TAINER
                                                    Capt, USAF
                                                    Intelligence Officer

ADC Form 44 (Sec. I)
15 Mar 42 (Revised)                                (SECRET WHEN FILLED IN)


- page 219 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORE

FROM: (Originator) C, ATIC

TO: CO 113 FIGHTER INTERCEPTOR WING
SCOTT AFB ILL.

INFO: ACWLXTIA-8-AP

Date/Time Group: 310952 Aug 50

Request reports of pilots concerned on 28 July 52 between 0160 and 0220 hrs with regard to unidentified radar return from 795th ADA Begin, Gillesville, Ill.

In reply cite Project Blue Book.

[The bottom of the document contains additional administrative details like page number, form number (DD 173), and some partially obscured signatures and contact information]


- page 220 -

AUTHORITY OF:
C.E. 332A1(00F)
Date 18 Aug 52. Initials a/f

SUBJECT: Radar Observation Data Sheet

To: Commanding Officer
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Enclosed find completed Radar Observation Data Sheet. Reference
AFOIN-ATIA-5 dated 30 July 1952.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

1 Incl: [Signature]
Radar Observation A.R. JUSTIN
Data Sheet G.C. USAF

Asst. Adjutant

UPON WITHDRAWAL OF INCL
THIS LETTER MAY BE DECLA-
GRADED TO


- page 221 -

I. QUESTIONS

1. What type radar equipment is involved?
AN/FPS-3 (Bendix System #30)

2. Has there been any recent maintenance difficulties? If so, describe.
None

3. What type modulator (i.e., spark gap, hard tube, etc.) is used in the radar equipment?
Hydrogen modulator

4. Was the AFC (automatic frequency control) circuit of the receiver operating properly?
Yes

5. Has interference from another radar set been observed recently, and are personnel familiar with the effects caused by an interfering signal?
Yes, yes

6. What type indicators, "A scope", "B scope", etc., were used to follow the target?
P.P.I.

7. What was the radar scan rate?
3.3 and 10

8. What was the approximate frequency of the transmitter?
1250mc.

II. GENERAL QUESTIONS

1. What were the general weather conditions at the time unidentified target was observed?
Weather was fair, visibility good with scattered clouds to the east.

2. What weather data from nearby U.S. weather stations is available on temperature vs altitude, humidity vs altitude, and wind velocity vs altitude?
None

3. Was the target observed by any other nearby radar equipment? If so, give details.
Target was observed by adjacent sited located at Belleville, Illinois and Kirksville, Missouri.

4. Are the operator and the supervisor familiar with the effects of anomalous (duct-effect) propagation as they pertain to this radar?
Yes

ATIC Form 332 (18 Jun 52)                Page 1 of 2


- page 222 -

The text on this page is very faint and partially illegible. Here is what I can make out:

[Top of page appears to have some text, but it is too faint to read clearly]

The only partially clear paragraph reads:

"Unidentified objects were first sighted in investigation by the local..."

[The rest of the text is too faint or blurry to confidently transcribe]

Most of the document appears to be washed out or very low contrast, making accurate OCR difficult.


- page 223 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy shadowing. Only a few fragments of text can be partially made out, but they are not clear enough to confidently transcribe. The document appears to be a scanned black and white page with significant degradation and dark edges.


- page 224 -

Here is the text from the document:

Has anomalous propagation been observed at this site, and did this range of ground clutter by this target was observed?

Yes, anomalous propagation has been observed. This condition did not exist.

What effects of rain storms and lightning have been observed on this radar?

No unusual effects of rain storms and lightning have been observed on this radar.

Were any checks made to determine if unknown target could have been one of our own aircraft?

No

Was any interception attempted? If so, give details.

No

III. SPECIFIC TARGET QUESTIONS

1. What technical personnel observed the unknown target? Have they been questioned thoroughly? What was their opinion? Four operators with experience from 1-5 yrs.

No technical observers present at time.

2. Was a permanent record "track" made of the target positions as they appeared on the indicators? If so, attach to this report.

Negative.

3. At what range, azimuth, altitude, and time was the target observed?

Approximate range was 150 nautical miles. Azimuth = 330°, Altitude = 20,000'
Time = 0402 to 11552 (time var. 1)

4. How did the target appear in size and shape as compared with conventional aircraft targets? The target appeared larger than conventional type aircraft in size and its estimated speed was up to 600 mph.

5. Was the target of consistent size, or did it change rapidly?

The target tended to vary in size up to a width of three (3) degrees.

6. Was the speed of the target constant or variable? Explain.

The speed of the target varied from approximately 130-600 mph and was observed anchoring for as long as two (2) minutes.

7. Did the target appear "fuzzy" or clear and sharp as compared with a known aircraft target?

Target appeared quite clear compared with a known aircraft target.

8. What other (aircraft) targets were observed in the same general area, altitude, and time as that of the unknown target?

None.

ATC Form 332 (10 Jun 52)                                                Page 2 of 2


- page 225 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

22/0/30 ?

6 Yrs
XX

Civilian Woman

1

"Will all of first the size of a
watchuh, 'herewof' "Relative" woman fro
her bedroom window.

(Note: Some text appears partially illegible or cut off, so I've transcribed exactly what I could clearly read.)


- page 226 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART 1
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1955

United States
Report of Information on Unidentified Flying Objects

DATE OF FLIGHT: N/A
DATE OF REPORT: 21 July 1952
PREPARED BY (name): North M. Speed, Major, USAF, Intelligence Off.

LOCATION: Intelligence Off, 2596th AFRTC, Hensley Fld

SUMMARY:
In compliance with letter, Headquarters, USAF, AFOIN-C/CC-2, Subject: (Unclassified) Report of Information on Unidentified Flying Objects, 19 December 1951, the following information, as reported to this headquarters by Mrs. Dellas, Dallas, Texas, is forwarded.

This report was not transmitted by electrical means due to the fact that no other activity or observations were reported from this area, and report was not deemed of sufficient value to warrant electrical transmission.

/s/ NORTH M. SPEED
Major, USAF
Intelligence Officer

[Note: The document contains standard boilerplate text at the bottom about document classification and transmission restrictions.]


- page 227 -

AF FORM 112-PART II
SECURITY INFORMATION
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Intelligence Off, 2596th AFRTC
Hensley Field, Grand Prairie, Tex

PAGE 2 of 2
REPORT NO 7

1. Description: Object was like a big ball of fire, with tail of what appeared to be vapors, traveling very fast, speed unknown, traveling from East to West; was very large, about the size of a washtub; made no noise, altitude undetermined but rather high.

2. Time Sighted: 2130°, 27 July 1952.

3. Manner of Observation: Object was sighted by observer from bedroom window facing East.

4. Location of Observer: W Long 96 50', N Lat 32 45'.

5. Identifying Information on Observer: Observer weaks. Dallas, Texas, housewife. Observer appears to have normal intelligence, very talkative.

6. Weather: 2130° 250/315 160/90/65 10/00u/3tenths C.

7. Other Activity: None reported to this headquarters on this date.

8. Physical Evidence: No physical evidence or photographs were obtained.

9. Interception or Identification: No attempt made to intercept or identify the object.

Note at bottom of document: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C., 31 AND 32. AS AMENDED. ITS TRANSMISSION OR THE REVELATION OF ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER TO AN UNAUTHORIZED PERSON IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.


- page 228 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Info only

27 Jul 52 Palo Alto, Ca                     Palo Alto, California
                                             July 29, 1952

United States Aeronautical Dept;
Washington, D.C.
(Att:Director Sky Phenomena.)

Gentlemen,

Someplace in the papers I have seen a report of our laboratories producing, technically, missile speeds of 235 times velocity of sound.

About 8.30 P.M. or thereabouts, there appeared TWO flying objects near here, evening of July 27th 1952. I was driving NORTH from Sunnyvale, towards Palo Alto, and noted TWO objects flying or coasting parallel to the other.

I mentioned to a companion "Now, that's real flying". Also, added, when these objects suddenly disappeared as if by magic, "Wow, I'll bet that's reported as Flying Saucers and no fooling." And it was so reported...

I first noted these two objects through my windshield and as we were in twilight darkness, I was of the impression, that whatever the two objects were, were flying IN THE SUN light which caused two rose pieces or Frontispieces or prove, to SHINE like the color of a fine diamond. The LIGHT had a thin separation between the following sail or sheet, pencil thin, to approximate (my impression) 100 times the size or width of the Shining Piece in front... in length....

Further my impression was that the two objects were flying either slowly at about 8 miles high or 40 miles high, in which event 1000 M.P.H. would not seem fast from the earth......

I did not notice these two objects come across the sky from any particular source. They simply appeared in the sky, going west and after perhaps an observance by myself of less than one short minute, they both slowly turned and melted away, tail and all.

This may not be of any value or use or even interest, but it also is my presumption that any eye witness to sky phenomena added to what you clean from many other sources, might eventually and finally solve these sky commotions or phenomena.

Of course, our Government is doing many things in aviation of which was Citizen Laymen know nothing. In event some other outside country has this H2 Flying Threat, we better find a way to stop its production or we will be having bugs and stuff, thrown down at us, by some lousy foreigner.

Yours,

By-


- page 229 -

26 JULY 1952 SIGHTINGS

LOCATION                    OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

Mattock, Minnesota
Heidelberg, Germany          Military                   Other (BEACON LIGHT)
San Antonio, Texas           (PHOTO)                    UNIDENTIFIED
El Paso Heights, California                             Aircraft
Riverside, California                                   Balloon
Newark, North Dakota         Civilian                   Aircraft
Richland, Washington                                    Balloon
St. Paul, Minnesota                                     Insufficient Data
Auburn, New Jersey           Military (RADAR)           Astro (METEOR)
Chehalis, Washington         Military                   UNIDENTIFIED
Jersey City, New Jersey      (CARDS MISSING)            Insufficient Data
Pensacola, Florida                                      Insufficient Data
Boise, Idaho                 Civilian                   Astro (METEOR)
Hill, Utah                   Military                   Balloon
Palmyra, Wisconsin           Civilian                   Other (HOAX)
Norris, Pennsylvania                                    Insufficient Data
Phoenix, Arizona             Civilian                   Aircraft
Phoenix, Arizona                                        Balloon
Chicago, Illinois                                       Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
Grand Forks, N. Dakota       Military                   Insufficient Data
Blaine NAS, Kansas                                      Insufficient Data
Florence, South Carolina                                Insufficient Data
San Rafael, California                                  Aircraft
Marietta, Georgia                                       Astro (METEOR)
Los Angeles, California                                 Insufficient Data
York, Pennsylvania                                      Aircraft
San Antonio, Texas                                      (JUPITER)
Chicago, Illinois                                       Balloon
Dayton, Ohio                                            Balloon
New York, New York           (PHOTO)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

LOCATION                    SOURCE                     EVALUATION

Anchorage, Alaska           Military (RADAR)           -


- page 230 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

15 Min.

Civilian

Object, looked like star which was
relatively moved rapidly at pointed most...
less.

Some parts of the text are partially illegible or cut off. The document appears to be a brief report or observation about an unidentified flying object that looked like a star and was moving rapidly.


- page 231 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

31 JUL 1952 09 53

PC226
PC019
YDA.225
YND222
YDA265
OXE330
JWPJL 322
HR JEPAG JEDMF JEDEN 333
DE JWPJL 76
R 292057Z ZEX
PW CO WATHER AFB CALIF
TO JEPAG/DIR OF INTEL HQ USAF WASHINGTON 25 D.C.
JEDWP/AIR TECH INTEL CEN WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB OHIO ATTN: ATIAA-2C
JEDEN/CG EMT AFS COLORADO SPRINGS COLO
AF GRNC

UNIDENTIFIED OBJ REPTD OBSVD BY MR. [REDACTED], DEL
PASO HEIGHTS, CALIF, AT 1600 POST HRS ON 26 JUL 52. OBJ APPEARED
AS A HIGH STAR WHICH INTERMITTENTLY MOVED VERY RAPIDLY AND OBTAINED
MOTIONLESS FOR A BRIEF PD. OBJ WAS VIEWED FOR APRX 15 MINUTES.
[REDACTED] STATED THAT HE WAS AN EX AT PLT AND THAT OBJ WAS OBSVD BY
[REDACTED]. OBJ WAS NOT OBSVD ON RADAR BY CONTROLLER
THE ACFT SO THIS B.

337/394402 JUL JWPJL


- page 232 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top of document, partially illegible]
...52 (

[Some header information is partially obscured]

1

Bluish-green ball of light observed by two members of 635 Air MD at Mt. Hood area. Object was at 20,000', traveling very fast.

[Bottom of document]
ATIC FORM 164 25 SEP 52

Note: Some parts of the document are difficult to read due to the image quality, so I've only transcribed the text I can clearly make out.


- page 233 -

Here is the text from the document:

ACTION
23 JUL 1952 16

RA 218
WPE 227

YDB 215
WYB 238
XDA 219
JWPML 223

PF JEPHQ JEDWP JEDEN 333
CF JWPML 264
28 16 52

FM CG 25TH ADD MCCHORD AFB WASH
TO JEPHQ/DIR OF INTL USAF HQ WASH DC
JEDWP/WRIGHT PAERSON AFB OHIO
JEDEN/AC ADC ENT AFB COLO SPRGIN COLO
INFO ZEWCG WADF HAMILTON AFB CALIF

25ADIVDI 8932 PD FLYOBRPT. MULTIPLE REPT. SIGHTING

OBJ: SIGHTED BY T/SGT WALSTEAD AND S/SGT CALKINS, BOTH IN 335TH ACW SQ
MCCHORD AFB WASH. TIME: 2345 15Z JUL. SIGHTED AT MCCHORD AFB, OBJ DES-
CRIBED AS A DULL, BLUISH GREEN, GLOWING BALLOF LIGHT. EST AT 20,000 FT.
VERY FAST. NEVER SAW ANYTHING TWL AS FAST OR FASTER OTHER THAN SHOOT-
ING STARS. WAS ABOUT HALF AS BIG AS 12 CENT COIN HELD AT ARMS LENGTH.
FIRST SEEN DIRECTLY OVERHEAD. NO PROPULSION. NO TRAIL NO SOUND. DIDNT
COCK LIKE A SHOOTING STAR. OBSES HAVE SEEN JET ACFT WITH BUSTERS TURNED


- page 234 -

UNCLASSIFIED

[Most of the text on this page is too faint or blurry to be reliably read. Several lines of text are visible but largely illegible. The words "UNCLASSIFIED" are clearly visible at the top and bottom of the document.]


- page 235 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

COURSE, SPEED DESCRIBED AS FOUR TIMES AS FAST AS ANY JET ACFT EVER SEEN

PAGE TWO JWPIL 26A

AND ABOUT HALF THE SPEED OF A SHOOTING STAR, NO ALTERNATION OF COURSE.
S FOR VISIBILITY, ALL STARS IN SKY CLOUD BE CLEARLY SEE, TRULY N DIRECT-
ION. WINDS AT 28,300 FT WERE 36 KNOTS AND 346 DEGREES. NO RADAR CONTACT.

VISUALLY OBSR WITHOUT AIDS. PAR

SIGHTING NO2: OBSR BY MRS LEIDY 209 J ST SW, AUBURN, WAS. GROUND OBSR
CORPS DUTY PHONE AUBURN 1594 ANDROME PHONE AUBURN 328J. OBJ SEEN AT GRID -
105 119 AND MOVED SPORADICALLY BACK AND FORTH GENERALLY MOVING S. FLOATED
VER HILLS IN N. OBSR POST IS 10 TO 12 MILES NE OF TACOMA, WASH. NO PROP-
ULSION, NO SOUND, NO TRAIL. ALT 10,900 FT. FIRST SIGHTING WAS AT 26 0732Z
NC5 219 / THEN AT 86 RPT 26 862 HAS MOVED TO NC5 916 THEN AT 29 482
BJ STRAIGHT UP FROM HER AND SLIGHTLY E. COLOR DESCRIBED AS METALLIC
WHITE. WEATHER CAVU. WINDS ALOFT 18KNOTS 350 DEGREES, NO RADAR CONTACT.

OBSR VISUALLY WITHOUT AIDS.

251146Z JUL 44AJB


- page 236 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE - 46450.00

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object?
1.1 Date: 28 JULY 1952
1.2 Time of Day: 11 A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zones (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain

d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object?
Postal Address: JERSEY CITY N.J. U.S.A.
Additional Remarks: I WAS ON DUTY ON TOP OF THE ROOF AS A GROUND OBSERVER (UNITED STATES AIR FORCE GROUND OBSERVER CORPS)

3. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors

d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

3.1 Were you:
(Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other


- page 237 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

4. How did you happen to notice the object? WHILE ON
ROUTINE OBSERVATION FOR AIRCRAFT.
(OPERATION - "SKY WATCH")

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
28 JULY 1952
Day Month Year

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? OBSERVATION
DUTY - FOR AIRCRAFT.

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object?
Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount
of time spent on each.
LOOKING FOR AIRCRAFT AND REPORTING THE
AIRCRAFT TO THE FILTER CENTER AT
WHITE PLAINS, NEW YORK.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes or NO

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North g. South
b. Northeast f. Southwest
c. East g. West
d. Southeast h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes or No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North g. South
b. Northeast f. Southwest
c. East g. West
d. SOUTHEAST h. Northwest


- page 238 -

8.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North            e. South
             b. Northeast        f. Southwest
             c. East             g. West
             d. Southeast        h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
your answer to the above question and preceding question (8 and
8.1).
             a. Certain          c. Not very sure
             b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes       or     No    TWO OBSERVERS WITH ME WERE
                           NOT WEARING GLASSES

10. How was the object seen?
    (Circle One): a. Through window glass   e. Through theodolite
                  b. Through windshield     f. Through sunglasses
                  c. Through binoculars     g. Through open space
                  d. Through telescope      h. Other ____________

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the
object?
11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)                   11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
     a. Clear sky                                a. Dry
     b. Hazy                                     b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
     c. Scattered clouds                         c. Moderate or heavy rain
     d. Thick or heavy clouds                    d. Snow
     e. Don't remember                           e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)                     11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
     a. No wind                                  a. Cold
     b. Slight breeze                            b. Cool
     c. Strong wind                              c. Warm
     d. Don't remember                           d. Hot
                                                 e. Don't remember

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object:         2   2   3
                                         Hours   Minutes   Seconds


- page 239 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:

a. Certain
b. Fairly sure

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent

14. Did the object at any time:
(Circle One for each question)

14.1 Change direction?
14.2 Change speed?
14.3 Change size?
14.4 Change color?
14.5 Break up into parts or explode?
14.6 Give off smoke?
14.7 Change brightness?
14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
14.9 Remain motionless?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't know

15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? ORANGE CENTER AM A REDDISH BROWN

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
16.1 Sound   I COULD HEAR NO SOUND
16.2 Color   IT HAD A ORANGE CENTER AND A REDDISH BROWN RIM

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

18. Did the object at any time:

18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't know

IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
WHEN THE OBJECT ASCENDED IT DISAPPEARED BEHIND A CLOUD.


- page 240 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 5

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One)
a. Pea
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk

f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other DIME - THROUGH BINOCULAR ABOUT THE SIZE OF HALF-DOLLAR.

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the objects:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? NOT SURE feet.
20.2 How far was it from you? Just or 3 miles.
20.3 How fast was it going? SLOW miles per hour.
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly
b. Gradually

c. Other
d. Don't remember

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

[A diagram is included showing a curved line representing the horizon, with points marked "You" and labeled points A and B to indicate height of an object]

Overhead

Horizon

You


- page 241 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead
[Diagram showing horizon, you, and object positions]

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.
[Diagram showing object motion with arrows]

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

ORANGE GLOW
THAT APPEARED
AROUND
THE OBJECT

SOUTHEAST

CENTER HAD A
GRAYISH BROWN RING

A SLIGHTLY DARKER ORANGE
THEN THE ORANGE GLOW
THAT APPEARED AROUND THE OBJECT


- page 242 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes or No

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did
you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused
it? A MACHINE OF SOME SORT (AIRCRAFT) OF HIGH PRIORITY SECRET.

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [Street] JERSEY CITY, 7 N.J.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? PRESSER & FREE LANCE PHOTOGRAPHER
Age 32
Sex M

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[addresses redacted]
JERSEY CITY, N.J
JERSEY CITY, N.J


- page 243 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 8

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper, if necessary.

ENCLOSED PLEASE FIND ADDITIONAL PRINTS
PLUS PHOTOGRAPH OF SKYLINE SHOWING
POSITION OF OBJECT. ALSO INCLUDED IS
A COLOR DRAWING OF THE OBJECT.

If you like I can send you a
wire recording about object explaining all
details

Colored slide is a shot of the inside
of a Church as the organ was playing
a deep note which shook. The railing
I've gotten. This effect quite often taking
well-ing photos.


- page 244 -

This case contains 3, 8"x10" photos and 1, 5½x7" photo.


- page 245 -

WD-AGO Form 568                                                                                   2 July 1952

Preparing Office: ACOFS, G2, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey

Subject: Unconventional Aircraft

1. At approximately 0930 hours on 1 July 1952, MEIER, Norman John, Badge #2009, Military Instructor, Radar Division, Enlisted Department, The Signal School, Fort Monmouth, reported to ACOFS, G2, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, the presence of two unconventional aircraft at a height of approximately 50 thousand feet directly over the Fort Monmouth area.

MEIER stated that at approximately 0920 hours on 1 July 1952, the students under his supervision were engaged in tracking on Radar Set SCR 584, 8 or 9 conventional aircraft, a number of which were jet propelled, when two unidentified objects were sighted at a higher altitude.

MEIER further stated that one of these objects appeared to suspend motion for a period of approximately 5 minutes after which it took off with a terrific burst of speed in a southeasterly direction. He stated that these objects displayed a speed 2 to 4 times in excess of the conventional aircraft previously sighted.

At approximately 0933 hours on 1 July 1952, Sheldon F. de BAUN, Agent, G2, Fort Monmouth, transmitted via telephone the information received from MEIER to Mr. KILPATRICK, ACOFS, G2, Headquarters, 1st Army, Governors Island, New York.

Agent de BAUN was advised by Mr. KILPATRICK to contact PIPER, Wilfred, Lt. Col., Commanding Officer, 646 AC and W Squadron, United States Air Force, Highlands, New Jersey.

Mr. KILPATRICK further advised agent de BAUN to recontact MEIER for additional information and to confirm the reported altitude of the sighted objects.

At approximately 0936 hours on 1 July 1952, Agent de BAUN contacted Col. MEIER at Highlands, New Jersey and was advised by Col. MEIER that the Air Force was conducting maneuvers in the vicinity of Fort Monmouth on that date.

At approximately 0933 hours, Agent de BAUN recontacted MEIER and was assured by MEIER that the reported objects were at an altitude of approximately 50 thousand feet. MEIER further advised Agent de BAUN that he 12 man comprising his class of instruction had visually sighted these two objects and had noted that the vapor trail emitting from the conventional aircraft within the immediate vicinity was missing from those objects.

2. At approximately 1520 hours on 1 July 1952, MEIER again reported to ACOFS, G2, the presence of 12 unconventional aircraft directly over Fort Monmouth area at an altitude of approximately 40 to 50 thousand yards.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

Page 1 of 2 Pages                                                                                           10395

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 246 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Top Left:
11m. po
Artist

Inside Circle:
Harvest Moon
Chance

Top Right:
Repish
Brown

Left Side:
Slow

The document appears to be a hand-drawn circular sketch or diagram with text annotations.


- page 247 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph with white, blurry, branching or tree-like shapes against a dark background. The image is grainy and has a low contrast, making the details difficult to discern clearly.


- page 248 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a very grainy, low-contrast black and white photograph with some small white or light-colored spots or objects visible, but the details are extremely difficult to discern due to the poor image quality.


- page 249 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a white or light-colored object against a dark background, but the details are very difficult to discern due to the poor image quality and high contrast.


- page 250 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

XX

2 civil men

1

Rocket-type device found in field in Wisconsin. Object was lettered "U13".

1. if possible, object was "OOP"


- page 251 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(Printed on Film 10 covered, Palmyra, Wisconsin, 20 July 1952 - SPECIAL AGENCY)

Documents and Dissemination in Transit, Collection
Division, Directorate of Intelligence, USAF

Cover of Hqs Myers City, Dir. of Special
Investigations, Hq USAF

1 July 1952
Lt. Col. Froe/in/WCSR-
Code 172, P-140

1. Is attached herewith is a communication prepared from the FBI on 30 July
1952 in regard to the above subjects.

2. This office has advised by S.A. Faulkner of your suggestion to get the
letter of 30 July 1952 from the FBI at Myers City, Michigan, which letter
was an investigation of which is now, L. S. Faulkner version WLM.

3. Any pertinent information subsequently developed in this matter will be
furnished you as proceeding.

1 Incl:
Communication fr FBI, CILE M. LOWRY
CIC, Counter Intelligence Div
Dir. of Special Investigations
The Inspector Board

w// incl (1)
AT15013


- page 252 -

Here is the text from the document:

C O P Y

At 9:00 a. m., July 29, 1952, the FBI representatives at Madison, Wisconsin, was contacted by representatives of OSI, Truax Field, Madison, Wisconsin. They advised that a rocket-type device had been found in an open area immediately outside the town of Palmyra. They stated that the device had "USSR" stamped on three of six sides. The device was found at 2:00 p. m. on Monday, July 28, 1952, by two boys with of Palmyra, both boys are twenty-one years of age and might is a recently discharged Korean veteran.

Agents from the Madison Resident Agency proceeded to Palmyra. It was ascertained that the device is two and one-half to three feet in length. Its fins are a dark yellow color. It was found sunk into the ground only five inches and at a 45 degree angle. In a ground search it was noted no been traveling from north to south. There were no noticeable "bounce" marks in the immediate vicinity. It was ascertained that the above-mentioned two boys had tried to dismantle the device. In so doing, they had broken off a spike-like tip which is approximately ten inches in length and which was attached to the detonating mechanism of the device. A small wire resembling a case iron pipe nine inches long and one yard in length was found near the device. This wire was anchored to the inside portion of the device where it appeared there had been a propeller unit of some sort.

Mr. [REDACTED] of Palmyra advised agent that on Sunday, July 27, she was awakened at 11:30 p. m. by an electrical storm. She looked out of her window and saw a ball of fire. Twenty minutes later she heard an airplane pass over her house (it is to be noted that the device was found approximately one half mile from her house). She then noticed that from the moment that it was sunk into the ground it appeared as if it had passed directly over her house.

Two enlisted men from Truax Airfield Clearance Depot, both non-commissioned officers, have examined the device. They advised that it has definitely been fired. They further stated that it could possibly be a stationary object on a ramp. They claimed that it is not listed in any U. S. technical manuals dealing with rockets.

Preparation is being made by the Milwaukee Office to forward the device to the Technical Laboratory for appropriate examination.

C O P Y


- page 253 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Serial 52

23/0530 2

Civilian men

2 - 3

Unidentified objects were reported from American
Airlines flight. Two F-84s were dispatched
to intercept objects, could find nothing.

Some parts of the document are partially illegible, but I have transcribed the text that is clearly visible.


- page 254 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART I
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

United States

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

(UNCLASSIFIED) Unidentified Flying Objects, Reporting (Short Title: TYCGPZ)

Middletown Air Material Area                                   Climated Air Force Base, Middletown, Pa.
DATE OF REPORT                                                 DATE OF INFORMATION
28 July 1952                                                   27 July 1952

PREPARED BY                                                    SOURCE
John L. Driscol, 2d Lt., USAF                                  Civilian airborne observer

Air Force Letter No. 200-5, 29 Apr 52

SUMMARY:

American Airlines Flight 613 reported observing two or three unidentified flying objects at approximately 2208303 degrees Columbus, Ohio, Flight 613 was located at 4542 N (N17W) approximately 10 miles east of Akron, Pa. flying at 15,000 feet at the time of the observation.

The objects were reported to be west of the airliner flying on a heading of 270° Pittsburgh Quad Nurse. No details were given by the pilot except that he reported the objects were flying around a thunderstorm.

Two F-86 aircraft were dispatched by the 71st Fighter Interceptor Wing to investigate report. Search aircraft submitted negative report and couldn't verify sighting.

Visibility at the time of the sighting was reported to be 9 miles, clear.

The only available identification of pilot is that his name is [ILLEGIBLE].

This Office can offer no explanation for the sighting.

CJGIS report 2207835 has been initiated by this Office.

One cy to AHQ, W/F 143, Ohio for forwarding to S/T, Hq USAF, Wash,DC
One info cy to ATIC, W/F 4B, Ohio


- page 255 -

20 JUL 1952 10 13 :

OPERATIONAL IMMEDIATE

TO JEPHQ/DIROFUNTEL HQ USAF WASHDC
JEDWP/AIRTECHINTELCEN WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB OHIO
INFO JEDEN/CG ENT AFB COLO
JEDWP/CG AMC WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB OHIO

YOBRPT. AMERICAN AIRLINER 519 REPORTED OBSERVATION OF TWO OR THREE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS AT APPROXIMATELY 2206 EDST. OBJECTS WERE REPORTED TO BE LOCATED EAST OF THE AIRCRAFT ON A HEADING OF 271 DEGREES ON PITTSBURGH OMNI RANGE. AMERICAN 519 WAS LOCATED APPROXIMATELY TEN MILES EAST OF TYRONE PENNA. AT 18000 WHEN THE SIGHTING OCCURRED. OBJECTS WERE DESCRIBED AS FLYING AROUND A THUNDERSTORM. AIRLINE PILOT REPORTED THAT LATER THE OBJECTS WERE OBSERVED TO BE FLYING ABOVE HIS AIRCRAFT. THIS LATER OBSERVATION WAS PROBABLY TWO F-94 TYPE AIRCRAFT. CONTACTED FROM GREATER PITTSBURGH AIRPORT INVESTIGATING AIRLINE PILOTS REPORT. WEATHER AT TIME OF OBSERVATION WAS NINE MILES


- page 256 -

UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY
Office of the Assistant Chief of Staff, G2
Governors Island, New York 4, N. Y.

ANTKS-PO                                                                11 July 1952

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft

TO:    Assistant Chief of Staff, G2
        Department of the Army, GSUSA
        Washington 25, D. C.

The attached Summary of Information from Fort Monmouth, dated 2 July 1952, subject: "Unconventional Aircraft," is forwarded for your information and any action deemed necessary by your office.

[Signature]
WENDELL G. JOHNSON
Colonel, GS
Assistant Chief of Staff, G2

1 Incl.
Summary of Info,
dtd 2 Jul 52

G2-PRT

OAGOFS,G-2, Intelligence, DA, Washington 25, D.C. 35 JUL 1952

TO: Director of Intelligence, USAF, Department of the Air Force,
     Washington 25, D.C.
     ATTN: AFOIN-2X

Forwarded for information and retention.

FOR THE ASSISTANT CHIEF OF STAFF, G2

[Signature]
C. W. PLATT
HARRY H. SMITH
Major, GS
Production Division, G2

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DD 5200.10

3296

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 257 -

PAGE TWO JEDLS 1C

CLEAR. F-86 AIRCRAFT DISPATCHED TO INVESTIGATE MATTER SUBMITTED
NEGATIVE REPORT AND COULD NOT VERIFY AIRLINE PILOTS OBSERVATION.
SERVICE REPORT IS BEING SUBMITTED IN ADDITION. SIGNED JOHN L SPIEGEL
2ND LT USAF.
28/8829Z JUL JEDLS

The bottom portion of the document contains a large "IMMEDIATE" stamp, but the text in that section is illegible.


- page 258 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ACTION

HQ54
WPC35
TY1252
JEPHO D235

IN JEDUP
DE JEPHO 353A
R 2521552 ZIJN
FM HQ USAF WASHDC
TO CGANC WRIGHT PAT AFB DAYTON OHIO

[REDACTED LINE] FROM AFOIL 54545 ATTN CLN ATIC CHA

ATIAA-5 FOLG MSG RECD FROM CG MAMA OLMSTEAD AFB CLN "RESTRICTED/CIRVIS
4542 N 7916" APPROXIMATELY 13 MILES EAST OF TYRONE PENN TWO OR
THREE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS FLYING ON A HEADING 274 DEGREES
PITTSBURGH OMNI RANGE REPORTED BY AMERICAN AIRLINE FLIGHT 519
2506542 VISIBILITY NINE MILES CLEAR. TWO F-86 AIRCRAFT 74ST
FIGHTER INTERCEPTOR WING DISPATCHED TO INVESTIGATE WERE UNABLE TO
VERIFY CIVILIAN AIRLINERS REPORT. [REDACTED] FLIGHT 519 AMERICAN
AIRLINES."

27/2584Z JUL JEPHO


- page 259 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top of document has some partially illegible text]

AF Office:
    1

Spherical object trailing a blue flame and moving at high speed was seen by operations office and dispatcher at 14:45.

[Bottom of document has some additional partially illegible text]


- page 260 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART 1
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

COUNTRY USA                REPORT NO. 26-94-52                    (LEAVE BLANK) 0/497165

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

AREA WEST CHARLES AFB, LA                    FROM 4400X HQ 805TH AIR DIVISION

DATE OF OBSERVATION 21 JULY 1952             DATE OF REPORT 28 JULY 1952        EVALUATING 3

PERSONAL INTERVIEW
SOURCE: THEODORE L. PASCOE 3963A             SOURCE PERSONAL INTERVIEW
DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE 4400X SIG, dtd 31 Jul 52, AFOIN-C/CG-2, dtd

(1) Particular significant features observed. Object was "judge dull to describe". No particular aerodynamic features observed. Object trailed a blue flame. Method of propulsion resembled that of a jet, or a rocket. There was no sound heard, and the object was moving extremely fast, which can be seen by the fact that it was within visual range only three to four seconds.

(2) Time was approximately 2030 hours 28 July 1952.

(3) Manner of observation: Naked eye. Altitude was estimated to be 5,000 feet.

(4) Location of observation: East end of Lake Charles AFB, La, coordinates 30° 12'N, 93° 50'W, as testway. Location of object from this position was east of Lake Charles AFB, La, moving from the east to a northerly direction. Distance was approximately ten or three miles.

(5) Identifying Information of Observer: 1st Lt William A. Thiel, AO-569337, Assistant Base Operations Officer, and A/3c William B. Edwards, AF 21777359, dispatcher on duty.

(6) Weather and wind shaft conditions at time and place of sighting: calm, no wind.

(7) To knowledge of the observers, there was no activity or condition, meteorological or otherwise, which led to the sighting.

(8) There is no evidence of any physical evidence such as fragments, photographs and the like, of the sighting.

(9) No interception or identification action was taken. Time element prevailed.

(10) At time of sighting, one F-84 was making a low approach behind the observers to their east and south.

THEODORE L. PASCOE
Lt Col, USAF
Director of Intelligence


- page 261 -

OFFICE OF THE BASE OPERATIONS OFFICER
3006th Air Base Group
Lake Charles Air Force Base
Lake Charles, Louisiana

ABBO                                                                      28 July 1952

SUBJECT: Report of Unknown Body Flying over Lake Charles Air Force Base.

To:   Commanding Officer
       3066th Air Division
       Lake Charles Air Force Base
       Lake Charles, Louisiana
       ATTN: Intelligence Officer

1. About 2030 Central Standard Time we were on the taxiway by the civilian area and noticed a luminous, spherical shaped object, trailing a long streak of blue fire, at approximately 5000 feet. The object was traveling at an excessive rate of speed from South to North over the extreme western end of Lake Charles Air Force Base. In our opinion, no conventional aircraft would be capable of such speeds as this object demonstrates. The object was in view for approximately 5 (five) seconds, then it seemed to turn and disappear completely. No sound was heard.

                                    WILLIAM A. THIEL
                                    1/Lt, USAF, AO 659337
                                    Asst Base Operations Officer

                                    WILLIAM R. EDWARDS
                                    A/3c, USAF, AF 24777259
                                    Base Operations Dispatcher


- page 262 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

20 Jul 52

Airman

1

Saw a pink light observed by airman of 130 Air Gp. Object was traveling at 500 mph slid off and sp.

Some parts of the text are partially illegible, particularly in the header section of the document. The bottom half of the page appears to be mostly blank with a faint mark or smudge.


- page 263 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Country: United States of America
Report No.: Original
Subject: UNUSUAL OBSERVATION
Area: GADF Area
Date of Observation: 30 Jul 1952
Date of Report: 28 Jul 1952
Prepared by: ROBERT L. McINNES, Captain, USAF
From: 130th ACW Squadron, Clarke AFB, Tex.
Source: A/2c Dorold, Anthony J., AF 12887771

Summary:

1. Speed approximately 500 miles per hour.
2. At 11,000 feet.
3. Due West.
4. 347 in area, circling landing field.
5. One light.
6. Salmon-pink light.
7. Streak of light-dull.
8. Flashed two times for approximately 1,000 ft.
9. Stayed off for 500 feet.
10. No sound.
11. Qualified Ground Observer.
12. One foot in diameter.
13. Clouds broken, 30,000 feet.
14. A mile in distance or less.

Signed:
ALDEN P. RIGBY
Captain, USAF
Intelligence Officer


- page 264 -

Here is the text from the document:

20 Jul 52

IDENTIFICATION
XX Ground V stat
F. Woods

OBSERVER
2 civilian women

BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Peculiar greenish-white light traveling. Reportedly was seen by two housewives over Florence, S. C.


- page 265 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

WB-MATS                                                                  TR-471-52

Unidentified Flying Object Sighted Over Florence, South Carolina 28 July 1952
First Sighting, MRS, 1800 Newark Street, N. W., Washington 25, D. C.

State of South Carolina, USA                                              29 July 1952

Gerald E. Tyler, Major, USAF                                              Civilian observers of Florence, S. Carolina

Teletype FIXOBSF submitted by Maxwell Flight Service Center, 28-0-09 July

An unidentified flying object, described as a peculiar whitish green light and travelling faster than any aircraft the observers had ever seen, was observed over the City of Florence, South Carolina, at 2115B, 28 July 1952.

GERALD E. TYLER
Major, USAF
Acting Intelligence Officer

Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: ATIC-2-GQ


- page 266 -

Flight Service, MATS
3800 Nebraska Avenue, N. W.
Washington 25, D. C.

1. An unidentified flying object was observed over the City of Florence, South Carolina 26 July 1952. Sighting occurred at 2113h. No information as to the length of sighting is available.

2. Object was reported as very high in the sky, moving due west in a straight line. No vertical movement was observed. Object appeared faster than any aircraft. The observers had over soon. Object appeared as a peculiar whitish green light. No other information available.

3. Weather in the area at the time of sighting was clear, visibility 12 miles, winds aloft 5,000 feet, from 250°, 15 knots, 10,000 feet, 350°, 10 knots, 15,000 feet, 20°, 15 knots, 20,000 feet, 45°, 15 knots.

4. Witnesses: Mrs. [REDACTED], no known address, telephone [REDACTED]
[REDACTED] Mr. and Mrs. [REDACTED], no known address or telephone number given.

5. The information was reported to Maxwell Flight Service Center by Jacksonville Air Route Traffic Control Center at 2036 CST 28 July 1952.

6. No known military air traffic was over Florence, South Carolina, at the time of sighting.

Comments of Preparing Officer:
1. Insufficient background information on witnesses is available to determine aerial observer qualifications. Witnesses were not interrogated.


- page 267 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

PREPARING OFFICE
ACOFS, G2, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey

DATE
2 July 1952

SUBJECT
Unconventional Aircraft

CODE FOR USE IN INDIVIDUAL PARAGRAPH EVALUATION
OF SOURCE:                 OF INFORMATION:
COMPLETELY RELIABLE . . . . A         CONFIRMED BY OTHER SOURCES . . 1
USUALLY RELIABLE . . . . . B         PROBABLY TRUE . . . . . . . 2
FAIRLY RELIABLE . . . . . C         POSSIBLY TRUE . . . . . . . 3
NOT USUALLY RELIABLE . . . D         DOUBTFULLY TRUE . . . . . . 4
UNRELIABLE . . . . . . . E         IMPROBABLE . . . . . . . . 5
RELIABILITY UNKNOWN . . . F         TRUTH CANNOT BE JUDGED . . . 6

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

1. At approximately 0930 hours on 19 July 1952, MEIER, Norman John, Badge #2009, Military Instructor, Radar Division, Enlisted Department, The Signal School, Fort Monmouth, reported to ACOFS, G2, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, the presence of two unconventional aircraft at a height of approximately 50 thousand feet directly over the Fort Monmouth area.

MEIER stated that at approximately 0920 hours on 1 July 1952, the students under his supervision were engaged in tracking on Radar Set SCR 584, 8 or 9 conventional aircraft, a number of which were jet propelled, when two unidentified objects were sighted at a higher altitude.

MEIER further stated that one of these objects appeared to suspend motion for a period of approximately 5 minutes after which it took off with a terrific burst of speed in a southeasterly direction. He stated that these objects displayed a speed 2 to 4 times in excess of the conventional aircraft previously sighted.

At approximately 0933 hours on 1 July 1952, Sheldon F. de BAUN, Agent, G2, Fort Monmouth, transmitted via telephone the information received from MEIER to Mr. KILPATRICK, ACOFS, G2, Headquarters, 1st Army, Governors Island, New York.

Agent de BAUN was advised by Mr. KILPATRICK to contact PIPER, Wilfred, Lt. Col., Commanding Officer, 646 AC and V Squadron, United States Air Force, Highlands, New Jersey.

Mr. KILPATRICK further advised agent de BAUN to recontact MEIER for additional information and to confirm the reported altitude of the sighted objects.

At approximately 0936 hours on 1 July 1952, Agent de BAUN contacted Col. PIPER at Highlands, New Jersey and was advised by Col. PIPER that the Air Force was continuing maneuvers in the vicinity of Fort Monmouth on that date.

At approximately 0938 hours, Agent de BAUN recontacted MEIER and was assured by MEIER that the reported objects were at an altitude of approximately 50 thousand feet. MEIER further advised Agent de BAUN that the 12 men comprising his class of instruction had visually sighted these two objects and had noted that the vapor trail emitting from the conventional aircraft within the immediate vicinity was missing from those objects.

2. At approximately 1520 hours on 1 July 1952, MEIER again reported to ACOFS, G2, the presence of 12 unconventional aircraft directly over Fort Monmouth area at an altitude of approximately 40 to 50 thousand yards. DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS, DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. POD DIR 520.10

DISTRIBUTION
UNCLASSIFIED

WD FORM 56
1 JUN 47                                1 of 2 Pages


- page 268 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

1. ATIAC
2. ATIA
3. C. Files

RA8310
WPC269
YDA059
WYC293
VDA055
UESYQ A22

PP JEPHO JEDUP JEDEN JEPFF JEPRS 555
DE JESYQ 05
P 280302Z

FM MAXWELL FLTSERVICEN MAXWELL AFB ALA
TO JEPHO/DIR INTELLIGENCE HOUSAF WASHDC
INFO JEDUP/AIR TECH INTELLIGENCE CEN ATIAC TWO C WRIGHT PATTERSON
AFB OHIO

JEDEN/CG ENT AFB COLORADO SPRINGS COLO
JEPFF/CDR MATS INTEL DIV WASHDC
JEPRS/CDR FLTSERV WASHDC

[REDACTED] MFSC 28-G-29 FLYOBRPT AT 2113E A MRS [REDACTED]
JR NO KNOWN ADDRESS PHONE NUMBER [REDACTED] AND
MR AND MRS [REDACTED] NO KNOWN ADDRESS OBSERVED OVER THE CITY
FLORENCE SOUTH CAROLINA AN OBJECT VERY HIGH IN THE SKY MOVING DUE
WEST IN A STRAIGHT LINE NO VERTICLE MOVEMENT WAS OBSERVED. OBJECT
APPEARED FASTER THAN ANY AIR CRAFT THEY HAD EVER SEEN. OBJECT
APPEARED AS A PECULIAR WHITISH GREEN LIGHT, NO OTHER INFORMATION
AVAILABLE. ABOVE INFORMATION RECEIVED FROM JACKSONVILLE CONTROL AT
2153E. SGD GENTRY

297033OZ JUL JESYQ


- page 269 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

23,4015 PST
23,4015 3

Civilian man

4 seconds

1 3100

Blue-white object tapered to a point
and moved at speed faster than jet a/c was
own or possibly man for Eastern Airlines.

Note: Some parts of the text are slightly blurry or faded, but I have transcribed what I can clearly read.


- page 270 -

Here is the text from the document:

DM
WPC687
YWK090
VYD139
JEDDB YBD115

FP JEPHQ JEDWP JEDEN JEDKF 444
DE JESDB 14

P 290452

FM 35TH AIR DIV ADCC DOBBINS AFB MARIETTA GA.

TO JEPHQ/DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE HQ. USAF WASH 25, D C

JEDWP/AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO.

JEDEN/COMMANDING GENERAL ADC, ENT AFB, COLORADO.

JEDK/CG CADF, KANSAS CITY, MO.

FOR ATIAA-2C FOR DEPUTY FOR INTELLIGENCE.

FLYDBREFT: THIS HQ. HAS RECEIVED THE FOLLOWING FROM MR. [REDACTED], MARIETTA, GA.

1. DESCRIPTION: NO SHAPE OTHER THAN A BLUE WHITE FLAME, ELONGATED AND STAPERING TO A POINT AT REAR. ONE OBJECT. NO SOUND, NO MANEUVERS. FASTER THAN A JET A/C OUTSTANDING FEATURE:BLUE-WHITE FLAME, OBSERVER SAID.

2. TIME OF SIGHTING: 28/0415EST FOR 3 OR 4 SECS.

3. MANNER OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL, SURFACE.

4. LOCATION OF OBSERVER: HOME IN MARIETTA, GA.
LONGITUDE 540DEGREES 32', LATITUDE 33DEGREES 57'. MOVING IN NW DIRECTION, ESTIMATED AT LEAST 15,900"M.


- page 271 -

PAGE TWO JESDB QP

5. INFORMATION ON OBSERVER: WAS PUBLICITY MAN FOR EASTERN AIR LINES AT TIME THEIR PILOT MADE REPORT ON "SAUCER" OVER ALABAMA 2 OR 3 YEARS AGO.

6. WEATHER: SKY-CLEAR, VISIBILITY-12 MILES, TEMP-3 DEGREES,

WIND-WSW AT 6 KNOTS.

WINDS: 4.4,300'/27 DEGREES AT 5 KNOTS

WINDS: 2.3,300'/36 DEGREES AT 5 KNOTS

WINDS:13,360'/19 DEGREES AT 20 KNOTS

WINDS:+40,280'/200 DEGREES AT 20 KNOTS

7. NONE

8. NONE

9. NONE

QPM UNKNOWN.

29/08/52 JUL JESDB


- page 272 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

20 Jul 52

Division hq

- 5 -

[Partially legible text] "orange ball"
[Partially legible text] in afraid of hope.

1. Two [illegible text] were at

[Note: Some parts of the text are very faint or illegible, so I have noted those areas accordingly.]


- page 273 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART I
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

COUNTRY U.S.A.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT: Report of Unusual Flying Objects

AREA: Near Elliott, Illinois

DATE OF SIGHTING: 28 July 1952     DATE OF REPORT: 29 July 1952

PREPARED BY: Capt. Frank J. Reidwitzkaus

EVALUATION: N.L.

SOURCE: Individual as listed below

SUMMARY:

On the 28th of July 1952, at 1845 CST, Mr. residing at Chicago, Illinois sighted five (5) objects flying at approximately 3,500 feet, in the vicinity of 1500 feet, estimated altitude. Objects were five in number, described as round to ovoid, with a metallic or gun-metal gray color. Sighted near Chicago, Illinois in the vicinity of Midway Airport, Markham, Illinois. Witnesses include Mr. and Mrs. at this visual sighting. All observers and GCI were alerted with negative results.

The weather at the time was 3,500 scattered, 25,000 thin broken, visibility 10 miles, thin haze, surface 320 degrees 20 knots, temperature 6,000 feet recorded at 68 feet, ascending to 30 miles.

Aircraft reported flying in the local Cleveland area.

[Signed]
Frank J. Reidwitzkaus
FRANK J. REIDWITZKAUS
INTELLIGENCE OFFICER


- page 274 -

Distribution by Originator:
1 cy - CG, AC, Wright Patterson AFB, Attn: MCIS
1 cy - CG, ADC, Mtns Deputy for Intelligence
1 cy - CG, USAF, Stewart, AFA, Asst Director of Intelligence
1 cy - CG, 30th Air Division, Hillcw Director of Intell
1 cy - Hq USAF, Dir of Intell, Pentagon, Washington 25, D.C.

Note: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Act 50 U.S.C. 31 and 32 as amended. (Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part by other than United States Air Force agencies, except by permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF.)

[A classification marking is blacked out]

U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE 1950-0-18301


- page 275 -

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

PREPARING OFFICE:
ACOFS, G2, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey

DATE:
2 July 1952

SUBJECT:
Unconventional Aircraft

UNCLASSIFIED

CODE FOR USE IN INDIVIDUAL PARAGRAPH EVALUATION
OF SOURCE:                   CONFIRMED BY OTHER SOURCES:
COMPLETELY RELIABLE . . . . A             1
USUALLY RELIABLE . . . . . B             2
FAIRLY RELIABLE . . . . . C             3
NOT USUALLY RELIABLE . . . D             4
CANNOT BE JUDGED . . . . E             5
RELIABILITY UNKNOWN . . . F             6

TRUTH CANNOT BE JUDGED . . 6

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION:

NEIER stated that these 12 unconventional aircraft displayed great maneuver-ability, excessive high speeds and the same characteristics as the two objects reported earlier on that date.

At approximately 1523 hours on 1 July 1952, Agent de BAUN contacted Mr. KILPATRICK and reported this latest incident. Mr. KILPATRICK questioned the reported and further requested Agent de BAUN to contact Col. PIPER.

Agent de BAUN recontacted NEIER and was reassured by him that the estimated altitude of these unconventional aircraft was from 40 to 50 thousand yards. Agent de BAUN then contacted Col. PIPER and was advised by him that the Air Force would immediately investigate the reported presence of these unconventional aircraft in the vicinity of Fort Monmouth.

AGENT'S NOTE: During the period covered by this report, the weather was clear, visibility excellent, with an exceedingly high ceiling with few visible clouds.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS,
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
WD AGO FORM 56     Page 2 of 2 Pages


- page 276 -

UNCLASSIFIED

CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER OF EVENTS REGARDING THE SIGHTING OF UNUSUAL OBJECTS
OVER FORT MONMOUTH ON JULY 1, 1952 AND WITNESSED BY 12 STUDENTS.

1. 0920 As I was walking past the radar vans, Sgts Smith and Hartlaner reported that several students besides themselves were seeing strange objects in the sky directly overhead. They noticed these objects after first observing the vapor trails and numerous 1/2 of many planes overhead at a range of about 20,000 yards. This was not seen by me.

2. 0925 I immediately questioned Smith and Hartlaner and after noticing their seriousness, gathered together all who reportedly saw the objects and took them into Bldg. 900.

3. 0927 I called Mr. Sheldon De Brum at Security and Intelligence and reported that several high speed and highly maneuverable objects were seen overhead in the vicinity of other aircraft. These objects were seen to move south and the entire situation was witnessed by 12 men. This was as per orders regarding any unusual observed activities.

4. 0930 I reported the identical same incident to Capt. Mikulas in the Radar Division Headquarters, Bldg. 913.

5. 0935 I immediately began taking names and statements from all who were involved in the incident.

6. 0938 Mr. Sheldon De Brum called back and reported that he had contacted Maguire Air Force Base and that Maguire had planes over this area but that was all they could tell him.

7. 0942 Capt Mikulas and CWO Dickerson came to my office in Bldg. 900 and questioned the students who saw the objects. Capt Mikulas then ordered all 12 students involved to make individual signed statements.

8. 0943- Students prepared their statements.
1034

9. 1105 The complete report was submitted to Capt Mikulas, read by Lt. Col. Dombres, and then handed to Sgt Major Mang for typing.

Submitted by: NORMAN J. MEIER
Civilian Instructor
Bldg. 900
GCR 524 Section

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10


- page 277 -

REPORT OF UNUSUAL OBSERVATION

LOCATION: Radar Park Bldg 500

WEATHER: Clear, Mild, Bright

DATE: 1 July 1952

TYPE OF EQUIPMENT: SCR-58A

RADAR OBSERVATION
TIME:            0840    0907½    0915    1006
AZIMUTH:         Overhead Overhead Overhead Overhead
ELEVATION:       "       "       "       "
RANGE-YARDS:     12,000  27,000   27,000   Visual Only
HEADING:         North to North to North to North to
                 South   South   South   South
SPEED:           2-3 that 2-3 that 3-4 that 4 that of
                 of a jet of a jet of a jet a jet
MANEUVERS:       Highly   Highly   Highly   Straight Line

VISUAL OBSERVATION
Number:          2
Speed:           2-4 times jet speed
Maneuverability: Highly - at angles
Altitude:        12000 - 25000
Exhaust Trail:   None

Object Sighted:  Shiny and round
Shape:           Flat or cylindrical
Color:           Metallic
Heading:         Toward South
Sound:           None
Photographed:    No

WITNESSES:
NAME: 12 Men - Attached Sheets

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS,
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

[Signature/Name partially redacted]
Civilian Instructor
Radar Division, ED, TSS

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 278 -

UNCLASSIFIED

STATEMENT OF: Pvt R. E. Ridinger
US 56 095 502
13th Student Co.

1006                1 July 52

I was standing beside an AA/AFG Radar van talking with a group of men when one of the men said "Look up there". I looked overhead and immediately spotted an object that looked similar to a table tennis ball at a large distance away. It was overhead and traveling at a very rapid rate toward the south (seemingly turning toward the south west). The size of the object became smaller as it increased distance and became lost behind a telephone pole and a building. The sky was very clear and very good visibility.

[Signature]
PVT R. E. RIDINGER

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10.


- page 279 -

STATEMENT OF: Pvt Ray E. Hampshire
US 55 186 144

UNCLASSIFIED

While watching several jets and their vapor trails, I noticed what looked like a star at a greater altitude. By watching it for awhile it seemed to move back and forth. So I went over to a GCR 584 and told them to try and track the jets. While they were getting them on the "J" scope they picked up these objects straight overhead. So they set in auto-tracking on them, it appeared to be several objects of the "J" scope and the clutter was at about 15,000 yds. The antenna swung about 150° and they lost them. So I returned back to the MPS and they said there was another object overhead so we watched it for a while then it took off in a southward direction and passed the jets which were almost out of sight. Then I lost it.

[Signed]
PVT. RAY E. HAMPSHIRE
US 55 186 144

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS,
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR. 5200.10


- page 280 -

CSAF ITEM 2 /UNCLASSIFIED/

TO ATIAC-S PUPPET FM ATOIN-2CS FOURNET
FOLG CIRVIS MSG FM 155987 DTG 221852Z JULY

AFB IN 29857 FOR YOUR INFO:

"2520 NORTH 1640 10 W.
PFD AND GREEN PLACE FROM WATER. THIS
A/C MADE 180 DEG TURN AND FIRED A
PFD AND GREEN FLARE. MADE ANOTHER
180 DEG TURN NFG RESULTS. 9150 FT
-1031 LZ SCATTERED CLOUDS. SGD KENNEDY."

FIRST PORTION APPEARS GARBLED. DO NOT KNOW
WHAT 155387 SIGNIFIES. ASSUME ORIGIN OF
SIGHTING WAS WATER-BORNE. WILL ADVISE IF
CLARIFYING INFO PFCD.

END OF CSAF ITEM 2 /UNCLASSIFIED/


- page 281 -

UNCLASSIFIED

STATEMENT OF PFC Martinelli

We happened to be looking at jet planes and accidentally seen a white disc in the air about 20,000 feet. The disc seem to be still then when at a terrific speed towards the south. We then took the speed of the disc compare with the jets and it seem to be that the disc was going about 3 times faster than the jets. We then reported it to Mr. Miers. Mr. Miers then asked us questions about it, he then told some of us men to go back and see if we could see any more of them. I then came back and got a polaroid from one of the PFCs. I kept looking for one about ten minutes and then seen one come from the north going towards the south. The disc seem to be going at a terrific speed much greater than a jet plane. This happened at 1007.

PFC Regina D. Martinelli
PFC MARTINELLI

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR. 5200.10


- page 282 -

UNCLASSIFIED

STATEMENT OF: Pvt Carroll H. Bush Jr.                                                1 July 1952

While watching airplanes maneuvering I noticed an object almost directly overhead. At first I thought it was a star and I called it to the attention of my classmates as such. They also saw it and then I noticed that it appeared to be a highly polished metallic object reflecting light. It appeared to be round but I could not determine whether it was flat or spherical. While watching this my eye was attracted by a moving circular object of approximately the same size and altitude. It did not appear as bright as the first object. It appeared to be moving at approximately the speed of a jet plane but I noticed it was constantly accelerating and continued to accelerate as it moved off toward the South. The most striking thing was that it appeared to be accelerating until it disappeared at an angle of approx. 30° above the horizon. As for an estimation of speed I would say it was going 5 times as fast as a jet plane when it disappeared. This took place at 0840 hours. Two of my classmates also saw it. The rest of the boys were watching the stationary object so it was not the same one. I am also certain it was not an airplane because of its acceleration and speed. I also noticed that it left no vapor trail which I believe was due to the fact that it was above the jet planes and the water vapor in the atmosphere.

UNCLASSIFIED

[Signature] Carroll H. Bush Jr.
PVT CARROLL H. BUSH JR.
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5260.10


- page 283 -

STATEMENT OF: Donald R. Hartlauer

I was inside our assigned radar van listening to the comments of some of the other students who were outside watching jet planes in the sky. When Bush commented that he could see a star shining overhead. This aroused my curiosity to go out and see it. As we watched this gleaming object we perceived a slight southeasterly movement of it. I took my eyes off it for a moment and looked again as Bush said that it's taking off. It was no longer where I had previously seen it and I was unable to pick it up again visually as Bush traced it's rapid path southwest to the horizon.

Approximately 13 minutes later we estimated the time that we'd first seen the object to be 8:40 by my watch.

I continued watching the sky for other objects and it was at 9:07.5 that I spotted another identical-looking object moving swiftly from the time I'd first spotted it to the South. This one was perhaps a little lower than the first. I traced it from approximately overhead nearly to the horizon created by a near-by building, with a rolled-up sheet of paper to be better able to see it. Before it reached this horizon it was indistectable to my eyes.

Estimation of altitude or speed is too difficult to judge without an idea of the size of the objects.

This second object appeared to wobble very gracefully at the same time it sped forward - similar to a paper plate in a strong wind, though I could detect no spinning movement. The wobbling effect was manifest by the shining surface. It would become darker on one side and then the other. Once in light would shift to other side.

At 9:15, by my watch, I followed a third similar shining object which followed the same general, or possibly identical path, southward as

UNCLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 284 -

UNCLASSIFIED

STATEMENT OF: PVT. DONALD R. HARTLAUER (Cont'd)

the first two. It went about the same speed and must have been at the same altitude because I lost it at the same position in relation to the horizon, thru my piece of rolled paper.

Donald R. Hartlauer
PVT. DONALD R. HARTLAUER

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10


- page 285 -

UNCLASSIFIED

STATEMENT OF: Electro Madalin

At approximately 1007 I saw a white or silver object in the air which appeared to be a round ball which soon disappeared. Then about 30 seconds later I saw the same object. This time I kept my eyes on it to follow its direction. It was traveling south. It seemed to gain a little altitude and then it began to travel at a terrifically high speed in the direction of south. It traveled faster than anything I ever saw.

It's approximate height or speed I cannot determine because I did not know the size of it. All I know is that it was definitely round and shiny. At whatever height it was, it disappeared faster than any jet that I have seen fly at low altitudes.

[Signed]
PVT. ELECTRO MADALIN

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10


- page 286 -

UNCLASSIFIED

STATEMENT OF: Pvt. David M. Hall                                                1 July 1952

From an MPG antenna tower I saw what at first appeared to be a silver ball hanging in space directly above my head. It seemed to be higher than jet planes that were flying around them. The object hovered there apparently motionless for about a minute then moved sharply to the right (south), appearing to revolve, then darted north, too fast for my eye to follow, then just disappeared as if it elevated out of sight.

[Signed]
PVT. DAVID M. HALL

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR. 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 287 -

UNCLASSIFIED

STATEMENT OF: PVT. ARTHUR M. DARBIE

1 July 52
1010

While observing unusual jet vapor trails with other radar students

I heard one remark, "Look at the star." Unwilling to believe that he
(Pvt Bush) could see a star in the sky during broad daylight, (cloudless
blue sky), I had Pvt. Bush direct me until I could see the object also,
which indeed did closely approximate the luminous qualities of a star.

At first it seemed motionless, but when I placed my head in a fixed
position and lined up the object with the top of the radar van, I could
detect a slight movement of the object within what appeared to be a small
area. I could not determine whether the object was merely one, or perhaps of several smaller objects. This inability was due to the minuteness of the object (or objects) and its reflective quality. Suddenly the
object moved from its relatively stationary position, directly overhead,
and moving very rapidly disappeared to the south.

I have very little experience estimating aircraft speed or
altitude. I can only say that the object moved much more quickly than
the jets and I would estimate its altitude to be in excess of two miles.

[Signature]
PVT. ARTHUR M. DARBIE
US 52 091 493

Time of observance 0840 hours, 1 July 52

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS,
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 288 -

STATEMENT OF: Pvt J. Gacek                                UNCLASSIFIED

While searching for targets on our 584 we picked up several moving targets almost directly overhead - Range 10,000 - 15,000 yds and shifting about in azimuth time was about 0930 hrs.

Several minutes later we picked up and tracked a similar target slightly north and east of our location at between 29,000 and 30,000 yds - not moving considerably in Az. or El.

[Signed]
PVT J. GACEK

DOWNGRADED AT 6 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 289 -

STATEMENT OF: Pvt. Leonard Frantzlau

July 1, 1952

Tuesday
Weather Clear
Between 1005 & 1009 AM

I sighted a high-flying object the size of a golf ball traveling south at a very fast rate. I then lost sight of the object as it gained distance and was lost from view. When it changed course and to S.W. became lost behind buildings.

[Signed]
PVT. LEONARD FRANTZLAU

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 290 -

STATEMENT OF G. D. SMITH

UNCLASSIFIED

While working on the MPO my crew noticed several planes laying vapor trails or smoke screens. While trying to discern which of the two it was, smoke screens or vapor from engines, one of the fellows said "Look at the star." So looking directly overhead I saw what appeared to be a large star. By sighting along a fixed object I determined that it was moving slightly perhaps to the west or south west.

As I watched it intently for approximately 5 minutes it progressed at the same slow rate of speed, then as I watched it seemed to revolve or wobble so that I lost sight completely, still not having moved hardly at all.

I did not witness the object which moved out as rapidly as was witnessed by most of the class - there must have been two of them near the same azimuth.

[Signed]
Mr. G. D. Smith

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS.
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 291 -

OPERATIONAL IMMEDIATE

ACTION

THESE OBJECTS WERE OBSERVED BY GROUND OBSERVER CORPS PERSONNEL AT PORT MONMOUTH, NEW JERSEY ON TWELVE STUDENTS AT THE SCHOOL OBSERVED UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS VIA VISUALLY AND BY RADAR GUN FOR A PERIOD OF ONE HOUR OCCURRING AT 1250 ON 1 JULY 1952. THESE OBJECTS WERE AT EXTREMELY HIGH ALTITUDES PACED ESTIMATED TO BE BETWEEN 27,000 AND 29,000 YARDS PACED TRAVELING AT EXTREMELY HIGH SPEEDS FROM EAST TO WEST. JETS WERE IN THE AREA AT THE SAME TIME BUT THE OBJECTS WERE AT A MUCH HIGHER ALTITUDE. THE RADAR COULD NOT DETERMINE HEIGHT OR SPEED. THE NUMBER OF THE OBJECTS WAS NOT DETERMINED.


- page 292 -

UNCLASSIFIED

STATEMENT OF: Private Frederic A. Firumian

On July first 1952, I was working with an AN/MPG-1 Radar set, in the Radar Area at Fort Monmouth, New Jersey.

At approximately 8:40 A.M. I stepped out of the set (trailer) to go up the tower. As I looked up I saw planes maneuvering overhead, there were at least 8 of them, high enough to leave vapor trails, planes at such altitude always attracted my attention as I was trying to figure out what they were doing. After a moments observation, I resumed climbing the tower. When I reached the tower a friend of mine was already there looking to the sky, many more down on the ground were beginning to get interested. It is then that I saw a skinny object high in the air, when I detected the above mentioned it was definitely but slowly swaying from right to left, for about 2 or 3 seconds, as I took my eyes off it I lost sight of it. My friend still had his eyes on it, I asked him to point it to me, using the edges of the antenna as a gun sight method, he did, and immediately I saw it. It was then in my opinion at a possible standstill. I am sure of that fact because I still was sighting it with the antenna, which was also still. After at least one (1) minute, this object started moving, slowly but smoothly, there was no jerks about it. I looked at it amazed, as I couldn't understand how a thing in a standstill position could start moving, at first I had thought, it might have been a balloon. This motion forward, in a direction from North to South, increased in speed till it reached an incredible velocity, I followed it as long as I could, but then lost it in the sky. The trajectory had a very slight curve to it. The sky was very clear, without any clouds.

One of the facts that made me positive this thing was unusual, is that as it started accelerating its path cross at a extremely slight

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 293 -

UNCLASSIFIED

STATEMENT OF: Private Frederic A. Pirainian (Cont'd)

angle that of a plane, which gave the impression that they were flying in the same direction. I would say that plane was going very fast, but this object's acceleration was tremendous, it made the plane seem to stand still.

To the best of my ability, I would describe it as being round in shape, clean looking, and shiny it stood very neat in the sky. There was no blurred edges about it, or anything in my line of sight.

The two outstanding features of this experience, were:

1. the wobbling motion, and standstill of the object.

2. the acceleration, I fortunately had the presence of the antenna edge, and the plane to compare it with.

I am also sure it was maneuvering at a higher altitude than that of the planes.

[Signature] Frederic A. Pirainian
PRIVATE FREDERIC A. PIAONIAN
Pvt. F. A. Pirainian

July 1, 1952
10:30 AM
Ft. Monmouth, New Jersey

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 294 -

Here is the text from the document:

2 JUL 52 12 20'

ACTION

FROM CLN AFOIN 3514 MR. MIER CHA A RADAR INSTRUCTOR IN THE RADAR SCHOOL AT FORT MONMOUTH CHA NEW JERSEY CHA AND TWELVE STUDENTS AT THE SCHOOL OBSERVED UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS CHA VISUALLY AND BY RADAR CHA FOR A PERIOD OF ONE HOUR COMMENCING AT 0530 CHA 1 JULY 1952. THESE OBJECTS WERE AT EXTREMELY HIGH ALTITUDES PAREN ESTIMATED TO BE BETWEEN 27,000 AND 25,000 YARDS PAREN TRAVELING AT EXTREMELY HIGH SPEEDS FROM EAST TO WEST. JETS WERE IN THE AREA AT THE SAME TIME, BUT THE OBJECTS WERE AT A MUCH HIGHER ALTITUDE. THE RADAR COULD NOT DETERMINE HEIGHT OR SPEED. THE NUMBER OF THE OBJECTS WAS NOT DETERMINED.

At the bottom of the document, there is a stamp that reads:
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS


- page 295 -

A SECOND VISUAL AND RADAR OBSERVATION WAS MADE AT 1530 BY MR. MIER AND SIXTY OTHER INDIVIDUALS. VISUAL OBSERVATION WAS MADE WITH A POWER TELESCOPE MR. MIER ESTIMATED THE SPEED TO BE AT LEAST 1500 MILES PER HOUR BUT COULD NOT ESTIMATE THE ALTITUDE.

HE WAS CERTAIN THAT THE OBJECTS WERE PROPELLED AND THAT THEY WERE NOT PILOTLESS-BEING MOVED BY THE WIND. THE OBJECTS WERE IN FORMATION ABOUT ONE MILE ACROSS. THEIR ROTATION PASSED OVER EVERY FIVE TO EIGHT MINUTES CMA APPEARED TO MANEUVER AND THEN DISPERSE. THE NUMBER OF GROUPS WAS NOT DETERMINED. THE OBSERVATIONS WERE CONTINUING AT 1745 HOURS. C-2 FIRST ARMY DID NOT HAVE PERSONAL KNOWLEDGE OF MR. MIER'S BACKGROUND BUT DUE TO HIS BEING A RADAR INSTRUCTOR-HE FELT THAT A C-5 EVALUATION WAS WARRANTED. THE SIZE OR SHAPE OF THE OBJECTS COULD NOT BE DETERMINED AND THE OBSERVER DID NOT KNOW WHETHER THEY WERE WINGED OR NOT. MR. MIER OBSERVED SIMILAR OBJECTS LAST FALL, BUT WAS UNABLE TO DETERMINE ANY DETAILS AT THAT TIME. HE STATED THAT SOMEONE FROM WASHINGTON HAD TALKED TO HIM ABOUT THOSE OBSERVATIONS. NO OTHER INSTALLATIONS REPORTED THESE OBJECTS AND C-2 FIRST ARMY HAD CONTACTED EADF 75 506 HAD NO REPORTS. FURTHER INFORMATION WILL BE FORWARDED WHEN RECEIVED

02/20382 JUL JEPHO

Cg-1


- page 296 -

A SECOND VISUAL AND RADAR OBSERVATION WAS MADE AT 1500 BY MR. MIER AND SIXTY OTHER INDIVIDUALS. VISUAL OBSERVATION WAS MADE WITH A POWER TELESCOPE. MR. MIER ESTIMATED THE SPEED TO BE AT LEAST 1500 MILES PER HOUR BUT COULD NOT ESTIMATE THE ALTITUDE.

HE WAS CERTAIN THAT THE OBJECTS WERE PROPELLED AND THAT THEY WERE NOT FALLING BEING MOVED BY THE WIND. THE OBJECTS WERE IN FORMATION MORE THAN THREE. THESE FORMATION PASSED OVER EVERY FIVE TO EIGHT MINUTES AND APPEARED TO MANEUVER AND THEN DISPERSE. THE NUMBER OF GROUPS WAS NOT DETERMINED. THE OBSERVATIONS WERE CONTINUING AT 1700 HOURS. G-2 FIRST ARMY DID NOT HAVE PERSONAL KNOWLEDGE OF MR. MIER'S BACKGROUND BUT DUE TO HIS BEING A RADAR INSTRUCTOR-HE FELT THAT A G-3 EVALUATION WAS WARRANTED. THE SIZE OR SHAPE OF THE OBJECTS COULD NOT BE DETERMINED AND THE OBSERVER DID NOT KNOW WHETHER THEY WERE WINGED OR NOT. MR. MIER OBSERVED SIMILAR OBJECTS LAST FALL BUT WAS UNABLE TO DETERMINE ANY DETAILS AT THAT TIME. HE STATED THAT SOMEONE FROM WASHINGTON HAD TALKED TO HIM ABOUT THESE OBSERVATIONS. NO OTHER INSTALLATION REPORTED THESE OBJECTS AND G-2 FIRST ARMY HAD CONTACTED EADF 75 506 HAD NO REPORT. FURTHER INFORMATION WILL BE FORWARDED WHEN RECEIVED

22/0238Z JUL JEPHO

Cy-1


- page 297 -

HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY
Office of the Assistant Chief of Staff, G2
Governors Island, New York 4, N. Y.

UNCLASSIFIED

AHFKB-PO                                                                11 July 1952

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft

TO:   Commanding General
      Eastern Air Defense Force
      Stewart Air Force Base
      Newburgh, New York

The attached Summary of Information from Fort Monmouth, dated 2 July 1952, subject: "Unconventional Aircraft," is forwarded for your information and any action deemed necessary by your offices.

[Signature]
MERRILL G. JOHNSON
Colonel, GS
Assistant Chief of Staff, G2

1 Incl.
Summary of Info,
dtd 2 Jul 52

[Received stamp]

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DUE ON 28.04.19


- page 298 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112—PART I
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

UNCLASSIFIED

TR-29-528

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Directing Inclosures

Base BARDS, Stewart AFB, Memphis, Tenn.

Date of Report 30 Jun 52    Date of Information    Date of Evaluation See Inclosures

Prepared By (Officer) Walter Peter E. Venable

References (other reports, messages, previous report, etc., or explanation)

SUMMARY: (Enter concise summary of report. Other information to be placed in final enclosure paragraph. List locations as shown. Begin here or top of report, AF Form 112—Part I)

Following Inclosures submitted in accordance with paragraph 7c (3) AF 200-5, and Chapter V, Section 2, DO 101:

1. FINDLAY - 4c New England Subarea
2. VINCENT - 4c 14th Army Area

[Signature of Major USAF, Asst Combat Intel Officer]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 299 -

WD-AGO Form 568
Preparing Office: ACofS, G2, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey

Subject: Unconventional Aircraft

MEIER stated that these 12 unconventional aircraft displayed great maneuverability, excessive high speeds and the same characteristics as the two objects reported earlier on that date.

At approximately 1523 hours on 1 July 1952, Agent de BAUN contacted Mr. KILPATRICK and reported this latest incident. Mr. KILPATRICK questioned the reported altitude and requested agent de BAUN to verify the information with Mr. MEIER. He further requested Agent de BAUN to contact Col. PIPER.

Agent de BAUN recontacted MEIER and was reassured by him that the estimated altitude of these unconventional aircraft was from 50 to 50 thousand yards. Agent de BAUN then contacted Col. PIPER and was advised by him that the Air Force would immediately investigate the reported presence of these unconventional aircraft in the vicinity of Fort Monmouth.

AGENT's NOTE: During the period covered by this report, the weather was clear, visibility excellent, with an exceedingly high ceiling with few visible clouds.

A TRUE COPY:

PETER B VENABLE
Major, USAF
Asst Chief Combat Intelligence

Page 2 of 2 Pages

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

10395

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 300 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART 1
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT NO.
129-525

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

COUNTRY
USA

AREA REPORTED ON
See Inclosures

DATE OF REPORT
See Inclosures

PREPARED BY (Officer)
Major Peter B. Venable

FROM (Name)
FADF, Stewart ATC, Newburgh, N.Y.

DATE OF INFORMATION
See Inclosures

SOURCE
See Inclosures

SUMMARY: (Under each number of report, give significance to final conclusions paragraph. List activities or lines of inquiry. Begin list on AF Form 112-Part I(2))

Following inclosures submitted in accordance with paragraph
7c (a), AFR 200-5, and Chapter V, section 2, b, AGI:

1. VINOBPT - for New England Subarea
2. FINOBPT - for 1st Army Area

[Signature]
PETER B. VENABLE
Major, USAF
Asst Combat Intel Officer

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

[Bottom of document contains standard disclaimer about document containing information affecting national defense]


- page 301 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with significant degradation and low contrast, making much of the text difficult to read. Some parts of the text are legible, but large portions are blurred or faded. 

Partially legible names in a list include:
Pvt Carroll R. Bush
Pvt Gordon R. Smith

Some sections have paragraphs that are partially readable, but most text is too obscured to confidently transcribe without risking inaccuracy. The document seems to be an official military or government report, likely from the 1950s based on the filename and document style.

The overall image quality is poor, with dark edges, significant noise, and low resolution that makes comprehensive OCR challenging.


- page 302 -

A SECOND VISUAL AND RADAR OBSERVATION WAS MADE AT 1627.

NO OTHER INDIVIDUALS. VISUAL OBSERVATION WAS MADE THROUGH A 12 POWER TELESCOPE. HE ESTIMATED THE SPEED TO BE AT LEAST 2000 MILES PER HOUR BUT COULD NOT ESTIMATE THE ALTITUDE.

HE WAS CERTAIN THAT THE OBJECTS WERE PROPELLED AND THAT THEY WERE NOT BALLOONS BEING MOVED BY THE WIND. THE OBJECTS APPEARED TO BE IN FORMATION OF NOT MORE THAN THREE. THESE FORMATIONS PASSED OVER EVERY FIVE TO EIGHT MINUTES CPA APPEARED TO VANQUISH AND THEN DISPERSE. THE NATURE OF GROUP WAS NOT DETERMINED. THE OBSERVATION WERE CORRELATED AT 2700 MILES. ANALYST MAY OR MAY NOT HAVE PERSONAL KNOWLEDGE OF THE INCIDENT.

DUE TO HIS BEING A RADAR INSTRUCTOR HE FELT THAT A CPA EVALUATION WAS WARRANTED. THE SIZE OF THE OBJECTS COULD NOT BE DETERMINED AND THE OBSERVER COULD NOT DETERMINE WHETHER THEY WERE DISCS OR NOT.

SIMILAR OBJECTS LAST FALL BUT WAS UNABLE TO DETERMINE ANY DETAILS AT THE TIME. HE STATED THAT COVERAGE FROM WASHINGTON AND LINKED TO HIS ABOUT THOSE OBSERVATIONS AT OTHER INSTALLATIONS INDICATED THESE OBJECTS AND G-2 THAT MAY HAS CONTACTED SOME TO DO HIS RECORDS. FURTHER INFORMATION WILL BE FORWARDED WHEN RECEIVED.

29/CASE JUL JEPRO


- page 303 -

The document appears to be a tabular list with multiple columns. Most of the text is difficult to read due to poor image quality and scanning artifacts. The bottom of the page has a stamp or marking that says "UNCLASSIFIED" and there appears to be some partially legible text at the bottom of the page, but the specific details are not clear enough to transcribe accurately. The majority of the page consists of rows of text that seem to be a list or catalog of some kind, with what looks like alphanumeric codes or identifiers in the first column and additional text in subsequent columns.


- page 304 -

AFTERNOON SIGHTING.

MANY BUGS WERE OBSERVED
FLYING OUT OF THE SUN. THESE
BUGS APPEARED ROUND AND REFLECTED
THE SUNLIGHT.

IT IS POSSIBLE THAT THESE
BUGS AT A DISTANCE MAY HAVE BEEN
MISTAKEN FOR UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL
PHENOMENA.


- page 305 -

PROJECT 10073 WEATHER DATA SHEET

1. DATE OF OBSERVATION
2. TIME OF OBSERVATION
3. STATION OBSERVING

4. WINDS ALOFT:
   ALTITUDE       VELOCITY       DIRECTION
   (Geo)          (knots)        (degrees)

   0
   1,000
   2,000
   3,000
   4,000
   5,000
   6,000
   7,000
   8,000
   9,000
   10,000
   12,000
   14,000
   16,000
   18,000
   20,000

   ALTITUDE       VELOCITY       DIRECTION
   (Feet)         (knots)        (degrees)

   25,000
   30,000
   35,000
   40,000
   45,000
   50,000
   55,000
   60,000
   65,000
   70,000
   75,000
   80,000
   85,000
   90,000
   95,000
   100,000

5. WAS AN INVERSION LAYER NOTED?
   (If yes, at what altitude?)         □Yes   □No

6. WERE ANY THUNDERSTORMS NOTED IN AREA?
   (If yes, at what quadrant?)          □Yes   □No

7. CLOUD COVER:
   _____ tenths at _____ feet.   _____ tenths at _____ feet.

8. VISIBILITY WAS _____ MILES.

9. COMMENTS:

At bottom: ATIC Test Form 333 (13 Aug 52)


- page 306 -

SMITH, GORDON D.         STU CO. 8
HARTLAUER, DONALD R.    STU CO. 15
RIDINGER, RICHARD E.    STU CO. 18
RADALIE, ELLIOTT         STU CO. 18
HAMPSHIRE, RAY           STU CO. 17
EUGENE ROBERT MARTINELLI STU CO. 17
LEONARD FRANZ BLAY       STU CO. 7

P8. Object was apparently made of metal capable of tremendous acceleration and speed.


- page 307 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Pl, at 0240 on the morning of 1 July 52 at observed an object shortly on chart and pointed it out to my fellow students. They saw it also. Then I noticed another object moving from about directly overhead in a southerly direction. I pointed this out & others saw it. When at first saw it, it was moving at the speed of a jet plane but was constantly accelerating until when it faded from sight, it stood 25° above horizon, it was going about 5 times as fast as a jet plane. Weather was perfect, clear, no clouds. Unlimited visibility with a haze coming out of the East.

The object moved in a straight line and was accelerating at a constant rate.

22. NAME:    CARROLL HERMAN BUSH JR.
23. PRESENT ADDRESS:   17th STREET CO. ST. MONMOUTH, NJ.
24. OCCUPATION:   RADAR REPAIR STUDENT
25. RADAR DIVISION, SIGNAL CORPS
26. STILL ATTENDING
27. NAMES & ADDRESSES


- page 308 -

Here is the text from the document:

PART 2

14. (Cont'd)   D. BLEND IN BACKGROUND   YES

    E. DECREASE IN SIZE   SLIGHTLY LOBE TAMMINO ARC

    F. DECREASE IN BRIGHTNESS   YES - DUE TO INCREASING DIST.

    G. MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING   NO

    H. OTHER

15. WHEN I FIRST LOOKED AT OBJECT I WAS FACING   STRAIGHT UP

16. WHEN I LAST SAW THE OBJECT   SOUTH

17. [Two sketches labeled A and B showing horizon and object positions]

19. [Sketch C]

20. THE SUN + MOON APPEAR IN RELATIVE SIZE

[The document also includes simple sketches of the sun, moon, and an object, along with compass/directional markings]


- page 309 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE OF OBSERVATION                   1 JULY 52
2. DATE I REPORTED OBSERVATION           1 JULY 52
3. TIME OBJECT WAS SIGHTED               0890 EASTERN DST
4. LENGTH OF TIME OBJECT WAS OBSERVED    APPROX 5 MINUTES
5. WHERE OBSERVED                        FORT MONMOUTH, NEW JERSEY USA
6. WHERE WERE YOU AT TIME OF OBSERVATION OUTDOORS
7. WERE YOU MOVING AT ANY TIME DURING OBSERVATION NO
8. DID YOU STOP                          ""
9. IF YOU WERE MOVING...                 I WAS NOT
10. HOW WAS OBJECT OBSERVED               NAKED EYE
11. HOW DID YOU HAPPEN TO NOTICE OBJECT   WAS WATCHING AIRPLANES SO WAS OBSERVING SKY
12. DESCRIPTION:
    A. SOUND - NONE                      B. SHAPE - CIRCULAR
    C. COLOR - PINKISH-METAL             D. SIZE APPEARS 1/4"
    E. NUMBER TWO (2)                    F. LIGHT ORIGINAL MIRROR IN THE SUN
    G. LIGHT COLOR BRIGHT METALLIC       H. MOTION STATIONARY - STRAIGHT LINE
    I. SPEED I STATIONARY - I APPROX 5 STRAIGHT LINE
13. HOW DID OBJECT DISAPPEAR              GRADUALLY
14. AT ANY TIME DID THE OBJECT            A. CHANGE DIRECTION NO
    B. CHANGE SPEED YES - CONSTANTLY ACCELERATING   C. MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING NO


- page 310 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. Date of your observation - 1 July 1952
2. Date you reported the observation - 1 July 52 0900
3. What time was it when you sighted the object 0930
   AM daylight zone eastern 1020
4. Length of time object was observed estimate - 2 hrs.
5. Where observed - Ft Monmouth New Jersey U.S.A.
6. Where were you at the time of observation - outside
7. If still moving at any time during this sighting - no
8. Did you stop at any time during this sighting - yes
9. If you were moving - wasn't moving
10. How was object observed - naked eye - and binoculars
11. How did you happen to notice object - by watching some jet planes
12. Describe what you saw as briefly as possible in the following space:
    a. sound - none
    b. shape - round
    c. color - white
    d. size - golf ball
    e. number - 2
    f. light brightness - bright
    g. light color - bright
    h. motion - back and forth/zigzagle
    i. speed - made twice faster than
    j. other - no open trails
13. How did the object disappear from view - gradually
14. At any time did this object - A. change direction - yes
    B. change speed - yes


- page 311 -

Here is the text from the document:

2.

c. more behind something - yes
a. group of jets
d. blind with background - no
e. decrease in size - yes
f. decrease in brightness - some
g. more in part of something - yes
h. other - few vapor trails were left
when then, as well behind this jet
and they appear to be twirl so
light as the jet.

15. When you first looked at the object, what direction were you
facing L up.

16. When you first saw the object, what direction were you facing
south.

17. In the following sketch a drawing from the observer's
eye to the vertical are to show the apparent elevation
of the object in the sky.

A. When first seen height "A"
B. When last seen height "B"

[A hand-drawn diagram with an arrow pointing to "South" is also present at the bottom of the page]


- page 312 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

3.

16. On the following sketch B, laid in apparent position of the object within first sun and B' at the point last seen. Trace the apparent path of the object between points A & B if possible. Add 1,2,3, etc. along the track path B toward the successive positions of the object after equal intervals of time during the sighting.

[A hand-drawn diagram of a semicircle with labels A and B is present]

19. The sketch C' please show the observed features of the object such as:
a. apparent shape - second
b. apparent direction of motion - south
c. other details - apparent - some trails more. Trails more surface - smooth.

20. The sun and moon are shown below as they appear in their correct relative angle. On this sketch "D" show the apparent size of what you saw.

[A diagram with three circles representing the sun, moon, and object is present]

21. In your own words please describe the supporting you observed. Use sketches if desired. All observations from...

[The last line is partially cut off]


- page 313 -

Date of observation: 1 July 1952
Date reported to filter center: 1 July 1952
Time first was sighted: 0340 AM Eastern
Length of time of observation: Estimated 4 mins
Where observed: Ft. Monroe, Va. 6:50
Were were you at time of sighting: At home
Have you seen a train of objects: No
Did you stop at any time of seeing the sky: Yes, remaining
If you were moving, give direction walked: Northeast moving
How was object of the sky: Marked very
Would you suffer from altitude: Several
Clouds were sticking at plane of sky chose when
a passing of your complete sky was yet turns
said it was a star and since, it was in the
of this sky was moving of vicinity to you with
the sky

Conditions:
A. what - angle of altitude
B. 
C. color - just several dim to sky in mass
D.
E.
F.


- page 314 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

the time of first sighting to the time of disappearance
are important. Include a description of the weather, wind,
and cloud conditions at the time of this sighting.

1. weather - very clear
2. wind - very very little
3. cloud conditions - none

While watching several jets and their vapor trails, a
motion was noted like a star or a greater altitude. By
watching it for a while it seemed to move back and forth. It went
over to the 50R 557 and told them to log and track the job.
While they were getting down on the T-scope they picked up their
object directly overhead. As they tracked them for a while
then when they started to move they lost them. Upon
leaving the area of sighting one of the objects at about the
same point as the jets. There was now of getting quick
movement in speed and height. Then it lost track of them.

22. name: Ray C. Hampshire
23. address - 117 Sts. Co. Ft. Monmouth
New Jersey

24. occupation - radar student
25. last contact attempted - radar school 2352
26. was last attended school - 1952


- page 315 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. Please list names of persons who say they observed this sighting with:
Carrol Black         17 stu cor
Cigene Martinelle    17 stu cor
Choate Nadelson      18 stu cor

28. Further comments which you believe are important should be entered here...

The page is numbered "5" at the top center of the document.


- page 316 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. Date of your observation: 4 July 1952
2. Date you Reported The observation: 4 July 1952
3. What Time was it when you sighted The object: 2:30 AM Standard
   A.M. (PM) Daylight Standard
   Zone: Eastern, Central Mountains, Pacific

4. Length of Time object was observed: Estimate 1 min
5. Where observed: Fort Monmouth, New Jersey USA
   Postal Address: City or Town: State: County:
6. Where were you AT Time of observation: Post Building
   In car (Outside)

7. Were you moving AT ANY Time During This sighting: No
8. Did you stop AT ANY Time during This sighting:
9. If you were moving Direction and Speed: miles per hour
10. How was object observed: Naked Eye
11. How did you happen To notice The object: We happened To
    be looking AT jet planes.

12. Describe WHAT you saw as briefly as possible in the
    following spaces:

    ⓪ Sound - No
    ⓒ Color - white
    ⓔ Number - 2
    ⓕ Light color - white
    ⓘ Speed - Estimate

    ⓑ Shape - round
    ⓓ Size - no idea can't estimate size
    ⓕ Light brightness - very bright
    ⓖ Motion - it moved still, never lost and move slow
    ⓗ Other:


- page 317 -

Here is the text from the document:

13. How did object disappear from view: suddenly or (gradually)

14. AT ANY TIME DID THE OBJECT: (A) change direction yes
                                   (B) change speed yes
                                   (C) Move behind something, clearly House, Tree, etc.
                                   (D) Blended with background-No-
                                   (E) Decrease in brightness No
                                   (F) Other No
                                   (G) Move in front of something No

15. When you first looked at the object, what direction were you facing
    South

16. When you last saw the object, what direction were you facing
    North

17. In the following sketch or drawing here from the observer's
    eye to the circular arc to show the apparent elevation
    of the object in the sky

    (A) When first seen, label as
    (B) Where last seen, label as

[The document also contains a simple hand-drawn diagram at the bottom with labels "Observer's Eye", "Horizon", and a line representing the arc of an object's path.]


- page 318 -

Here is the text from the document:

(1) Give the following details as best as time and opportunity permits of the object as seen. If possible color, size, movement, etc.

Sketch

Horizon

Observed

Horizon

(11) Describe sketch to place where observed or position of the object seen;

(a) Apparent shape (according to potential formation)
(b) Apparent direction of motion (like degrees) from
(c) Other details, which may help, such as, location, etc.

(c) Date, time and more are shown below. They appear in the correct relative size. In this is sketch by above appearance to place

Sun                 Sky                 Moon


- page 319 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

31. [first paragraph is partially legible but mostly difficult to read clearly]

21. Radar - Statement

25. Still going to school

26. 1952

27. Student, C. 237 Monmouth New Jersey
Long Branch NJ
Co. 13

Several lines are blacked out/redacted, making those sections unreadable. The handwritten text appears to be on a lined document page, and some words in the first paragraph are difficult to make out completely.


- page 320 -

TENTATIVE OBSERVER DATA SHEET

1. DATE OF OBSERVATION: July 1952
2. DATE YOU REPORTED OBSERVATION: July 1952
3. WHAT TIME WAS IT WHEN YOU SIGHTED THE OBJECT: 9 HOURS 30 MINUTES - DAYLIGHT SAVINGS TIME
4. LENGTH OF TIME OBJECT WAS SIGHTED: 30 SECONDS
5. WHERE OBSERVED: FORT MONMOUTH, N.J. - U.S.A.
6. WHERE YOU AT TIME OF OBSERVATION: IN SCR-584 RADIO VAN
7. WAS YOU MOVING WHEN TARGET WAS OBSERVED: NO
8. DID YOU STOP MOVING AT THE TIME OF OBSERVATION: NO
9. IF YOU WERE MOVING GIVE DIRECTION AND SPEED: -
10. HOW OBJECT WAS OBSERVED: RADAR RETURN (3 SCOPE)
11. HOW TARGET WAS HAPPENED TO BE NOTICED: THERE WAS A TERRIFIC ECHO RETURN, MAKING ANTENNA HUNT RAPIDLY (SET WAS FUNCTIONING PERFECTLY PREVIOUS)
12. SOUND: X
    COLOR: X
    NUMBER COULD NOT DETERMINE
    LIGHT COLOR: X
    SPEED - AT THE TIME IT SLOWED
    TO STAND STILL, THEN TAKE OFF
    SUDDENLY

    SHAPE: LARGE REFLECTING AREA
    SIZE: "
    LIGHT BRIGHTNESS: X
    MOTION: OSCILLATING
    OTHER: X


- page 321 -

Here is the text from the document:

13. THE OBJECT DISAPPEARED RAPIDLY FROM THE SCOPE

14. THE OBJECT SEEMED TO BE FLUCTUATING IN SPACE THEN TAKE OFF FROM RADAR SETS BEAM.

15. WHEN FIRST SEEN THE ANT. WAS POINTING SOUTH WEST AT EXTREMELY HIGH ELEVATION.

16. THE OBJECT WAS NO ANSWER BEING TRACKED BY SCR-584. THE ANTENNA WAS IN CONDITIONED EXPLAINED IN QUESTION 16.

17. CANNOT DETERMINE WITH ANY ACCURACY THIS QUESTION. IN THE FOLLOWING SKETCH DRAW PATH FROM THE CIRCULAR APPARENT EXECUTION IN THE SKY

[Sketch A showing object's path with "Observer's Eye" and "Horizon"]

18. ON THE FOLLOWING SKETCH B LOOKS B AT APPARENT POINT C WHERE LAST SEEN.

[Sketch B showing object's path with "Observer's Eye" and "Horizon"]

I SEEN THE OBJECT ON SCOPE IN APPROX. THE SAME SPOT FOR TIME OF COMPLETE OBSERVATION.

19. THE TARGET AS OBSERVED BY MY EYE ON SCR 584 "J" SCOPE.


- page 322 -

Here is the text from the document:

19-CONT.     2000 YP     SCOPE
             ECHO
             HDR

20  HAVE NO IDEA WHAT ACTUAL TARGET LOOKS LIKE. TRIED TO SEE WHAT WAS IN SKY, BUT EYES WERE TO SENSITIVE TO LOOK INTO A CLEAR SUNNY SKY;

21  ONLY THINGS OBSERVED WERE EXPRESSED FROM SKETCHED IN PREVIOUS QUESTIONS. MY ONLY REASON TO BELIEVE THAT I WAS TRACKING SOMETHING "ODD", IS THE FACT THAT MY ANTENNA WAS POINTING IN THE EXACT SPOT IN WHICH A PERSON HAD SPOTTED (VISUALLY) THE SO MAN TALKED - ABOUT OBJECTS.

22. [Blacked out]
23. 6 STU CO. HIGH TSU FORT MONMOUTH N.J.
24. STUDENT                 27 NAMES
25. HIGH SCHOOL
26. X
28.

There is also a small circular diagram in the top right of the page with labels "ECHO" and "HDR".


- page 323 -

TENTATIVE OBSERVERS DATA SHEET

1. Date of your observation: 1 July 1952
2. Date you reported the observation: 1 July 1952
3. What time was it when you saw the object?: 9:30-10:30
4. Location: Eastern

5. Length of time just over base at height of Congress
6. How observed: Through 7mm prism of Tasco binoculars
7. Exact location: SCR 584 No. 221

8. Were you watching anything before seeing this?

9. Did you stay along time watching, registering
   (was not moving)

10. How were first observed: SCATR-584
    Located by J. Acops             No. 221

11. How did you happen to be in position to see this?

12. Describe what you saw in length, giving details of shape, size, color, etc.

[Note: Some text is partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document]


- page 324 -

The text on this page is partially illegible. I can make out some fragments and lines, but many words are difficult to read clearly. At the top right of the page, there appears to be a blacked-out section. The page contains handwritten text with some diagrams at the bottom - two small semi-circular or arc-like shapes. Some words and phrases are discernible, but a complete transcription is not possible due to the poor image quality and handwriting.

The page appears to be from a document with numbered lines, but the specific content is not fully readable. The handwriting is cursive and somewhat faded, making precise OCR challenging.


- page 325 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

motion - would slowly in P2 El to a cg
either or gta suggested timely with some
though "I hanging at a considerable way
insert con

13. How did the official disappear - the first
physical we put out the other get the head
official service went in some more this con
and I serving a quick looking

14. At only him did it that if I then got a citation type
Bel or get read was most of what I will tell other are
d le U. will accept point - this was the
at it got will manually clearing in his or my of
slope I will can in light was - some to
in front of something H date - second 16

15. I can you first locate at two or three other
direct number you of being - the system
was of being the file was readily accept
SI was then go here to lets such a type

16. When you got some two or get a total clean
were you facing - by first degree the
internal org I'm facing directly as I was and
added can I typically doing of what was

Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty, so this transcription represents my best interpretation of the handwritten text.


- page 326 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(62)

19. In addition a phenomenon was recorded, colors
of the bright standard yellow green action more than
other details. It appeared to be a history of energy
so the more moving within a clear sky appeared
cannot settle say. In this sketch, moreover
also appears T. agility perhaps that you saw
Sun a bright
SKETCH D

20. In your own words, explain as best the sighting
you'll be proved, the sketches of phenomenon will
be convincing from the point of intelligence its
time, perhaps more or less important
In Carlos, describing the world letter, point
and crowd with letter, that the lens of this
sighting - it includes perhaps something of
them with the way they both moved such by
seemed to know let points. In other - last,
we will be clear to.

22. Raw log color & yes
23 15 Student to PT Mersman U.N.T.
4 (Student (class))


- page 327 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

17. on the following plotted. It seems here
from the plot. I am with this circular
arc method of a per cent of the along plot
subject in the sky. just as plot of

Suggested by per cent of plot.
DIRECTION OVERHEAD

HORIZON
FIRST OBJECT SECOND OBJECT

18. on the following plotted with R. on the station of point
position plotted has been of ist near of last night
cont. seen. These figures of plotting are given in
cont. to H.A. worked.

HORIZON
FIRST OBJECT SECOND OBJECT


- page 328 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

(C3)

25 th
26 1948
27
28 Shall we as human made in the
sleep of the island set see S.W. No 321

Note: There are several lines that are blacked out/redacted in the middle of the document, making those sections unreadable.


- page 329 -

FLYING SAUCERS

1. DATE OF OBSERVATION: 1 JULY 1952

2. DATE I REPORTED OBSERVATION: JULY 1952

3. TIME OBJECT WAS SIGHTED: 0840 EASTERN DAYLIGHT.

4. LENGTH OF TIME OBJECT WAS OBSERVED: APPROX. 5 MIN.

5. WHERE OBSERVED: PORT MONMOUTH - NEW JERSEY - USA.

6. MY LOCATION DURING OBSERVATION: OUTDOORS - ON U.S. LINE.

7. WAS I ALONE: NO, I PICKED AT THE DIKES OBSERVATION: NO.

8. NOTHING TO QUESTION IT.

9. I WAS NOT MOVING DURING OBSERVATION.

10. I OBSERVED OBJECT WITH: THE NAKED EYE.

11. OBJECT WAS BROUGHT TO MY ATTENTION BY A FELLOW STUDENT.

12. A SOUND - NONE
    B COLOR - METALLIC
    C ALTITUDE - ONE
    D SPEED - SLOW(MILES/HR)
    E SPEED - SLOW
    F COURSE - PLAIN

13. E SHAPE - ROUND
    F SIZE - SLIGHTLY LARGER THAN STAR
    G LIGHT BRIGHTNESS - BRIGHT
    H MOTION - SLIGHTLY SOUTH-WEST
    I OTHER - REVOLVED-TILTED-APPEARED

14. OBJECT DISAPPEARED: SUDDENLY OR GRADUALLY

15. AT WHAT TIME DID OBJECT:
    A CHANGE DIRECTION: NO
    B CHANGE SPEED: NO
    C STOP BEHIND SOMETHING: NO
    D BLEND WITH BACKGROUND: YES (REASON FOR DISAPPEARING)
    E DECREASE IN SIZE: NO
    F DECREASE IN BRIGHTNESS: YES, UPON DISAPPEARING
    G MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING: NO
    H WHEN I FIRST LOOKED AT THE OBJECT I WAS FACING EXACTLY STRAIGHT UP
    I WHEN I LAST SAW THE OBJECT I WAS FACING STRAIGHT UP.


- page 330 -

CONT'D (...)

SKETCH

17. ANGLE OF ELEVATION IS:
A - FIRST SEEN: Approx 90°
B - LAST SEEN: Slightly Less Than 90°

18. ON THE FOLLOWING SKETCH & CIRCLE Q AT APPARENT POSITION OF THE OBJECT WHAT FIRST SEEN AND 2. AT POINT LAST SEEN. TRACE APPARENT PATH OF THE OBJECT BETWEEN POINT A & B IF POSSIBLE ALONG 1,2,3 ETC. ALONG THE TRACED PATH TO SHOW THE SUCCESSIVE POSITIONS OF OBJECT WITH BRIEF INTERVAL OF TIME DURING THE SIGHTING.

SKETCH B
(Diagram of a semicircle with horizon line)

19. IN SKETCH C:
B. APPARENT SHAPE - N
E. APPARENT DIRECTION - W O E
Z. OTHER - S


- page 331 -

Here is the text from the document:

CONT'D

THE SUN AND MOON WERE SEEN IN THE PLATING SITE BEING
IN SKETCH D SHOWN APPARENT SIZE OF OBJECT BESIDE.

SIGN         MOON         OBJECT.

DETECT CLOSELY RESEMBLED A STAR - BUT COULD BE
DISTINGUISHED FROM A STAR BY BEING SLIGHTLY LARGER THAN
EVEN THE LARGEST APPEARING STARS SEEN WITH THE NAKED EYE.
OBJECT HAD METALLIC GLINT WHICH RESEMBLED ALUMINUM
NOT HIGHLY POLISHED - THIS ALSO DISTINGUISHED IT FROM
A STAR.

I WATCHED FOR APPROXIMATELY 5 MINUTES - HAVING ALREADY
THE OBJECT WITH A FIXED OBJECT CAREFULLY RANGE AND TO
DETERMINE MOVEMENT WHICH WAS PROVED TO BE SLIGHT BUT
CONSTANT.

SUDDENLY IT FLICKERED, FLUTTERED, OR WIGGLED AND
BLENDED IN WITH SKY SO THAT I COULD NOT SEE IT.

SKY WAS PERFECTLY CLEAR - SLIGHT TOPOGRAPHICAL CURRENTS.

37TH STU. CO.
FT. MONMOUTH, N.J.


- page 332 -

Here is the text from the document:

4 CONT'D

OCCUPATION: STUDENT AT RADAR DIVISION.

LAST SCHOOL ATTENDED: RADAR DIVISION.

YEAR OF LAST ATTENDANCE AT THIS SCHOOL - 1950

NAMES OF PERSONS I DISCUSSED THIS WITH ARE
THESE RECORDS IN CLASS OF

FURTHER COMMENTS - NONE.


- page 333 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

1. Date of observation -
2. Date & time
3. [partially illegible text]
4. [partially illegible text]
5. [partially illegible text]
6. How many you at time of [partially illegible]
7. What you were doing at time of
8. [partially illegible text]
9. [partially illegible text]
10. After an object was moving
11. Then did you see object - [partially illegible]

Some words and phrases are difficult to read clearly due to the faded and handwritten nature of the document. The text appears to be a form or questionnaire about an observation, likely related to a UFO sighting.

The bottom of the page has "(over)" written, indicating there is additional information on the reverse side.


- page 334 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Note: Some words are partially illegible due to handwriting quality.

Top of page has a circled number "3"

First line appears to start with "Sight."

The rest of the text is handwritten and partially difficult to read. While I can make out some words and fragments, providing a complete verbatim transcription would require guessing at unclear sections. The document appears to be a handwritten report or notes with numbered lines, but the full content is not clearly legible.


- page 335 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

3.

[First paragraph is partially illegible]

[A semi-circular diagram is drawn]

SKY & G

A. Officer's hill - distance of visible road
B. 
C. Hill details (color, hills, trees, etc.)

SW

SKETCH G

[Last paragraph is partially illegible]

At the bottom of the page are three circles labeled:
SUN     MOON     PLANET
SKETCH 2

Some words are difficult to read clearly, so I've noted where text appears to be illegible or partially obscured.


- page 336 -

The text on this page is partially illegible due to handwriting and image quality. Here's what I can discern:

Top left of page: A circled number "3"

First paragraph: Mostly illegible, with only fragments of words visible

There are two hand-drawn diagrams/sketches on the page:
- One near the top right of the page, appears to be a partial arc or angle with dashed lines
- Another near the bottom, also appears to be a partial diagram with dashed lines

Bottom paragraph: Also mostly illegible, with only fragments of words visible

Some individual words or partial words are visible, but not enough to construct full sentences with confidence.


- page 337 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[First line partially illegible]

[Several lines in the first paragraph are difficult to read clearly]

[In the middle of the page are three circles: two small "O" symbols and one larger "O"]

The bottom half of the page contains handwritten text, but much of it is difficult to read with complete certainty. Some words and phrases are visible, but not enough to confidently transcribe a full paragraph.

The document appears to be a handwritten report or note, with some text being quite illegible due to the image quality and handwriting style.


- page 338 -

The text on this page is largely illegible. There are some partially visible words and numbers, but most of the text is obscured by black redaction marks. The visible text includes fragments like:

5.
17. 
173?
17.

Some handwritten text is visible at the top and sides of the document, but it is too faint and blurry to confidently transcribe. The document appears to be a form or report with multiple lines, most of which are completely blacked out.


- page 339 -

Here is the text from the document:

1 DATE OF OBSERVATION: 1 JULY 1952
2 DATE YOU REPORTED THE OBSERVATION: 1 JULY 1952
3 WHAT WAS THE TIME WHEN YOU SIGHTED (A) 10:07 AM
                                      (B) 2135 PM
                                      EASTERN DAYLIGHT
                                      TIME.
4 LENGTH OF TIME OBJECT WAS OBSERVED
   ESTIMATE OBJECT (A) 45 SECONDS
             (B) 10 MINUTES
5 WHERE OBSERVED: FORT MONMOUTH NEW JERSEY USA
6 WHERE WERE YOU AT TIME OF OBSERVATION: OUT DOORS
7 WERE YOU MOVING AT ANY TIME DURING THE
   SIGHTING: NO
8 DID YOU STOP AT ANY TIME DURING THIS SIGHTING: NO
9 IF YOU WERE MOVING GIVE ——— AND ———
10 HOW WAS OBJECT OBSERVED: NAKED EYE
11 HOW DID YOU HAPPEN TO NOTICE THE OBJECT:
    WAS POINTED OUT TO ME BY OTHER STUDENT


- page 340 -

Here is the text from the document:

9 JUL 53

12. DESCRIBE WHAT YOU SAW AS BRIEFLY AS POSSIBLE IN THE FOLLOWING SPACE:

A SOUND NONE
B SHAPE ROUND (NIGHT BALL)
C COLOR WHITE OBJECT AT
D SIZE 3 DIAME
E NUMBER 1
F LIGHT BRIGHT (A) STEADY (B) NONE
G LIGHT COLOR
I SPEED O OBJECT (A) STEADY (B) INTERMITTENT
H MOTION (B) NONE (A) MORE WEST

13. HOW DID OBJECT DISAPPEAR FROM VIEW/WAY FAST AND SUDDEN

14. DID ANY LENS DIST THE OBJECT THE OPTIC
A SLANT JUNCTION BELONG SPECIAL CAMERA
WITHOUT ANYTHING CLOUD B BLEND WITH
BACKGROUND C DECREASE IN ANGLE F DECREASE
IN BRIGHTNESS G MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING

16. WHEN YOU FIRST SIGHTED AT OBJECT WAS
(MAYBE I WILL YOU FACING A

17. WHEN YOU FIRST SIGHTED LIGHT WHAT SITUATION
WERE YOU FACING A B

Note: Some text is slightly difficult to read, so I've transcribed it as best as possible.


- page 341 -

Here is the text from the document:

III.

17

In the following sheet. Draw lines from algonquin site to the color ago its show the apparent elevation of the object in the sky.

A When first seen label A.
B When last seen label B.

Object (A) 10:07 AM

[Sketch A with labels "Observers Eye" and "Horizon"]

Object (B) 2:35 PM

[Sketch B with labels "Observers Eye" and "Horizon"]


- page 342 -

Here is the text from the document:

IV.

16 On the following, which B.
listed a out the signal I point out of
the object when first seen and to sit
the point last week I was the object
I felt the object between points in and
B.

If possible take 12 nets along the
That is point to show the distance
point of the object off signed
intervals off time during the sighting
object (A)                 2:27 PM
10:07 PM

OBJECT B 2:35 PM

[The document also contains two hand-drawn diagrams with labels like "horizon", "observer's eye", and arrows indicating movement or positioning of objects.]


- page 343 -

Here is the text from the document:

V.

19, Jm sildah. 9 plans shown like element features of the object hand class:
A apparent shape have cavity pointed or

rounded at

B apparent burster of motion felt by camera and

B other details of kind tends to be apparent

C. object (A) 10:07 AM (B) 2:35 PM
object ground some shiny

20) To be seen and the sign are shown below as they appear in their correct relative
size. In this British P photo different style
of what appears

object A 1000'                                                 object (B) 2:35

[The document also contains hand-drawn circles representing objects, with labels like "Sun", "Object", and numerical values]


- page 344 -

Here is the text from the document:

21. In your own words. Please describe the
sighting of an unid. object. A 10:07 am. weather clear.
object moving south south west out of saucer
very fast.

(Object (B) 2 35 moving in easterly while
to west then losing clear cloud then turning
just out of sight (B).

22. Your full name Leonard Frantzlen
23. Your present complete address. Fort monmouth
New Jersey. 7 lth or

24 Computer Radar student
25 Last school attended. Radar
26 Year of last attendance. 1952
27 Eugene Martinelli
Pgh. 71 ampere
Worlds Harlow- C Fort
Clgnd. Punch.

Richard Pulinger } M.J.
Mrs. Meyer
Joseph Bronch. Clwtn. Nashlin.


- page 345 -

Here is the text from the document:

V.H....

27. Fulles, complete which after fulens
In important should be settled here
I have twice all I say
Not heard Fullen


- page 346 -

