PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
   15 Oct 52

2. DATE-TIME GROUP
   Local 13/0930ST
   GMT 14/0130B

3. PHOTOS
   □ Yes
   ■ No

4. LOCATION
   BLADENBURG, MD.

5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   ■ Ground-Visual
   □ Air-Visual
   □ Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
   15 year-old boy

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
   5 1/2 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
   three

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
   three round bluish white object traveled in a "V" formation at an estimated speed of 100 mph at approx 1000' alt. Size of objects are comparable to that of a large a/c.

9. COURSE
   SW

11. COMMENTS
   1. Doubtful source.

12. CONCLUSIONS
   □ Was Balloon
   □ Probably Balloon
   □ Possibly Balloon
   □ Was Aircraft
   □ Probably Aircraft
   □ Possibly Aircraft
   □ Was Astronomical
   □ Probably Astronomical
   □ Possibly Astronomical
   □ Other
   □ Insufficient Data to Evaluation
   □ Unkmown


- page 1 -

Page 8

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper, if necessary.

When I first saw these objects the front one was almost in back of the other two. Then it moved up into a position to make a perfect triangle.

The objects had no illumination tail whatsoever, and it had no sound, it moved very slowly.

I am sure that they were not any reflections because they were too clear.

They were in front of a star and you could see the star all the way through it as will show you in the diagram below.

[A small hand-drawn diagram with circles representing stars and objects is shown at the bottom of the page]


- page 2 -

CSAF ITEM NBR 2
SECURITY INFORMATION
TO ATTN-5 SUPPLY FR AFOIN-202 TOUPNF
FOLG REPORT ORIGINATED BY MARYLAND STATE
POLICE AND PASSED HPRE VIA ANDREWS APPROACH
CONTROL AND INTELL OFF HQ CMD BOLLING
BLADENSBURG
MD SIGHTED 3 ORANGE OBJS IN WET FORMATION
OVER SUNNYCOOK RD HEADING TOWARDS SOUTHEAST
WASHINGTON AT 2050 PST 13 OCT 52. NO FURTHER
INFO AVAILABLE. SUGGEST QUESTIONNAIRE BE SENT.
END OF CSAF ITEM NBR 2


- page 3 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object?
1.1 Date: 13   Oct.   52
1.2 Time of Day: 8   30   A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
    a. Eastern
    b. Central
    c. Mountain
    d. Pacific
    e. Other

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                 b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object:
    Bladenburg   Md.   U.S.A.
    (Postal Address)   City or Town   State   Country

    Additional Remarks:

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
    (Circle One): a. Inside a building   d. In an airplane
                 b. In a car            e. At sea
                 c. Outdoors            f. Other

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
                 b. In the residential section of a city?
                 c. In open countryside?
                 d. Flying near an airfield?
                 e. Flying over a city?
                 f. Flying over open country?
                 g. Other


- page 4 -

4. How did you happen to notice the object? I happened to glance up at the sky and saw things just as they came into sight

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
13     Oct     52
Day     Month    Year

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? I was writing for my friend.

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object?
Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
We were at the neighborhood bakery.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One): a. North     e. South
             b. Northeast f. Southwest
             c. East      g. West
             d. Southeast h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North     e. South
              b. Northeast f. Southwest
              c. East      g. West
              d. Southeast h. Northwest


- page 5 -

Page 3

8.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North            c. South
             b. Northeast        d. Southwest
             c. East             e. West
             d. Southeast        f. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question and preceding question (8 and 8.1):
    a. Certain           c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes or NO

10. How was the object seen?
    (Circle One): a. Through window glass    e. Through theodolite
                 b. Through windshield       f. Through sunglasses
                 c. Through binoculars       g. Through open space
                 d. Through telescope        h. Other ___________

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)         11.1.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
     a. Clear sky                      a. Dry
     b. Hazy                           b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
     c. Scattered clouds               c. Moderate or heavy rain
     d. Thick or heavy clouds          d. Snow
     e. Don't remember                 e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)            11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
     a. No wind                        a. Cold
     b. Slight breeze                  b. Cool
     c. Strong wind                    c. Warm
     d. Don't remember                 d. Hot
                                       e. Don't remember

SECTION C

12. Estimate how long you saw the object?
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
    a. Certain        c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly sure    d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look? (Circle One) Solid or Transparent

14. Did the object at any time?
    (Circle One for each question)

14.1 Change direction?        Yes (NO) Don't know
14.2 Change speed?            Yes (NO) Don't know
14.3 Change size?             Yes (NO) Don't know
14.4 Change color?            Yes (NO) Don't know
14.5 Break up into parts or explode?  Yes (NO) Don't know
14.6 Give off smoke?          Yes (NO) Don't know
14.7 Change brightness?       Yes (NO) Don't know
14.8 Flicker, shrub, or pulsate?  Yes (NO) Don't know
14.9 Remain motionless?       Yes (NO) Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know

15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? Blue-White

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
16.1 Sound: The object made no sound.
16.2 Color: They were a blue-white color.

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 3
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.
    [A hand-drawn diagram shows 3 circles with arrows indicating movement]

18. Did the object at any time?
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know

    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
    The objects moved behind a tree.


- page 7 -

Page 5

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know

IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
The object moved in front of a house/store.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pea
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk

f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? 1000 feet.
20.2 How far was it from you? miles.
20.3 How fast was it going? 75-100 miles per hour.
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly
b. Gradually

c. Other
d. Don't remember

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (anytime) when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.
[A diagram is included showing a sketch with "Overhead", "Horizon", and "You" labeled]


- page 8 -

Page 6

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead

[Diagram showing a curved path from horizon to horizon with "You" in the center]

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

[Diagram showing multiple oval shapes with arrows indicating motion from point A to point B]

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Diagram showing multiple oval shapes with arrows indicating motion and some additional markings]


- page 9 -

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes or No

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other one?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I think that it could have been from outer space or if not that it could be from another country.

28. Give the following information about yourself:
[Personal details are redacted/blacked out, except for:]
City: Bladenburg
State: Maryland
Present Job: Newspaper Boy
Age: 15
Sex: Male

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Names and addresses are redacted/blacked out]

Bladenburg, Maryland

Page 7


- page 10 -

