The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card documenting a UFO sighting on 24 Sep 52 in Charleston, West Virginia.

PROJECT 10075 RECORD CARD
DATE: 24 Sep 52
LOCATION: CHARLESTON, W VA
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
TIME GROUP: 1930 EST
DURATION: Many
OBJECT: Bright, metallic-appearing particles observed by B-29 at 19,000' streaming past in slipstream of plane. Streaks were visible at considerable distance approaching plane, but nothing hit surfaces of a/c.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The document appears to be a report from the United States Air Force's Project Blue Book, describing an unusual phenomenon observed by an aircraft crew on September 24, 1952 near Charleston, West Virginia.

The text of the report is as follows:

USA - MATS
IR-666-52

Unusual Phenomena Observed by Aircraft

Eastern USA
16 October 1952

D. F. Hammerlund, Major, USAF
USAF Pilot

1. A pilot report of an unusual nature involving phenomena observed by crew members of a B-29 aircraft on 24 September 1952, south of Charleston, W. Va., was received by Detachment 7, 1st Weather Group, Griffiss Air Force Base, Rome, New York. The number and types of the aircraft and the names and organization of the crew members were not included in the report forwarded to HQ MATS.

2. The report is as follows:

a. Date: 24 September 1952
b. Time: 15:46
c. Location: 35 miles due south of Charleston, West Virginia
d. Type of Aircraft: B-29
e. Incident. Altitude: 23,000 feet
f. Altimeter Setting: 30.26 inches (Hg)
g. Magnetic Heading: 190 knots
h. Remarks: The aircraft was on a track of 350 degrees toward Charleston. The crew members observed a light or lights below the aircraft. The particles were visible from all observation points in the aircraft. The participles were in the form of a bright, white light and appeared to be scattering or bursting. They were pencil-point in width and variable in length from a tiny flash to a scream. These particles were visible for 2 to 3 seconds. There was no sound associated with the phenomenon. Nothing was observed to hit the plane (wing tips, tail, etc.) and the plane continued on its course. The particles appeared to be moving laterally to the course of the aircraft. Scanners could see the particles in the slip-stream and to the rear, but there was no turbulence or disturbance of any kind. There was no change in the white light and radio spectrum. The phenomenon was observed for a distance of 50 miles and lasted approximately 10 to 13 miles from the point of first observation.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with text content only.

Intelligence Division, Hq 
4579 MONITORING & EVALN. UNIT 
Washington 25, D.C.

IR-666-52 2 2

3. The detachment commander and detachment forecaster interviewed the pilot and engineer of the aircraft and also the crew members of the call section. The investigation disclosed that the particles were not identified. The pilot stated emphatically that the particles were not ice crystals nor were they in any way similar to what would be expected to be disintegrated radar observations. 

4. The Directorate of Scientific Services, Air Weather Service, reviewed the report and stated that AWS could offer no explanation for the reported phenomenon. It was recommended that the matter be called to the attention of Project Bluebook, Air Technical Intelligence Center.

APPROVED:

D. F. HAMMERLUND Major, USAF

JOHN L. TRAVIS Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Division

- page 3 -

