PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

19 Jul 52
17/1-50 EST
17/1-50.2

Location: WHITE PLAINS N.Y.

Type of Observation: Ground-Visual
Civilian woman

Duration: 3-6 sec.

Number of Objects: 1

Direction: SE

Comments:
Two large "flying saucers" which made a whirling sound and were "flying on edge" observed by woman in White Plains, N.Y.


- page 1 -

8. What direction were you facing when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North            e. South
             b. Northeast       f. Southwest
             c. East            g. West
             d. Southeast       h. Northwest

8.1 What direction were you facing when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North            e. South
              b. Northeast       f. Southwest
              c. East            g. West
              d. Southeast       h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above two questions (8 and 8.1).
    a. Certain           c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
   Yes or No

10. How was the object seen?
    (Circle One): a. Through window glass    e. Through theodolite
                 b. Through windshield       f. Through sun glasses
                 c. Through binoculars       g. Through open space
                 d. Through telescope        h. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
     a. Clear sky         d. Thick or heavy clouds
     b. Hazy              e. Don't remember
     c. Scattered clouds

11.2 WIND (Circle One)
     a. No wind           c. Strong wind
     b. Slight breeze     d. Don't remember

11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
     a. Dry               c. Moderate or heavy rain
     b. Fog, Mist, or light rain   d. Snow
                          e. Don't remember

11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
     a. Cold              c. Warm
     b. Cool              d. Hot
                          e. Don't remember


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

SECTION O

12. Estimate how long you saw the object?
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds    60

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
    a. Certain    c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly sure    d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent? centers of circle

14. Did the object at any time:
    (Circle One for each question)
    14.1 Change direction?    Yes    No    Don't know
    14.2 Change speed?    Yes    No    Don't know
    14.3 Change size?    Yes    No    Don't know
    14.4 Change color?    Yes    No    Don't know
    14.5 Break up into parts or explode?    Yes    No    Don't know
    14.6 Give off smoke?    Yes    No    Don't know
    14.7 Change brightness?    Yes    No    Don't know
    14.8 Flickers, change, or pulsate? (Circle/Underlined)    Yes    No    Don't know
    14.9 Remain motionless?    Yes    No    Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't know

15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light?

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
    16.1 Sound: Noise like bombers flying in formation, but a steady soft whistling sound, and sounded like a rush.
    16.2 Color: Blue white, but dim was dazzling, whitish bright.

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?    TWO

    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

[The document includes a hand-drawn diagram showing the direction and arrangement of the objects, with notes indicating movement from North to South and East.]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

18. Did the object at any time?
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
Some soft of framework of dull grey material

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pea
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk

f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other: ____________

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? _______ feet or _______ feet.
20.2 How far was it from you? _______ miles or _______ miles.
20.3 How fast was it going? ____________ miles per hour.
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly   c. Other
               b. Gradually   d. Don't remember

I say gradually because, (through it disappeared at its largest size in my view) one circle disappeared at a time taking a matter of three seconds for the two circles to disappear.
I am attaching a sketch of how they appeared and disappeared at the back of this questionnaire.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

Overhead East
New A
B
Horizon
Your eye

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead
A B
Horizon
Your eye

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

As it made right angle turns and headed East - noticed for about 3 seconds before it disappeared & was across top of low altitude and left screen.

Traveled very smoothly. When they appeared in the north looked to me like revolving slabs of a propeller of a bomber. The circles became larger and larger. (always together was shown attached) and were very bright. They were against pale blue sky. The whole center was swirling at a terrific speed, like the blades of an electric fan, but the rims were most stationary. There were no rays.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The space between the two circles was always about half the diameter of circle, and very near circle. At all times, no part of outline faded. They were all shades large when they changed, though a slit in who sky, lines seemed abruptly as soon as circles disappeared.

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? It was no mirage, hallucination or phenomenon on this earth. I knew something so beautiful, those two circles studded with something so striking. If it were it for the night that bar of unreal horizon, it was a token from Heaven.

28. Give the following information about yourself:
Mrs. John H [Name redacted]
Last Name    First Name    Middle Name
ADDRESS: White Plains, New York
City         Zone    State

TELEPHONE NUM: [redacted]
What is your present job? House wife
Civil Defense Day Warden #3
Age 54
Sex Female
Last School Attended Business College, Malden, Mass.
Year of last attendance at this school 1914
Since studied art and portrait painting


- page 6 -

Twin objects sighted by [redacted] July 17, 1952 at 3:10pm DLST ESE

These objects took approximately 60 seconds to travel between points indicated. About 3 to 4 seconds to make right angle turn and vanish.

Heard noise before I sighted small disk.

The noise increased in volume at, if I similar to noise one hears on a small steamer or Ferry boat. When bar was in this position I saw them between spheres + forms what appeared like attachments or gadgets but to in distinct for me to try to describe or sketch

Fig I. Shows top and corner frags as it started right angle turn

Fig I Shows how it appeared to ascend, one sphere here became cut in halves as though going through a side wing of a theatrical stage.

Fig III At this stage only one sphere was visible, although just as large and just as brilliant as when making beginning of right angle turn with its twin.

Fig IV. This last sphere was cut in halves as the first and then vanished instantly.

Fig V. I am of the opinion that if these objects had been a disk as I first assumed they would have appeared as in this figure.

Horizon                                                 Horizon

FYE


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

This sketch shows how the two circles appeared coming directly from the North toward me, travelling constantly on an even keel, as though attached together, becoming larger and larger to my view, and disappearing at their largest size, almost instantly, by making what seemed to be a right angle turn directly East, one circle disappearing at a time, as though going through a side wing on a theatrical stage. The side wing of the same pale blue color of the sky. The disappearing act took a rather odd shape second. It was only at the last stage of this act that I noticed a pale gray bar at the top, and behind the two circles, and the left corner which appeared to be part of some sort of framework that these two circles were attached to. I might add that the top bar seemed to have a slight upward swing that made the object appear to be rising higher as well as making that right angle turn.

As you will notice I left the last circle of this twin object unfinished in my sketch, as well as the end part of the bar, to show how this twin object vanished from my view. I at no time saw the right hand corner of this twin object.

The two circles I saw appeared to be travelling in the path of the Sun, not directly overhead. I had to keep turning my eyes as well as my head toward the right until my chin was over my right shoulder. I judge it took a good sixty seconds to make the distance I saw it travel in.

I heard noise: a few seconds before the first glimpse or scene of two small circles. This noise continued until the objects vanished.

This observation was made July 17, 1952 at about 5:10 P.M. DIST by [redacted] White Plains, N.Y.

See page 7 of Questionnaire for the description and color of these circles.

The document also includes a hand-drawn sketch with circles and annotations showing the movement and positioning of the observed objects.


- page 8 -

MSG NBR 1843                ACTION                PRIORITY

FM ROSLYN N Y 181392
TO CG AMC WPAFB DAYTON OHIO ATTN MCIS
ADC ENT AFB COLORADO SPRINGS COLO ATTN DIR OF INTEL
EADF ATTN DIR OF INTEL STEWART

UNCLASSIFIED

ADAC 1299.
FOLG REPT OF UNCONVENTIONAL ACT, RECD THIS HQ 18 JULY AT 151027
FWD IAW ADCL 200-1 DTD 11 APR 1951. A 2 FLYING SAUCERS ACCOMPANIED
BY WHILLINGSQUORD] EXCEPTIONALLY CRYSTALLINE, CROSSED SKY IN 5-6
SECONDS, SHOWING UP AND OUT OF SIGHT, FROM NORTHWEST TO SOUTHEAST;
EXCEPTIONALLY LARGE, APPROX SIZE OF TERRS WHERE ALT AN
ACT AT SAME ALT WOULD HAVE INDISTINGUISHABLE THE SAUCERS WERE FLYING
C TO SOUTHEAST. L. WRS.

WEST TO SOUTHEAST. L. WRS.
NY, TP WHITE PLAINS, 97504
15 MILES, WINDS SOUTH, 3 MILES PER HR. G. WEA CLEAR, VISIBILITY
1, NEGATIVE. J. UNK. END OF REPT
20/11402-JULY

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED DOD DIR 5200.10

PARAPHRASE NOT REQUIRED, SEE CRYPTO-CENTER
BEFORE UNCLASSIFIED


- page 9 -

AF FORM 112-PART 1
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1954

COUNTRY
USA

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
UNCLASSIFIED

AREA REPORTED White Plains, New York

FROM (Agency) Hq 26th Air Div (Def) Roslyn N.Y.

DATE OF REPORT 19 July 1952     DATE OF INFORMATION 17 July 1952     EVALUATION F-6

PREPARED BY (ORGANIZATION) WILLIAM H GREENHALGH JR MAJ USAF     SOURCE First

ADC Ltr 290-1 dtd 11 Acr 51

SUMMARY: (Enter brief summary of report. Cite first paragraph. If no summary, so state)

1. Report of Unconventional Aircraft. Mrs [redacted] Avenue, White Plains, New York, Telephone White Plains 9-7504, reported sighting two (2) flying saucers at 1910Z on 17 July 1952 in grid KK 1402. Objects were moving from Northwest to Southeast.

2. Objects described as flying saucers were accompanied by whirling exceptionally crystalline, crossed the sky in five to six seconds, shooting upward and out of sight. They were exceptionally large, approximately the size of a ferris wheel aircraft, and an aircraft at that altitude would have been indistinguishable. The saucers were flying on their edge.

3. The weather at the time of the sighting was clear and visibility fifteen (15) miles, wind south at three (3) miles per hour.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED

DISTRIBUTION:
2 cys - Commanding General, Air Material Command, Attn: MCIS
1 cy - Commanding General, Air Defense Command, Attn: Dir of Intl
1 cy - Commanding General, Eastern Air Defense Force, Attn: Dir of Intl
1 cy - Commanding General, 26th Air Dir of Intl

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART I
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1954

COUNTRY
USA

REPORT NO.
UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

AREA REPORTED
White Plains, New York

FROM (AGENCY)
HQ 26th Air Div (Def) Roslyn N. Y.

DATE OF REPORT
19 July 1952

DATE OF INFORMATION
37 July 1952

EVALUATION
F-6

PREPARED BY (OFFICE)
WILLIAM H GREENHALGH JR Maj USAF

SOURCE
Mrs

ADC LTR 200-1 dtd 11 Aug 51

SUMMARY: (Enter brief summary of report. Use continuation sheet if additional space is required. Begin last of report on AF Form 112-Part I(a))

1. Report of Unconventional aircraft. Mrs [redacted] White Plains 9-7504, reported sighting (2) Flying saucers at 1910Z on 17 July 1952 in grid EM 102. Objects were moving from Northwest to Southeast.

2. Objects described as flying saucers were accompanied by whirling sound. exceptionally crystalline, crossed the sky in five to six seconds, shooting upward and out of sight. They were exceptionally large, approximately the size of a ferris wheel, and an aircraft at that altitude would have been indistinguishable. The saucers were flying on their edge.

3. The weather at the time of the sighting was clear and visibility fifteen (15) miles, wind south at three (3) miles per hour.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED

DISTRIBUTION BY COPIES
1 cy - Commanding General, Air Material Command, Attn: MCIS
1 cy - Commanding General, Air Defense Command, Attn: Dir of Intel
1 cy - Commanding General, Sabana Air Defense Force, Attn: Dir of Intel
1 cy - Commanding General, 26th Air Div DSK Attn: Dir of Intel

NOTE: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C.,
31 AND 32. AS AMENDED. ITS TRANSMISSION OR THE REVELATION OF ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER TO AN UNAUTHORIZED PERSON IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.

22 34


- page 11 -

White Plains, N. Y.,
August 15, 1952.

Major Robert E. Kennedy,
Air Technical Intelligence Center,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Ohio.

Attention - AFOIN-ATIA-5
Subject - Twin Objects sighted in White Plains 7/17/52

Dear Sir:

I am enclosing with this letter another sketch I have drawn of the twin objects I sighted and reported to Dayton, Ohio July 29. In my previous sketch I sent along with my questionnaire August 9, I drew only the first phase of the right angle turn these twin objects took, as I didn't know at the time how to sketch the different phases those two objects presented without confusing everyone. Since then, I recall that the last disk disappeared at a higher location in the sky, making it less difficult for me to sketch those different phases those twin objects presented in making that right angle turn.

Furthermore, up until now I could not understand why these twin objects, which were perfect circles at all times, did not take the logical form of an elongated ellipse which one would expect them to take in making that turn. After studying a sketch of what I actually saw, I have come to the conclusion that what I saw were objects spherical in form. No doubt you have already arrived at that same conclusion.

I have numbered on this sketch the different phases these twin objects presented, and a description of each follows:

Fig. 1. This shows the beginning of the right angle turn, at which time the circles appeared at their largest size, reminding one of two large Ferris Wheels made of crystal. It's at this stage that I noted some sort of framework attached to the two spheres, but no attachments were visible. I simply saw the top bar and left corner of framework which seemed to be of a solid dull pale gray material. This top bar and corner of frame was well defined against the pale blue sky. The width of this framework in my sketch is approximately correct in relation to the dimensions of those spheres. I also noticed at this point that the bar across the back of these spheres seemed shorter in length than the overall measurement as placed a little lower than the top of spheres. This fact no doubt accounts for my seeing only two circles up to this point.

The whirling sound I had been hearing from the beginning seemed to increase in sound, with another type of sound added, as though some other form of machinery had been set in motion to make this right angle turn.


- page 12 -

The only clearly legible text in this image is along the left margin:

[17] JUL
TE PLAINS NY

The image appears to contain a technical diagram or schematic, but most of the text within the diagram is too blurry or low-contrast to read with certainty. There are some holes punched in the edges of the document, suggesting it was part of a file or binder.


- page 13 -

Subject-Twin Objects sighted in White Plains, N. Y.

Fig. 11. Here the spheres, including frame, tilted upward very suddenly as though ascending, and the noise increased again in volume, very similar to the noise one hears on a small steamer, such as the one that plys between Boston and Nantasket.

As you will notice the top bar in this figure is practically upended, and when in this position I saw what seemed to be gages or attachments down in between the framework and spheres. However, this feature was altogether too indistinct for me to describe, much less try to sketch.

Fig. 111 Only one big sphere remained, brilliant as when it made the right angle turn with its twin, and the noise abated somewhat at this point.

The one sphere remaining puzzled me no end, but I now believe the reason only one sphere was visible at this stage, was because the spheres had completed the right angle turn and one sphere was traveling directly behind the other on their way directly eastward.

Fig. IV. This sphere was finally cut in halves like the first and then vanished instantly. The noise also ceased simultaneously. To get the exact effect of how they vanished from view take a strip of paper three quarters of an inch wide and draw it slowly across Fig. 1 from right to left, until a sphere is cut in halves. Now you will have a picture resembling Fig. 11 except for the framework. Do the same with Fig. 11 until you have only one sphere.

You can now see what I have begun up against in trying to sketch this right angle turn.

Sunday August 10th, an investigator from your Center called on me. Among other things he asked to see the yard from where I had observed these twin objects. In pointing out the location where I first sighted these objects I remarked to him that I thought I had been mistaken in saying that they came from the north. We agreed that they may have appeared more in the North Northeast. I have corrected this error in this new sketch, and I also changed the point of the disappearance to East Southeast.

I hope I have succeeded in giving you a clearer picture this time of this unidentified aerial object.

Very truly yours,

[Signature area is blacked out]

1 incl.


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

72
White Plains, N. Y.,
September 17, 1952

Major Robert E. Kennedy,
Air Technical Intelligence Center,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Ohio.

Attention - AFOIN-ATIA-5
Subject - Twin Objects sighted in White Plains
July 17, 1952

Dear Sir:

In reporting the Twin Objects I sighted July 17 from my back yard, I purposely withheld one very important feature as I couldn't bring my-self to reveal such an astounding feature. I had kept this particular feature a very dark secret for one whole month. When I felt I could do so no longer, therefore, on August 18 I made an appointment with the pastor of our church, bringing all correspondence I had with your Intelligence Center for him to read. I then told him the secret, and asked him if he thought I did right in withholding this information. He replied, by saying he thought I had given enough information for the time being, as it were, and added enigmatically - "At least we know they are not Russians."

Since then I have watched newspapers and periodicals (even going through past issues) for reports on sightings, being very much interested since my experience, but found very little reference has been made to "Saucers" since the first part of August. However, I did come across the following items, and will have made up my mind to divulge my secrets:

1. Time magazine of April 14, 1952 reported that Lancelot Hogben, F.R.S. gave a lecture to The British Interplanetary Society and the article starts "How do earthlings go about striking up a conversation with the inhabitants of other planets?" "Assume said Hogben that the earths ELN (Extraterrestrial Neighbors) can perceive or record radiation in some part of the electromagnetic spectrum (light, heat, radio waves etc.) Also assume that the earth can send radiation strongly enough to reach the nearest planet, etc. etc.

2. Read in our local paper that our Air Force had ordered pilots to shoot at unidentified objects they may come across in the sky.

3. Read in our a New York City paper dated Sept. 15 that a ten foot tall monster was supposed to have alighted from a "Flying Saucer" down in Sutton, W. Va.

The very afternoon I sighted this Twin Object I felt it was a friendly sight-seeing space ship from another planet. If you will refer to my very first letter reporting this Twin Object I would up my letter by saying "Two me these objects appeared to be of too great a size to have been created on this earth." It was not only the size that convinced me of this, but this other feature which I am about to reveal.

First, as I wrote in my letter of Aug. 15 (explaining Fig. 1 of my sketch) an added noise was heard to him I had been hearing from the very beginning, very similar to noise made by a small steamer, a muffled staccato


- page 15 -

Subject - Twin Objects sighted in White Plains, N. Y. 7/17/52

Sound: about three beats to the second. It wasn't loud, but as I have repeatedly stated in previous letters, it was a very hot, quiet afternoon, the temperature being up in the 90's, no planes were flying in this vicinity at the time, the children or the neighborhood were away at camp, and the adults that were home kept indoor due to the intense heat, so the conditions prevailing at the time were perfect to see and hear every sound without any interference whatever.

In Figure 11, as per my sketch, this Twin Object took a sudden upswing and in this precisely upended position the most astounding features were revealed. First I noticed attachments and gadgets down in between the framework (which I now think was housing for beings aboard) and spheres, and then above that and ascending thump I was hearing, I distinctly heard voices greatly amplified, that seemed to come from beings similar to ourselves. It was as though a door of a large auditorium had been opened, the instant the Object took this sudden upswing on a group of eight to ten people conversing with one another in a slow quiet manner, seemingly unaware that their voices were being heard down here below. The vocal tones were beautifully, and all seemed to be of the same quality with no guttural or nasal sounds. They were all of a middle range, more like mature feminine voices than masculines. No harsh consonants were used, and the vowels were well rounded, open and long. If consonants were used they were not heard. I never heard a language on this earth as beautiful. I grant you, I haven't heard all languages spoken, but I have heard several.

I had no stop watch, but I estimate I heard these voices for at least four or five seconds, during the whole time this Object was in this upended position, then all sound and voices were cut off abruptly as the Twin Object went into the next phase as shown in Figure 11 of my sketch, when only one sphere could be seen as it was going directly E.S.E., hiding the sphere ahead.

It has taken considerable courage for me to divulge this secret, but since reading about Hogben I feel compelled to disclose this secret for the sake of science. Should I, by chance, have been the only person to have had the opportunity of seeing and hearing such an astounding revelation, science would have been the loser had I continued keeping silent. I understand the U.S. Government has engaged scientists to work in conjunction with the work done at your center, and I feel confident you will see that this information is passed on to scientists who believe other planets are inhabited, such as Dr. Walter Riedel and Dr. Maurice A. Piot.

Lancelot Hogben would be most interested in this voice feature. Would the Air Intelligence Center object to my sending him a copy of this letter?

The Editor of Club Dial, a monthly magazine put out by our Woman's Club (Wembrough Close to 900) of which I have been a member for the past twelve years has asked me to write an article on the "Saucers" I have sighted. I noticed your investigator who called on me had my letter in so secret file. Does this mean that I should keep silent? Of course, if I should accept the invitation to write an article I would not mention the voice feature, as I don't think the public is ready for such a revelation.

Very truly yours,
Mrs. J.


- page 16 -

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper if necessary.

My answer to 20.1
    Since July 17
I have been trying to determine how high these two circles were, just before they vanished, and appeared at their largest size, and found that by watching bombers flying across that particular location on a very clear day I have observed that a bomber would look larger than one half inch long to the naked eye, by measuring at arm's length with a pencil, whereas each of the circles I saw were at least one and one quarter inch in diameter by a similar measurements. The figure a bomber would fit in one of these circles as per this sketch. This is the only way I can answer this question. The wing spread about one half inch.

My answer to 20.2
    The following is the only answer I can give as to how far it was away from me. When I first saw these twin-objects in the North, I would say they were no more than a quarter of an inch in diameter, measuring at arm's length with a pencil. They first appeared upon the scene like two small silver disks at that distance. I was lying as a cat facing North in the direction they were coming from. I thought at first these silver like disks were the propellers of a bomber. But it immediately dawned on me that propellers wouldn't be discernible at that great distance, so I kept my eyes focused on these two objects. Prior to their appearance I heard noise similar to the noise of bombers flying in formation, but then a much softer smoother hum. Upon scanning the sky nothing could be seen, then presently silver disks appeared directly North and coming directly toward me in what seemed to be traveling in an arc, traveling very smoothly and as though the two circles were attached. The circles were identical in shape (perfect circles) and identical in size and color. They were traveling, constantly in an upward position and on an even keel. As they became larger I noticed the whole center of both circles were whirling and couldn't help but attribute the noise I was hearing to the whirling apparatus. In the center circles. The whirling appearance and revolving reminded me of the nickel plated blades revolving in an electric fan, and revolving at a terrific speed. The rim of circles were of a dazzling blue white crystal, almost like diamonds, but this rim did not seem to be revolving. When this twin object disappeared at its largest size, making a right angle turn I noticed the circles appeared to have a rectangular framework both in top and left hand corner. This framework seemed of a dull pale gray material. The noise ceased abruptly as soon as these twin objects vanished. I stayed on the spot a good ten minutes after the circles disappeared watching the sky for planes, as I wanted to make sure no plane had been traveling simultaneously. There was no plane in sight anywhere, in fact, for such a clear day I couldn't understand why none were about.


- page 17 -

My answer to 20.3

Again, I have no means of determining how many miles an hour these twin objects were traveling. The only thing I can say to give you an idea, is that it took about sixty miles to travel from one point to the two points I observed them to travel in. I couldn't have been in a better spot to view these circles, and only wish that a scientist could have had the opportunity I had.

It was the most beautiful sight, more breath taking than any planets to be seen with the naked eye. It made a profound impression on me, and a day doesn't go by that I don't find myself dwelling on that most unusual celestial apparition.

Could I have been witnessing a couple of planets doing an epicycle they speak of in Ptolemaic astronomy?

I have never studied astronomy, but common sense tells me there would be no framework to account for, noise or a right angle turn.


- page 18 -

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object:
1.1 Date: 17th July 1952
1.2 Time of day: 3 10 A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain

d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are
of your answer to the above question 1.2:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

2. Where did you see the object?
[Postal Address redacted] White Plains, N.Y. U.S.A.
City or Town   State   Country

3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
(Circle One): a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors

d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

3.1 Were you:
(Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

4. How did you happen to notice the object? was lying on a set facing north. I suddenly turned to my telescope and was looking for it up in a tree or a number. I heard a motor noise and looked to see if it moved.

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
    29      July       1952    Wrote to Air Intelligence Center
    Day    Month       Year    Sutton, Ohio

    18     July       1952    Called up White Plains
    Day    Month       Year    Field Center

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? some back yard at White Plains, N.Y. lying on a set

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Try to list the activity or activities, and the approximate amount of time spent on each.

Ordinary household chores, and I had been lying on my back on a cot for about fifteen or twenty minutes watching for birds when the object appeared.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes or No

IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions.

7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One):   a. North       e. South
                b. Northeast   f. Southwest
                c. East        g. West
                d. Southeast   h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No


- page 20 -

