PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

DATE: 5 August 1952

LOCATION: Haneda AFB, Japan

TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

SOURCE: Military Personnel

PHOTOS: No

LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 Hour

BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Shape—Circular

There is also a "SMC" stamp on the document.

The bottom right of the page shows "#1" and there is a form number "ATC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)" printed at the bottom.


- page 1 -

CASE #3 (contd)

At 0003I an F-94 was airborne on a scramble and was requested to search to the NE of Haneda AFB over Tokyo Bay. They could make no visual observations, but could see the North Star and Venus. The F-94 was vectored to the object by GCI (both the F-94 and object were on the scope) and held at for 90 seconds. Shortly after this, both the object and the F-94 disappeared into the ground clutter on the GCI. At no time did the F-94 make visual contact. The radar contact indicated the target was at 6000 yards, 10° below and 10° to the right of a 320° bearing from the station. Some after loss of radar contact, the object was lost visually.

Comments

The F-94 crew reported excellent visibility, yet they could not visually observe the object during a thorough search of the area. They stated that the moon was bright and might possibly have caused reflections off the few scattered clouds. This, however, is not in agreement with the description of an exceptionally bright light given by the tower operators.

Since the weather was not given, it is not possible to determine whether the radar was caused by some type of anomalous propagation.

Conclusion

Unknown


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

482 #3
5 August 1952                                     Haneda AFB, Japan

Description of Incident

The object was first noticed by two airmen walking across the ramp at Haneda AFB on the night of 5 Aug 52 at 2330* (local time). The airmen were on their way to the tower to relieve the operators. On reporting to the tower, the object was called to the attention of the tower operators who were going off duty.

The four operators agreed that the object, which they observed for from 50 minutes to an hour through 7x50 binoculars, was circular in shape and with constant brilliance.

The light appeared to be a portion of a large, round, dark shape which was about 4 times the diameter of the light. When the object was close enough for details to be seen, a smaller, less brilliant light could be seen along the lower edge of the dark shape. The object faded to the west twice but reappeared; it could have faded or actually gone away and come back. The size of the light, when closest to the tower, was approximately the same as the ceiling balloons that are released near the tower. A comparison was made to these 20" diameter balloons at 2000'. This would make the object 50' in diameter at 10 miles. During the observation, a lighted balloon was released but this light was extremely dim and paler compared to the object.

An airborne C-54 was requested to check the object, which the pilot did, but he reported seeing only a star.

An ACCS unit was notified soon after the original visual sighting and shortly after 2045 picked up an unidentified return. The object was tracked at varying speeds from hovering to 300 knots. At 0012Z the return "broke into three pieces" and they maintained intervals of 1/4 mile. No visual observation was made from the ACCS unit although it was attempted and, at one time, the object was within 10 miles of the station. The radar was directed onto the target by visual observations from the tower.

So it can safely be assumed that both visual and radar contacts involved the same object.

9


- page 3 -

INCIDENT NO. 3.-Shortly before midnight on August 5, 1952, two airmen were walking toward the tower at Haneda AFB in Japan to begin their shift work when they spotted a large object in the sky. The object was first sighted by military police bearing a light in the sky. They pointed it out to the other men through 7x50 binoculars. Under the tower's lighting the object showed a few brilliant lights and gave them a few brilliant lights. The tower people called radar and gave them the object. The tower personnel picked up a large target indicating the object's movement. The radar tracking of the object showed correlating movement of the radar target and the visual UFO. By correlating movement, they were both observing the visual UFO. The radar tracked the object at varying speeds and vectored it from hover to 700 knots. An F94 was scrambled and vectored into the target. It got a radar lock-on and started contact and at the same time the tower and ground radar broke up into three pieces which after some time the ground radar broke up into three pieces which after some weather balloon was released at the base, and the witnesses were much puzzled. One of the puzzling aspects of the incident was that the UFO was one of the pilot's point of view. The incident was that the UFO was one of the pilot's point of view. Although each was able to get a visual sighting on the object, although each was closer to it than the air base tower.


- page 4 -

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 4 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: Wing Intelligence
35th Air Division Vs, APO 925

REPORT NO.
IR-1-52

PAGE 3 of 3 PAGES

D/F WRAP Comment:

This incident, including information received from control tower personnel at Haneda AFB, Japan, was previously reported on WRAP IR 139-52, dated 18 August 1952.

[Signature]
CHARLES I. BARTIE
Brigadier General, USAF
Deputy for Intelligence


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112 - PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1950

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Wing Intelligence
35th Ftr-Intercep Wg, APO 994

REPORT NO.
TR-1-52

PAGE
60

PAGES
3

Statement of 1st Lt G. S. Day, ADCC Controller at Johnson A.F.B.

At 2355 on 5 Aug 52, I scrambled one (1) F-94, alert aircraft to attempt to intercept and identify an unidentified aircraft or aerial object, reported to this ADCC then circling CG/I area vicinity Honshu by Honshu operators. In pursuit of progress of intercept, came into ADCC, I logged the hr. A wire recording of all reports is made, but one is available on request. This recording, if available, by someone with Lt Albert, duty controller at the time CG/I station, also me controlling the F-94.

The F-94A was unable to close on the unidentified aircraft or object, after passing one radar control line its reported location, after a patrol search the F-94 return. My reason this flight resulting was unidentified.

[Signature]
G. S. Day
1st Lt., USAF
ADCC Controller

Statement of 1st Lt H. Nolting, Controller at Shirei

At approximately 230 hours, 5 Aug 52, while on duty as controller at Det 4, 20th ADGP Group, I received a call from the Honshu tower operators that they were tracking an unidentified aircraft. This was relayed to me by Sgt Wilkins. I relayed this information to ADCC and started checking for an intercept. (A) the low scope on both high and low bases. There were three. (2). From (A) Wilkins on low beam, I could clearly, put a scramble on one F-94. I could get a reading on the ERI scope. At 2015 hours I was relieved by Lt Albert.

1st Lt H. Nolting is stationed at Shirei and is not immediately available to sign narrative statement.

Statement of 1st Lt G. Henry E. Albert, Controller at Shirei

The undersigned officer reported for work at Site No. at 2355, 5 Aug 52. Controller being relieved informed me of an unusual sighting reported to him by Honshu tower operators. This was reported to me as an unidentified object hovering northeast of Honshu. After discussion with ADCC controller, it was decided that an F-94 should be scrambled to investigate.

At the time of scramble, I had what was believed to be the object in radar contact. The radar "sighting" indicated the object to be to the south of this station over Toho Bay and approximately eight (8) miles northeast of Honshu. The target was in a right orbit moving at varying speeds. It was impossible to estimate speed due to poor visibility and tumult involved.

6


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112—PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

STATEMENT

At C000I I was scrambled to investigate an unidentified object reported by a control tower operator at Haneda. The object was reported to be in the Tokyo bay area. In an orbit to the standard of an estimated altitude of 5,000 feet. I observed nothing of an unusual nature in this area, however at C016I we vectored by Hi-Jax on a heading of 320 degrees, and directed to look for a bogie at 5100 feet. We made a visual contact with the target at 10 degrees below at 6,000 yards. The target was rapidly moving northeast. A float was plotted and a 1 minute to the starboard was investigated to intercept target which disappeared on scope in approximately 90 seconds. No visual contact was made with the unidentified target... Hi-Jax had lost radar contact with the unidentified target. We continued our search over Tokyo bay under Hi-Jax control. At C023I Hi-Jax released us from scramble and gave another aircraft mission. During this mission at C010I, this aircraft was identified as a C-54 on course of 350 degrees altitude 5000 feet, speed 160 knots. We noticed nothing of unusual nature from this time until we landed at 0120I.

/s/ Wesley R. Holder
/s/ WESLEY R. HOLDER
1st Lt., USAF

STATEMENT

At C000I Lt Holder and I were scrambled to investigate an unidentified target over Tokyo bay. Upon becoming airborne we immediately took up a heading for Tokyo bay. At C007I, Hi-Jirx reported a target at our 9 o'clock position... Manni contact made. At C009I, with this target and identified as a C-54, we started a starboard search orbit under GCI control, southeast of Haneda A.B. At C015I Hi-Jirx gave us a vector of 320 degrees. Hi-Jirx had a definite radar echo and gave us an 11 o'clock target to the unidentified target. Hi-Jirx determined the target to be at 11 o'clock to us at a range of 4 miles. At C016I I picked up a radar contact at 18 degrees port, 10 degrees below at 6,000 yards. The target was rapidly moving northeast. A float was plotted and a 1 minute to the starboard was investigated to intercept target which disappeared on scope in approximately 90 seconds. No visual contact was made with the unidentified target... Hi-Jirx had lost radar contact with the unidentified target. We continued our search over Tokyo bay under Hi-Jirx control. At C023I Hi-Jirx released us from scrambled and gave another aircraft mission. During this mission at C010I, this aircraft was identified as a C-54 on course of 350 degrees altitude 5000 feet, speed 160 knots. We noticed nothing of unusual nature from this time until we landed at 0120I.

/s/ Aaron M. Jones, Jr.
/s/ AARON M. JONES
1st Lt., USAF


- page 7 -

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Originator): ATIL Office, D/I FEAF                 REPORT NO.: IR-35-52                 PAGE 1 OF 1

DRAWING OF OBJECT AS DESCRIBED BY CONTROL TOWER PERSONNEL, HANEDA AFB, JAPAN,
2330/I to 0030/I, 5/6 Aug 52.

1. Center Light - constant brilliance across entire area (not due to a point-source of light).

2. Dark Area - Not determined whether due to a dark body, or due to shadow or blinding effect from the brilliant light.

3. Lights on Periphery - Light at lower left, small and fairly bright. Other lights dimmer and possibly smaller.

4. Weather - Visibility, excellent. Full moon, with 36° elevation, 185° azimuth.

5. Location of Object - Approximately 50° bearing from Haneda AFB.


- page 8 -

AF FORM 112 - PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Agency)                 REPORT NO.            PAGE       1   OF    1     PAGES
ATIL Office, D/I FEAF         IR-35-52

                                S T A T E M E N T

The first time I noticed the intense bright light over the Bay, was while crossing the ramp on our way to the tower. A first we thought it was an aircraft with landing lights on, but as we kept watching we noticed it wasn't moving. When we were about half way across the ramp it disappeared for the first time and reappeared 15 seconds later.

After we got in the tower I started looking at it with binoculars, which made the object much clearer. I found the bright white light in the middle, there was a darker object which stood out against the sky, having little white lights along the outer edge, and a glare around the whole thing.

I watched it disappear twice through the glasses. It seemed to travel to the East and gaining altitude at a very fast speed, much faster than any jet. Every time it disappeared it returned again, except for the last time when the jets were around. It seemed to know they were there.

As for an estimate on the size of the object---I couldn't even guess.

I know it wasn't a star, weather balloons or Venus, because I compared it with all three.

When we first saw it, we estimated it to be at about 5,000 feet. We couldn't estimate the distance because of the angle we were looking at it and the brightness. It was to the NNE of the field.

I watched it from 11:30 to 12:30, it was very clear in the east until then. The bright light disappeared again at about 12:30 and we lost sight of it due to the broken clouds that moved in at that time. We kept looking for it whenever the clouds broke, but we never saw it again.

/s/ Lloyd West
/s/ LLOYD WEST
A/3C, USAF

INCL. #1


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Liaison)                                   REPORT NO.           IR-35-52
                                                 PAGE    1    OF    4    PAGES

1. At 2350/5 August 1952, A/3C Lloyd West and A/1C Walter Gutowski, 1956-1
AACS Detachment, while crossing the ramp on their way to work at the Haneda Air Force
Base control tower, (35°33'N-139°45'E), sighted an exceptionally bright light in the
sky to the NE of Haneda Air Force Base. Upon reporting for duty, they brought the
object to the attention of A/2C Walter Jackson and A/3C George LaGasse, who had not
previously noticed it because the operating load had been keeping their attention
elsewhere.

a. The four operators agreed on the appearance of the object and watched
it through 7.5 x 50 binoculars for a total period of about 50 minutes to 1 hour. The
light was described as circular in shape, with brilliant appearance and constant
across the face. The light appeared to be a portion of a large round dark shapes which
was about four times the diameter of the light. Then the object was close enough for
details to be seen, a smaller, less-brilliant light could be seen at the lower left-
hand edge, with two or three more dim lights running in a curved line along the rest
of lower edge of the dark shapes. Only the lower portion of the darker shape could be
determined, due to the lighter sky which was bellowed to have blended with the upper
side of the object. No rotation was noticed. No sound was heard.

b. The object faded twice to the East, then returned. Observers were un-
certain whether disappearance was due to a dimming of the light, rotation of object,
or to the object moving away at terrific speed, since at times of fading, the object
was difficult to follow closely, except as a small light. Observers did agree that
when close, the object did appear to move horizontally, varying apparent position and
speed slightly.

c. Three of the operators indicated the size of the light, when closest to
the tower, was approximately the same as the small ceiling balloons (30 grams, appear-
ing 24 inches in diameter) when launched from the weather station, located at about
2000 feet from the tower. This would make the size of the central light about 50 feet
in diameter, when at the 10 miles distance tracked by OCI. At the greatest distance,
the size of the light appeared slightly larger than Venus, approximately due East of
Haneda and slightly brighter. A lighted weather balloon was launched at 2400 hours.
The balloon's light was described as extremely dim and yellow, when compared to the
brilliant blue-white light of the object. Observers stated that their eyes would
fatigue rapidly when they attempted to concentrate their vision on the object.

d. Shirol OCI was contacted, (35°49'N-140°02'E), and after visual vectors
were given, were able to track the object. An F-94 was in turn scrambled for an at-
tempted intercept.

e. The control tower at Tachikawa Air Force Base called Haneda tower at approximately 2350/T to bring their attention to a BRILLIANT white light over Tokyo Bay.
The tower replied that it had been in view for some time and that it was being checked.

f. A C-54, entering Haneda traffic was requested to check the object. The
pilot replied that it looked like a brilliant star and dismissed the sighting as such.

g. The F-94L appeared over Haneda just before the C-54 landed. After the
F-94L turned north, the tower called Shirol to direct the F-94L to turn right. No visual
contact was made by the F-94L.

h. The F-94L was vectored to the radar contact maintained by the Shirol OCI.
A radar contact was made by the F-94L, but was lost after 90 seconds. Soon after loss
of radar contact by Shirol and the F-94L, the tower lost visual contact as the object
either faded, moved away, or was obstructed by clouds.


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

ATIL OFFICE, D/T TSAY                TR-35-52                PAGE    2 OF 4 PAGES

2. Site No. 526th Aircraft Control and Warning Group, located at Shirol Air
Force Base, was contacted of the incident of the unidentified object soon after the
first visual contact by Haneda tower. The CPS-1 radar is normally operated at maximum
range, and contact was attempted on both high and low beams by Lt. Rawlings, the con-
troller then on duty. Three or four blips were noted at a position 050° bearing from
Haneda, as reported by the tower, but no definite movement could be ascertained, and
no Height/Range contact could be made with the CPS-1 due to ground clutter.

a. Lt. Albert reported for duty at 2345/5, and was soon able to make radar
contact on the 50 mile high beam. An F-94 was scrambled to investigate. The object
at this time had left the ground clutter and could be tracked at varying speeds in a
right orbit. Although impossible to accurately estimate speed, Lt. Albert gave a
rough estimate of from 100-150 knots, stopping and hovering occasionally, and a maximum
speed during the second orbit (but before F-94 was vectored) of possibly 250-300
knots. At approximately 0012/5 the object reportedly broke into three smaller contacts
maintaining an interval of about 1/4 mile, with one contact remaining somewhat brighter
The F-94 was vectored on this object, reporting weak contact at 0015/5 and loss of con-
tact at 0018/5. Within a few seconds, both the F-94 and the object entered the ground
clutter and were not seen again.

b. The blips on the CPS-1 were described as small and relatively weak, but
sharply defined. The brightness varied somewhat, and at one time appeared very bright,
as the object appeared to be in a fairly sharp turn at higher speed than previously
noted. Both recorded orbits were in approximately the same position, with the object
during and occasionally breaking in one position for several sweeps (1/2 RPM). Surveil-
lance of area was made for an extended period of time and no further contact was made.

c. The ADCC Controller at Johnson Air Force Base was kept informed of the
incident as it took place. Personnel at Site No. attempted unsuccessfully to make
visual contact with the object, which at times was less than ten miles distance from
Shirol Air Force Base. Radar was functioning normally before and after the incident.

3. The people with it: Lt. Wesley R. Holder as pilot and 1st. Aaron Jones as
radar operator, was scrambled at approximately 2357/5. Here was a slight delay in be-
coming airborne due to fuel system trouble during run-up. Aircraft became airborne at
0005/5 and was directed to make a search from Haneda Air Force Base northeast over
Tokyo Bay. No visual contact was made at any time.

a. The F-94 crew reported exceptional visibility in the air, with a very thin
cloud layer at 14,000 to 16,000 feet and one or two isolated patches of thin clouds low-
er. The G-5/4 in the pattern at Haneda Air Force Base was very clearly seen. The only
stars seen at a low elevation were the North Star and Venus. As the F-94 headed North,
the Control Tower asked CG1 to vector the F-94 toward the east. Looking off their right
forward quadrant and turning in the direction requested, the F-94 was still unable to
see anything unusual.

b. As the F-94 orbited to the right at approximately 350 knots T.A.S., the
CG1 radar re-established contact with the object and vectored the F-94 on a course of
360°. CG1 called the object at 11 o'clock to the F-94, at 11 miles. At this time the
F-94 managed to make a weak contact at 10° port, 10° low, at a range of 6,500 yards.

c. The radar contact at approximately 35°57'N-139°56'E, was described as weak
and small but distinct and definable from the ground clutter encountered. The radar
operator, Lt. Jones, was very busy maintaining the weak contact by manual control. As
the object moved across the scope from the port to starboard, it appeared to increase
speed and Lt. Jones called for a hard right turn. As the aircraft turned, the object
appeared to suddenly accelerate and disappear rapidly from the scope on a course of


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

ATIL Office, D/I FEAF                    REPORT NO.    IR-35-52                    PAGE    3 of 4    PAGES

approximately 095°. Contact was maintained for approximately 90 seconds. No further returns were found. In a search pattern, the pilot checked the area very thoroughly for any visual signs without success.

d. The APG-33 radar is checked before and after every mission and appeared to be working normally. The blip was described as definitely an airborne target and behaved as a bona-fide target, except when it appeared to accelerate off the right edge of the scope. The overcast was extremely thin, and all objects in the area could be seen clearly. The F-94 crew stated that there was no possibility of any radar contact from any 94 the area at that time.

4. Haneda weather at time of sighting was recorded at 2500 scattered, 16000 broken, 15 miles visibility, with wind SSE at 11 mph. Weather reported by the personnel involved in the incident was thin scattered to broken at 14,000-16,000 feet, generally thin enough to allow almost full brilliance of the moon to shine through. One or two thin scattered puffs were reported by the F-94 crew near Fuji. No clouds were reported by Haneda tower. The weather moving in from the southwest was lower broken clouds sufficient to obscure the moon as the clouds moved over Tokyo Bay about 0045/1 to 0100/1. Visibility was reported as exceptional with Mount Fuji (60 nautical miles to the west) clearly discernable. Scattered thunderstorm activity was reported in the mountains to the Northwest of the Tokyo area. Temperature recorded at Haneda was 76°, Dew Point 73°.

5. The personnel involved were all serious, intelligent, and completely cooperative.

a. Tower personnel cross-checked all known factors constantly and did not attempt to make any inferences in the sighting. Object is believed to have been reported exactly as they saw it.

b. Lt. Albert, GCI Controller at the Shiroi site, has had considerable experience under all conditions and thoroughly understands the capabilities of the CPS-1 radar. His statement was that the object was a bona-fide moving target, though somewhat weaker than that normally obtained from a single jet fighter.

c. Lt. Jones, F-94 radar operator, has had about seven years experience with airborne radar equipment. He states that the object was a bona-fide target, and that to his knowledge, there was nothing within a area of 15-20 miles that could give a radar echo.

COMMENTS BY PREPARING OFFICER:

1. The ten minute difference in time between the statement by Lt. Albert, 528th AC & W Sq., and that reported by other personnel concerned, is believed to be a typographical error, since the statement agrees on every other portion of the sighting.

2. The map grid coordinates listed on 35th Fighter Interceptor Wing Form 112, IR-1-52, are in error, since the area of contact was shown in Inclosure #6. Error may have been due to a mis-reading by the original debriefing officer.

3. This is the first sighting in the Far East which combined positive visual and radar contact over an extended period of time. The following items may have some bearing on this sighting:

a. On the night of the incident, there was a full moon. The F-94 crew reported exceptional visibility and stated that the upper cloud layer did not appreciably affect the brilliancy of the moonlight. Reflections off the water were considered, as


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: ATIL Office, D/I FSAF                    IR-35-52                    PAGE 4 OF 4 PAGES

sufficient to form secondary reflections off the lower clouds. Isolated patches of thin clouds were reported by the F-94 crew as being at approximately 1000 feet, with fairly strong reflections making them visible. These clouds were not reported to be visible by the control tower personnel. A/3C LeDasse reported that as he returned to the barracks, he noticed that the object seemed somewhat higher in the sky than previously, and that he noticed at the same time that the moon seemed proportionately higher in elevation.

B. There was some thunderstorm activity in the mountains to the northwest of Tokyo. Although lower broken clouds later moved over Tokyo Bay, there was no reported additional activity or vertical development in those clouds. Visibility was approximately the same as earlier.

C. The only objects reported in the area at the time of sighting were the C-54 landing at Haneda and the weather balloon launched by the Haneda weather station at 2007. Both were continuously in sight of control tower personnel. Venus was located 16° on the horizon and was definitely identified by the Tower, the CCI Site, and the F-94 crew.

D. According to the radar tracking, the object should have passed very close to Site M at Shiroi. A constant search of the area by personnel at the site, and the thorough search by the F-94 without visual contact indicates possible moonlight reflections. The tower personnel at both Haneda and Tachikawa, located 20 miles to the west, made no observations. The azimuth of the moon at this time was 158°, with an elevation of approximately 35°. A secondary reflection off a cloud could conceivably be bright to observers to the south or west, while the remainder of the cloud could block the reflection from above and to the north.

E. The F-94 crew evidently made an extremely thorough search over the area, and appeared to be perplexed that they had been unable to make visual contact, since searching altitude was 20 to 25 mi and approximately 5,000 feet, above, 5,000 feet. Failure to sight the object could only be due to the localized lower cloud patches. Failure to sight the object, or reflected in a narrow beam causing the effect.

F. The strange appearance could be attributed to a localized blinding effect causing the illusion of a darker form, particularly with the lower scattered light as to give an illusion of an outline.

G. Although many sightings might be attributed to visual and electrical reflections off ionized areas in the atmosphere, the near-perfect visibility on the night of the sighting, together with the circular orbit of the object would tend to disprove their theory.

[Signed]
CHARLES J. MALVEN
Captain, USAF
ATLO


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

COUNTRY: Japan                                                 REPORT NO: IR-35-52

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT: (Blank)

FROM: Attn. Office, D/I USAF

DATE OF REPORT: 12 August 1952                                 DATE OF INFORMATION: 5 August 1952
                                                                EVALUATION: B-2

PREPARED BY: Charles J. Malven, Captain, USAF (ATIO)            SOURCE: JADF & MATS Personnel

REFERENCES: (Coord Annex, Incmg, previous rept)                Ref: (1) 2005, (2) 49, 29 Aug 52, IR-35-52 (35th F.I. Wg); (3) 4-7 Aug 52

SUMMARY: (One complete paragraph. Give significant paragraph. List inclosures if any. Repeat title on AF Form 112-Part I)

This report concerns the visual and radar sighting of an unidentified flying object in the Tokyo area, 2330/1, 5 August 1952. The object was first sighted visually by control tower personnel at Haneda Air Force Base, tracked by Tokyo GCI located at Shiroi Air Force Base, and briefly contacted by the ADC-33 radar on an F-94, vectored on the object by the GCI radar.

APPROVED:
[Signature]
CHARLES I. DANIELL
Brigadier General, USAF
Deputy for Intelligence

Attachments:
1. Statement by A/3c Lloyd West
2. Sketch of Object
3. Statement by 1st Lt. Henry E. Albert
4. Statement by 1st Lt. Melvin B. Rawlins
5. Sketch of track of Object
6, 7, & 8. Calibration charts of Site #1, Radar

[Bottom of page contains distribution information]


- page 14 -

5 August 1952, Haneda AFB, Japan

Report of radar targets does not allow a plausible explanation of the nature of the targets. Absence of weather data, i.e. temperature w height and moisture w height does not allow an anomalous propagation explanation. However, the expert states that targets did appear to be permanent echoes at various times.

Capt R. L. Jeans
15 September 1952


- page 15 -

