The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card from October 19, 1952, documenting an observation in Selma, Alabama. The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 19 OCT 52
2. DATE/TIME OF OBSERVATION: 19/2000 EST
3. LOCATION: SELMA, ALA.
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Observed-Visual
5. SOURCE: Varied Civilians
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. COURSE: 1
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Bright object which left bright trail was observed by many civilian observers. Some sources believe phenomena to be high flying a/c leaving vapor trail which was illuminated by sunset.
9. CONCLUSIONS: Interesting report and a good on-the-spot analysis.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, dated October 9, 1952, regarding a reported unidentified flying object sighting near Selma, Alabama.

Air Intelligence Information Report
From: Commanding General, 9500th ATFU Pilot Instructors Detachment, Selma, Alabama    
To: Director of Intelligence, United States Air Force, Washington, D.C.
Subject: Unidentified Aerial Object, Selma, Alabama, 3 October 1952

The report details the sighting of an unidentified aerial object on October 3, 1952 near Selma, Alabama. It describes the object as having been seen for a period of several hours, with the object moving at speeds estimated to be between 2,000 and 4,000 mph. The object was reportedly observed at an altitude between 32,000 and 35,000 feet. The report notes that the object was "high speed" and "very evasive" in its movements. It also states that the object was first sighted at 7:30 PM and disappeared from view around 11:30 PM on the same day.

The report concludes by stating that the object was considered unusual because of its high speed, evasive maneuvers, and the length of time it was observed. It notes that the object did not conform to the characteristics of any known aircraft.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (OFFICE) HEADQUARTERS, 14315th PIS 
THE WACO GENERAL DEPOT 
WACO, TEXAS

DATE 16-7-52 (1952)

STATEMENT:

On 28 April 1952, I a civilian was driving along a road which intersected a highway near a local Texaco gas station, when I noticed an object in the sky at about 30 degrees elevation and about thirty degrees to the east of my position. The object appeared to be traveling at a very high speed and made no sound. It was brilliantly illuminated as if on fire. I watched the object for about thirty seconds as the brilliance gradually changed from red to yellowish-white.

I am the only one who saw this object, as my neighbor called to me while I was watching it. The observation took place at about 9:00 P.M.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's historical program for investigating UFO reports.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

STATEMENT: 
The following statement is submitted as required by AP Letter 200-5 dated 25 May 1951:

On 19 October 1952, at 6:30 P.M. CST, a witness observed an aerial object which seemed to be moving at a fast rate of speed in the sky over Selma, Alabama. The object was circular in shape and appeared to be about the size of a 50 cent piece held at arm's length. It was observed for about two minutes. At first it seemed to be one solid object, but after a short time it appeared to break up into two parts and the two parts separated, moving away from each other. The witness stated that the object gave off a bright white light and the vapor trail was very visible.

- page 4 -

