PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
   29,27,30 Aug 52

2. LOCATION
   Mexico

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
   Local
   Cn.T

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   ☒Ground-Visual   ☐Ground-Radar
   ☐Air-Visual     ☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
   ☐Yes
   ☒No

6. SOURCE
   From American consulate

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
   [Blank]

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
   [Blank]

9. COURSE
   [Blank]

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
    [Blank]

11. COMMENTS
    From American consulate

12. CONCLUSIONS
    ☐Was Balloon
    ☐Probably Balloon
    ☐Possibly Balloon
    ☐Was Aircraft
    ☐Probably Aircraft
    ☐Possibly Aircraft
    ☐Was Astronomical
    ☐Probably Astronomical
    ☐Possibly Astronomical
    ☐Other
    ☐Insufficient Data for Evaluation
    ☒Unknown


- page 1 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Mexico                                                                  IR-24-52

Unidentified Flying Objects
Mexico                                                Air Attaché, Mexico City, Mexico
10 September 1952                                    26, 27, and 29 August 1952     B-3
Col William K. Shaner, Air Attaché                   Press
IR-24-52, 23 Jul 52

Report forwards copies of letters from U. S. Consuls at Veracruz, Veracruz, and Tampico, Tamaulipas, together with newspaper clippings on the subject of flying discs observed in their respective areas.

APPROVED:

                    WILLIAM F. SHANER
                    Colonel, USAF
                    Air Attaché

1. Copy of ltr fr McDonald, Veracruz, 29 Aug 52 (1n cup) w/clippings fr El Dictamen,
   26 Aug 52, and (1952 data, 27 Aug 52
2. Copy of ltr fr McDonald, Tampico, 2 Sep 52 (1n dup) w/clipping fr El Mundo,
   31 Aug 52
3. Copy of ltr fr McDonald, Tampico, 29 Aug 52 (1n dup) w/clipping fr El Mundo,
   26 Aug 52

Amyda, WA & Embassy, Mexico City, Mexico; CO CAFMC, Albrook AFB, CG, Chief, ATIC,
Attn: AIAAZ6, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio (all w/circs 1-3, 1st only)

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Air Attached, Mexico City, Mexico     11-05-52         2     2

1. Forwarded herewith are copies of letters from U. S. Consuls at Veracruz, Merida, and Tampico, Guadalajara, on the subject of flying discs. It is believed that the letters were self-explanatory.

2. The 27 August 1952 newspaper clipping, dateline from Merida, 26 August, which is attached to this ______ Letter (Enclosure No. 1) may be briefly noted: with an 18 column story in El Peninsular, the correspondent, who was in Progreso, was told some details about a flying object which in size and shape was reported to have moved near some mobile units and a _______ record which was made by the correspondent. The object, a luminous object, oval in shape, with two small wings, cross the sky from west to east at 0530 hours on 20 August, and then pass over to a point near the installations of the Petróleos Mexicanos for a few instants. During those brief moments there occurred a loud buzzing sound and the object continued on its course, with a transformer, and amazing sound gradually disappearing as the strange object went off in the direction of the sea.

3. The 31 August clipping from the newspaper El Nuevo attached to Mr. Goodchild's covering letter (Enclosure No. 2) briefly mentioned a similar occurrence over the river area of Merida. Some persons, not more than 2 or 3 kilometers from the city, observed a flight disc about 1500 hours on 31 August to the north. Over the observers a large craft was seen, which was described as having a diameter of about 8 to 10 meters, though its tremendous distance from the earth it may have been much larger, silver in color, and completely still. Then about 1530 hours it was seen again lying from it to a point resolved for about 2 to 3 minutes and then changed course, flying rapidly, apparently that it had ventilated by the time one of the observers had reached the spot.

4. The 29 August clipping from the newspaper El Diario (Enclosure No. 3) may be briefly summarized as follows: early in the morning of 27 August, various persons over Chicxulub, in the zone near the previous one (which had been reported on the previous day), noticed a flying object which, in the shape of a sphere, bright, and silver, a large part of the coast and near the petroleum installations. The disc flew in a spiral, and after some time took off in a straight line, leaving the earth vanishing rapidly.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 3 -

THE FOREIGN SERVICE
OF THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

Address Official Communications to
AMERICAN CONSUL
Veracruz, Mexico, August 29, 1952.

The Honorable
William O'Dwyer,
American Ambassador,
American Embassy,
Mexico, D. F.

Sir:

Reference is made to the Embassy's Series II Circular No. 453, dated March 15, 1950 (Embassy File No. 122), on the subject "Flying Discs". In compliance with the provisions of that circular, the following information is given:

The Veracruz morning daily "El Dictamen" reported in today's edition (August 28), that a flying disc (plato volador) was seen yesterday over this city. It stated that the disc was larger and flew lower than those seen in other parts. The report is translated:

A flying plate blue-green in color and of an uncommon size compared with those seen in other places, passed over Veracruz yesterday morning at 2:10 a.m. with supersonic speed. Several persons who saw it are agreed that the size was that of the moon when this is in its fourth phase in mid-sky.

The version given by those who saw the flying plate is very important because it adds new data to those already accumulated in reference to these atmospheric phenomena, since there is not yet a satisfactory theory to explain them.

Our informants agree that the flying plate's passage was marked by a bussing sound, clearly perceptible, very similar to that made by a high voltage transmission when it is operating at full load.

The trajectory of the flying plate was from northwest to southwest and it passed over Veracruz in eight seconds before losing itself in the sea. Even after it had disappeared the hewing sound could be heard and there remained a tenuous greenish reflection.

1 IR 2548-X


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 2 -

The persons who saw the flying plate are very sensible and their opinion marks absolute consideration. There follows the story which others abidedly to this Gecias rations.

At 2:15 in the morning some persons who were in the streets either on route to their homes or taking the air, because it was very hot, heard a very strange humming or buzzing and saw a greenish plate. They looked at the sky and, on the morning was clear, they observed an elongated object, of a size similar to that of the half-moon yesterday in mid-sky. It traveled at tremendous speed in the direction of the sea.

The light of the flying plate was of a soft intensity, such as that produced by a neon gas tube, and in the first part there was a sort of light near of the same bluish-green as the principal part of the flying plate. The strange body performed no evolutions, but its trajectory was direct. Already mentioned and it disappeared over the horizon of the sea.

In so far as we know, only the watchman of the refinery at Poza Rica had informed that the passage of the plate was characterized by a buzzing sound, something which was confirmed yesterday by the volume in this port.

In the case of Poza Rica, simultaneously with the buzzing there were some phenomena in the high tension wires and in the transformers.

It is almost certain that the plate which passed over this port yesterday morning is one of those which have been seen, but at a lower altitude, in all parts of the world, because of its great size and its buzzing.

As data which may be important for the investigations which are being carried out, our informants added that at the depth of the horizon there was seen an intense storm which displayed itself in the form of strong and constant lightning.

The informants to this office and the staff heard or saw nothing of this phenomenon. The "suspense" could not have been very fast since Veracruz is approximately eight kilometers to northwest, and sixty kilometers per hour is not so fast. However, the matter is reported for what it is worth and there is enclosed an item from the same source about the Poza Rica vision.

Respectfully yours,
s/ Warren C. Stewart
Warren C. Stewart
American Consul

Enclosure:
Clipping.


- page 5 -

COPY

THE FOREIGN SERVICE
OF THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

American Consulate,
Tampico, Tampico, Mexico,
September 2, 1952

The Honorable
William O'Dwyer,
American Ambassador,
Mexico, D. F.

My Dear Mr. Ambassador:

Reference is made to the Consulate's letters
of August 26 and 28, 1952 containing newspaper clippings
about flying disks seen over Ciudad Madero, Tamaulipas.

There is enclosed a clipping from the Tampico
daily newspaper EL MUNDO of August 31, 1952, reporting
a flying disk said to have been seen over Tampico at
about 2 p.m. August 30.

Sincerely yours,
s/ K. M. Crockett
Kennedy M. Crockett
American Consul

Enclosure:
Clipping from the EL MUNDO, 8/31/52

[Stamped notation at bottom: 2 to 1R25V5*]


- page 6 -

THE FOREIGN SERVICE
OF THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

American Consulate,
Tampico, Tamps, Mexico,
August 28, 1952

The Honorable
William O'Dwyer,
American Ambassador,
Mexico, D. F.

My dear Mr. Ambassador:

Reference is made to the Consulate's letter of
August 28, 1952 enclosing newspaper clippings about a
flying disk seen on August 24, over Ciudad Madero, 
Tamaulipas.

There is enclosed a clipping from the Tampico
daily newspaper EL MUNDO of August 28, 1952 reporting
a flying disk seen over Ciudad Madero in the early
morning of August 27.

Sincerely yours,
s/ K. W. Crockett
Kenneth W. Crockett
American Consul

Enclosure:
Clipping from the EL MUNDO, 8/28/52


- page 7 -

21 - 24 AUGUST 1952 SIGHTINGS

LOCATION                       OBSERVER                       EVALUATION

Dallas, Texas
Cordova, Mississippi           (PHOTO)                       BALLOON
Davis-Monthan AFB, Arizona
(8/21/1952)                     Military                      BALLOON

Birmingham, Ala.
Baltimore, Maryland             Military                      BALLOON
Riverhead, N.Y.                 Military                      BALLOON
March AFB, California           Military                      BALLOON
Riverside AFB, Los
Angeles, D.C.                   Civilian                      INSUFFICIENT DATA
Parkdale, Maryland              Military                      BALLOON
Chillicothe, Mo.                Military                      UNIDENTIFIED OBJ
Salina, Kansas                  Military                      INSUFFICIENT DATA
(Pacific Coast)                 Military                      BALLOON

(BAD SIGHTING)
Salina, Calif.                  Civilian                      INSUFFICIENT DATA
Lake Charles, La.               Civilian                      INSUFFICIENT DATA
Del Rio, Texas                  Civilian                      UNIDENTIFIED
Yuma, Arizona                   Civilian                      INSUFFICIENT DATA
De Moss, Ohio                   Military                      BALLOON
Davis, California               Military                      INSUFFICIENT DATA
Akron, New York                 Military                      BALLOON

7PM-15,000' (east of Salina) military


- page 8 -

