The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a form with various fields filled out.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15 September 23 16/2015
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
10. CONCLUSION: Apparent 13 (Uncertain)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-to-air
7. COURSE: North
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
1. When did you see the object? 1_5 day, __2 month, _5 year
2. Time of day: 12:15 HOURS (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Redacted] 
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 1 hours 35 minutes 00 seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Dusk e. Just a trace of daylight f. No trace of daylight
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains a questionnaire or survey about the observer's sighting of a UFO.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, b. Several blocks away?, c. A block away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other _______

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? - (Circle One for each question) Yes, No, Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or fly away at any time? - Yes, No, Don't Know
c. Give off sparks or exploded? - Yes, No, Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? - Yes, No, Don't Know
e. Change brightness? - Yes, No, Don't Know
f. Change shape? - Yes*, No, Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? - Yes, No, Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? - (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what _______

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? - (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what _______

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following: - (Circle One) a. Eyeglasses - Yes, No, b. Sun glasses - Yes, No, c. Windshield - Yes, No, d. Window glass - Yes, No, e. Binoculars - Yes, No, f. Telescope - Yes, No, g. Other - Yes, No

- page 3 -

The image contains two hand-drawn sketches of what appear to be UFO or flying object shapes. The first sketch shows an object with a circular or disc-shaped body and two protrusions that could be interpreted as wings or appendages. The second sketch shows a more irregular, asymmetric shape with multiple smaller elements.

16. NOISE
17. RUSTY-COLORED
18. The shape of the object were:
(Circle One) Dull or cloudy c. Metallic-looking
(Circle One) Circular d. Other
19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? TWO
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing text and form fields.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. ______________ feet.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin b. Pen c. Dime d. Nickel e. Quarter f. Half dollar g. Silver dollar h. Baseball i. Grapefruit j. Basketball k. Other ____________
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22. a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? IT JUST WENT OUT OF SIGHT
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which were about the same size and appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a series of questions and answers.

As requested, here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would output it:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. On the sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Driving car

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 50 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One)
Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was elevated from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 90 degrees.
b. From horizon 20 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 90 degrees. 
b. From horizon 5-10 degrees.

- page 6 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with an object above the horizon, and asks the viewer to imagine how high the object was above the horizon when they first saw it. The second sketch shows two larger images, with a person shown at "A" and "B" to depict the positions where the object was first seen. There are no photographs present in this image.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at the position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about the weather conditions, sighting details, and the observer's opinion on the observed object.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear, b. Hazy, c. Scattered or broken clouds, d. Solid or heavy clouds, e. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): a. No wind, b. Slight breeze, c. Breezy wind, d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold, b. Cool, c. Warm, d. Hot, e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ????? feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]  
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
What is your present job? AERO RESEARCHER FOR USARC
Age 30
Sex M
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 17 DEC 1953

- page 9 -

