Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
11 July 59 11/0652

2. LOCATION
Godman AFB, Kentucky

3. SOURCE
Military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 hours 15' approx

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Visual Camera

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
Yes
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No

10. CONCLUSION
Unresolved (w/n o)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Control tower operator at Godman tower was attracted to a flying object, apparently stationary or object no. of him. Since the object was stationary, he called several pilots to take several pictures with ATIC video camera. Object was 7 to 10 deg above horizon, slightly left. Venus 15 deg. Mars 7 deg NW 11 deg below horizon. Jupiter 4 hrs 17 min. alt horizon.

Most MSgt source stated at the object was probably a scud, but could not explain color, atmospheric haze, etc. Stated object remained stationary approx 45 min. at 10-15 deg above horizon, could see object at marginal ground visual. Faded away. Venus that is that.

FTD SEP 63 0-529 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: 11 July 1953

Object observed appeared to be as 90 ft. first glance. Through Binoculars it looked like a star giving off red flashes. It not for its unnatural flashing it would have been unnoticed or accepted as a common star.


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
11 July 1953

2. Time of day: 0053
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Godman TOWER   ET. KNOB   Kentucky

5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 3 25 
(Hours) (Minutes) (Seconds)

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember


- page 3 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other: RELATIVELY 15 MILES NE

11. Did the object:
a. Appear no stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, shoot, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):
a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass  Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other:


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: NO SOUND COULD BE HEARD
    b. Color: CRYSTAL WITH ELECTRIC RED

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. On one beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    IT APPEARS TO BE A STAR WITH FLASHING RED LIGHT.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                 b. Like a bright star ✓
                 c. Sharp or pointed
                 d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ONLY ONE
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

REMAINED IN A STATIONARY POSITION.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
[Blank line]

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Hand of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other:

22.1 (Circle One of the following to Indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
[Three blank lines]

24. In order that you give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

UNABLE TO ASSIST


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: Del. Countryside, Hanging

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Scanning The skies. Air Plane passed. This
and I noticed what I thought at the another of same
somewhere else. Faint plus of Pointed, was slow speed.

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East             e. South
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest        g. West
                                        h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East             e. South
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest        g. West
                                        h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East             e. South
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest        g. West
                                        h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 70 degrees.
b. From horizon 20 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 7 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
11     July     1953
Day     Month     Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Addresses are redacted/blacked out]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
A STAR UNDER GOING A CHANGE OF SOME KIND


- page 9 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [No text entered]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 15-20 MILES

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]

ADDRESS [Partially visible] Godman AFB Ft. Knox Ky.

TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]

What is your present job? [Redacted]
Age 19   Sex MALE

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school: [blank]
b. High school: [blank]
c. College: [blank]
d. Post graduate: [blank]
e. Technical school: Congers Tech. Voc. H.S.
(Type) Administrative Tech Course

f. Other special training: [blank]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 16   July   1957
    Day     Month    Year


- page 10 -

