Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
8 July 53 8/1000Z

2. SOURCE
Civilian

3. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Hours

5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

6. COURSE
SE

7. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒No

8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒No

2. LOCATION
Colville, Washington

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (ATIC)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Member of a CG post observed an object for 7 hours that looked like a star.

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

The Statesman
COLVILLE, WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1953

Examiner
Official City and County Paper    10 Cents    18 PAGES

Flying Saucer Watched from Colville's Observation Tower

Strange Object in Sky Monday Morning
Witnessed by Three People

Three Colville skywatch reporters seeing a flying saucer in the skies early Wednesday morning. They are Mrs. Gerald Willett and Mrs. John Link, on the 4 to 6 p.m. shift at the watch tower, and James Kohlstedt, who relieved them at 6 p.m.

The women said they first saw the phenomenon "a few minutes after going on watch and that they watched it almost continuously for two hours.

It did not remain stationary but moved about in a narrow arc several miles east and northeast of the town. It looked like a small disk and resembled a star, said the women, except that it remained in the sky after sunrise.

Kohlstedt said the women called his attention to the object when he went on watch at 6 a.m.

"I watched it for a little while," said Kohlstedt. "At times it seemed to shoot off in a southeasterly direction. Finally it disappeared and I didn't see it any more."

The object seemed to be about the size of a half-dollar and was shiny. "I'm sure it wasn't a star. I have no idea what it might have been."

The women said they reported it to the Spokesman Citizen and answered several questions were unanswered. "We just wanted to get excited about it."

There have been several instances of "flying saucers" reported in this area, but this is the first time the same object has been reported by more than one person.

The two-hour observance by three reliable witnesses does little to solve the riddle of the "saucers." But it does verify beyond doubt that there are strange objects in the sky.

The skywatch observers were asked if they thought it might have been a weather balloon. All expressed doubt. The object seemed to move against the wind rather than with it, and remained in the sky for several more than two hours.

The area in which the object was seen is a "dip" in the horizon between Old Dominion mountain and Calispel peak. Skywatch observers are familiar with the outline as is an excellent place to "spot" planes coming in from the east.


- page 2 -

TWO MORE VIEWED
"FLYING SAUCERS"

Another authenticated case of a flying saucer came to light this week when Mrs. A. Thomsen, county coordinator of ground observer corps, told of seeing one the evening of July 8 at a point about five miles southeast of Valley while he and his wife and her mother Mrs. Alma B. Blofson of Seattle were returning to Colville from Spokane.

"The object was about five miles southeast of Valley and about two miles easterly from the highway," said Thomsen. "It appeared to be traveling southeast at about 5000 feet altitude. The speed was approximately that of an air force jet."

"This object was characterized by a dazzling reflection of sunlight. The sun was low and the object caught light and reflected it with the brilliance of a mirror."

"It was brighter than the reflection from the light metal used on our plane. There were no wings or other protruding parts."

Thomsen said his mother-in-law, riding with him in the front seat, also saw the object but Mrs. Thomsen was along in the back seat and did not see it.

After phoning into the chairman of the road for a better look, said Thomsen, the object continued to vanish rapidly without gaining altitude.

Thomsen added that he forwarded a summary of his observations to an agency in Dayton, Ohio, which has noted for well authenticated cases instances of aerial phenomena. For this he received a so-called "flying saucer" or other object in May or the same year.

The address is:
Unidentified Aerial Objects
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Note:
The observation I reported in the article of 17 July, could be explained by assuming that a distant plane ignited a magnesium flare, attached to a wing tip.

KEEP
BREAK

VOL VI


- page 3 -

