1. DATE - TIME GROUP
24 Jan 53 24/0650Z

2. LOCATION
Suwon, Korea

3. SOURCE
Airman

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-5 sec.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
East

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
PROBABLY AIRCRAFT

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Two round shaped glowing whitish silver objects traveled at a high rate of speed in a gentle climb disappearing into le clouds.

COMMENTS: Two jet a/c were flying in area at the time of sighting & it is fairly certain that observer saw these a/c which were at a high alt.
1. A 2nd interrogation was made of the observer it was found his estimate of speed was unreliable.
2. At high alt it is difficult to determine the shape of a/c.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(The text appears to be a series of UFO sighting reports from different locations, with dates, times, and brief descriptions. Due to some slight illegibility, I'll transcribe as accurately as possible)

ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO, 20° 30', JAN 16, 1953. A brief observation of a bright object...

(Subsequent entries include reports from various locations such as)

HOUSTON, TEXAS, 14° 20', JAN 21, 1953. (Partial text visible)

AUSTRALIA, 35° 16', JAN 20, 1953. 2150 to 2155 P.M. A bright white...

(The document appears to be a compilation of UFO sighting reports from different dates and locations, with specific details about time, location, and brief observations of unidentified flying objects.)


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

2

[The rest of the text appears to be a series of entries with dates, times, and locations, but due to the image quality, some parts are difficult to read completely. The document seems to be a log or report of various sightings or events, likely related to military observations.]

Some legible fragments include:
- Dates like JAN 23 1953
- References to locations like CALIFORNIA
- Times noted in format like 7:55 PM
- Mentions of altitudes and observations

However, significant portions of the text are partially illegible or cut off due to the image quality and scanning resolution.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are partially illegible due to image quality, so I will transcribe what I can clearly read]

A [top left corner]

[First paragraph partially legible]
...near field, Capt. Patton
...was way to Korea...
...the experience...
...time in total...
...vertical...

[Middle paragraphs have more legible text, but still some words are unclear]
...observation of object besides north 75 degrees later...

[Bottom paragraphs are more readable]
43. Suwon, South Carolina. 10th, 95°, Alt. 25 1953. 1100-1140. A farmer
[rest of last paragraph is mostly legible but contains some unclear words]

There is also a hand-drawn map/diagram on the right side of the document with some locations and lines marked, but as instructed, I will not describe the map details.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

2 [page number]

[First paragraph is partially illegible, but begins with text about something being estimated and something about 12 feet]

[Middle paragraphs are dense and mostly legible but difficult to fully transcribe without potential errors]

[Bottom section contains multiple entries, including:]

Scout Executive
Sights Saucer
Above Oak Creek

Winslow Man,
2 Sons Watch
Flying Saucer

[At the bottom of the page are two identical stamps/signatures that read "Piggott AFB, Ark. Date Svc"]

The text is dense and some portions are difficult to fully transcribe with complete accuracy. The document appears to be a Project Blue Book UFO sighting report from 1953, located in Suwon, Korea, based on the filename context.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

12                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 6 -

The review would like the text from the document. Here is the OCR output:

[Note: Due to the image quality, some parts of the text are partially illegible or cut off. I will reproduce what I can clearly read:]

12 [page number]

[First paragraph, partially legible:]
"... review would like the ... statistical data ... and extra magnetic articles by ... who ... and not to ... these ... and not in their entirety."

[The document appears to contain multiple columns of names and locations, but many are partially cut off or illegible.]

[A longer paragraph at the bottom of the page begins:]
"We are especially happy to ... collection of ... for ... which will be useful in ... collection of ... mostly important of ... basis of ... useful in tracing local reports not given ..."

[At the bottom of the page are more lists of names, many partially cut off]

The image quality makes complete and accurate OCR challenging. Large portions of text are difficult to read with full confidence.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

CREDIT SECTION - NEWSPAPER PERMISSION TO REPRINT

We would like to thank the following newspaper for permission to reprint:
1 CHICAGO TIMES - Chicago, Ill. - Aug 26, 52 report
2 MIAMI DAILY NEWS - Miami, Fla. - July 31, 52
3 PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER - Aug 26, 52 report
4 UNITED FEATURE SYNDICATE - Aug 26, 52 report
5 STANTON REGISTER - Aug. 26, report, U.S.A. Times - Jan. 30, 53

We would like to continue to use newspaper articles from the following sources:
Foreign reports, and arrange with local papers, wire services, Canadian
articles for their help. In particular, English, Finnish and Spanish
translations would be useful. We extended special thanks to the news
translators who have been very helpful in translating foreign reports.

COPIES WITH TYPEWRITTEN NOTES - PERIOD JULY-DEC 1952

Very large newspaper research to exemplify study in series. (a) Typing for
better understanding of the research for further clarification. (b) Noting
the clippings, (c) filing clippings by date, location, source, (d) noting
the clippings, and (k) carefully checking sources from cross references for citing
in review files. By these means we hope to get details ready for progress
reports later out, and possibly more debates by observers to illustrate each
article or report. Further work can be done through extra careful checking.

1 UTAH JACKSON - SOUTH CAROLINA
2 MARGARET MALLORY - NEW YORK

BACK ISSUES OF REVIEW

There are at present no back issues of the series available. If a large
number of requests come in, we may be able to reprint some of the past issues.

SPECIAL FEATURE - ATTEMPTED AERIAL ATTACK ON TEXAS OIL SHIP

Background: The Aug. 1952 period was probably the most interesting
period of recent reports. It was a period of general interest in flying
saucers allegedly seen landing, or hovering as if about to land. Of equally
great interest in that period of these sightings were attempts of an
unknown aircraft to attack or interfere with a ship at sea. The details
of interest in the GULF OF MEXICO along the sightings, reporting the
possibility there was an attempted attack on the ship, and the subsequent
investigation, and strengthening their view that were authentic reports made
this interesting period memorable.

These reports, one of such interest, will possibly improve, at the
device will give a special friction on the method of investigation. The
Gulf of Mexico incident, reported by several sources including the Golden
City, Texas report that some object similar in several details.

Ultimately, the key to the whole problem will be the accounts of the
witnesses, their reliability, and the details of the character. The accounts
of the witnesses will be the key to the solution. If the accounts are
investigated fully by their details, is this were the case, perhaps would
be a more significant progress. The report gives a good view of the world
wide interest, the worldwide concern, and the worldwide investigation. The
investigator should look only at the report. How report now made will help
to see how the reports can be made more useful in the future. The report
might a valuable paper like 30 published in other countries.


- page 8 -

1953 OFF THE COAST OF U.S.A. (KEYHOE-1960 P266) 3+ WITNESSES

ONE DAY IN 1953, A SQUADRON OF NAVY AD-3-5a CARRIER-BASED, WAS PRACTICING OFFSHORE COMBAT MANEUVERS, AS THE PLANES PERFORMED AN ENORMOUS ROCKET-SHAPED OBJECT SWOOPED DOWN OVER THEM. SWIFTLY DECLINING TO THEIR SPEED, IT LEVELED OFF A THOUSAND FEET ABOVE THE SQUADRON, OBVIOUSLY FOR CLOSE OBSERVATION.

THE SQUADRON COMMANDER RADIOED A HASTY ORDER. QUICKLY THE PILOTS SPREAD OUT. FOLLOWED HIM AS HE CLIMBED AT FULL THROTTLE TOWARD THE GIANT OBJECT.

THE HUGE THING TURNED SHARPLY, ITS TAIL POINTED AWAY FROM THE ZOOMING PLANES, THEN WITH A TREMENDOUS BURST OF POWER, IT SHOT INTO THE SKY, VANISHING IN SECONDS.


- page 9 -

25 - 31 JANUARY 1953 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER           EVALUATION

25      Pinewood South Carolina                 [Redacted]         A/C
25      Sampson AB, New York                    [Redacted]         A/C
26      Rarette, Wisconsin                      [Redacted]         Astro (STAR/PLANET)
26      Continental Divide Lam, New Mexico      Visual             Astro (VENUS)
                                                Ground (RADAR)     VK

26      Alaska                                  Not Stated         Insufficient Data
27      March AFB, California                   Military Air       Insufficient Data
27      Mather AFB, California                  [Redacted]         Balloon
27      Cottonwood, Arizona                     [Redacted]         A/C
27      Tucson, Arizona                         [Redacted]         Astro (METEOR)
27      Davenport, Iowa                         [Redacted]         Astro (VENUS)
27      Stuttgart, Germany                      Military Air       Astro (STAR/PLANET)
                                                                   Astro (STAR/PLANET)
                                                                   Unidentified

28      Point Mugu, California                  FSIA               Other (UNRELIABLE RPT)
28      St Georges, Delaware                    [Redacted]         Insufficient Data
28      Patrick AFB, Florida                    Not Reported       Unidentified
28      Corona, California                      [Redacted]         Unidentified
28      Albany Georgia Area                     Ground Visual      Astro (VENUS)
                                                Air Visual         Astro (VENUS)
                                                Ground (RADAR)     Unidentified

28      Grand Island, Nebraska                  Ground Visual      Astro (VENUS)
28      North Platte, Nebraska                  Ground Visual      Astro (VENUS)
28      Mitchell AFB, New York                  Air Visual         Astro (METEOR)
28      Dahlgren, Va-Philadelphia, Pa           Multiple           Astro (METEOR)
28      Patrick AFB, Florida                    Not Stated         Other (CLOUD)
29      Zouleton, Maine                         Military Air       Astro (VENUS)
29      Malibu Beach, California                Military Air       A/C
29      Conway, South Carolina                  [Redacted]         A/C (Navy Blimp)
31      Pettanan, Philippines                   Civilian           Astro (METEOR)
31      Albuquerque, New Mexico                 [Redacted]         Insufficient Data
31      Lexington, Kentucky                     [Redacted]         Astro (METEOR)


- page 10 -

AF FORM 112-PART 1
UNCLASSIFIED

Location: Korea
Subject: Unidentified Flying Objects
K-13, Suwon, Korea

Date of Information: 24 January 1953
Date of Report: 26 January 1953

By: 1st Lt. Robert M. Whitaker, USAF
Information Received: Msg, Hq 5th AF, APO 925, subj: Reporting Unidentified Flying Objects, dated 5 March 1952

On 24 January 1953, 1530L, in the vicinity of K-13, Suwon, Korea, source observed two (2) unidentified flying objects for a period of three (3) to five (5) seconds.

Source stated objects were found, approximately twelve (12) to fourteen (14) inches in diameter, slightly convex and flat. Flying source was unable to estimate speed but declared objects were hovering, constant, no peculiar features, trails or exhaust, or sound were noted. Objects disappeared either into a cloud or at high altitude.

At the time of sighting, one element of two (2) F-86s made in the flight pattern to the south of the observer and another aircraft of unidentified type was on its left at low altitude. No unusual meteorological conditions prevailed at time of sighting.

Signed:
FRANK L. HENZ, JR.
Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence
Hq Fifth Air Force

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112—PART II                                        UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Hq, 8th Ftr Bmp Gp, APO 970                     24-1-53                                 PAGE    2    of    2    PAGES

1. On 24 January 1953, 1530, in the vicinity of K-13, Suwon, Korea (37°15' N 127°00' E), source observed two (2) unidentified flying objects for a period of three (3) to five (5) seconds.

2. Source stated objects were round, approximately twelve (12) to fourteen (14) inches in diameter, moving a trail in a gentle climb. These disks appeared to the observer to be convex, with a dark line or shadow traceable. Source stated no exhaust or contrails but stated objects were moving considerably faster than B-26 type aircraft with no sound noted. Approximately four (4) to six (6) objects were noted. Source stated objects disappeared either into or behind clouds.

3. Manner of Observation was visual from ground. Source estimated objects were about four (4) miles from him, altitude unknown, flying in a straight line from West to East.

4. At time of sighting, source was working at the railhead at K-13 and was facing East. Objects were at an elevation of approximately 45 degrees from observer. One element of two (2) B-26's were in the field, pattern to the right of the observer and another aircraft of unknown type was on his left at low altitude.

5. Source is unknown to reporting officer. On second interrogation the day following his initial report source altered his description of the objects. His statement of speed and time of observation are estimated to be unreliable. No other witnesses to this observation are known.

6. Weather and wind conditions at time and place of sighting, in teletype sequence, are as follows:
    a. 1555T 210 BKRN 154 199/13/28 WSW 12 1010

7. One (1) white weather balloon was released at K-13 at 1230T; no other balloons are known to have been in the area. No unusual meteorological conditions were noted.

8. No radar intercept is known. No interception or identification action was taken.

COMMENTS OF REPORTING OFFICER:

S/S prepared to be of limited importance with aircraft although seemingly familiar with the various types landing at K-13. A previously noted, his estimate of distances and time were unreliable. Copies of "Stars and Stripes" carrying an article in "Flying capers" at closest distributed at K-13 on the day of source's observation; source stated he had read the article after making his initial statement to reporting officer.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEARS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YRS
DOD DIR 5200.10                                    ROBERT M. WHITAKER
                                                    1st Lt., USAF
                                                    Intelligence Officer

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1958

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
                                                        UNCLASSIFIED

Hq, 5th Ftr Bur Gp, APO 970                           IR-1-53                           PAGE 3 OF 3

COMMENT of the Approving Officer:

A check by this Directorate of the observation mentioned in this M.R. resulted
in a comment being made by a member of Lt. Colonel TA, SMITH, who was located
at K-13 at the time of the reported sighting.

Two pilots completed 100 missions this day and made passes across
the field. Two additional pilots made passes across the field, one
believing, completing a 100 mission, was other celebrating a "kill".
The exact time of these flights is unknown, however, the first two aircraft flew over just at lunch time, and the latter two flew for at
approximately 1500/1. During these maneuvers, the aircraft at times
appeared on radar as silver dots. If an observer in the follow
those aircraft through the complete maneuver, it would have been almost
impossible to tell what they were.

This Directorate believes it possible at the source may have seen the latter
two F-86 aircraft when they were some distance from the field. (RESTRICTED)

J.W.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS,
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 13 -

II. Recently Project Blue Book sent five of the best unsolved 1953 sightings to Dr. H. P. Robinson, California Institute of Technology, for his review and comment. The sightings included Lake AEC, Continental Divide, Sea of Japan, and Port Huron, Michigan.

III. The system of transmitting NICNIPS to McMillan Observatory with the possibility of identifying them as astronomical bodies is working out well. Their system was instrumental in identifying the object of the Burlington, Wisconsin, sighting as well as establishing the possibility that the planet Venus has been the cause for all the sightings coming from Japan in recent months.

Lt R.H. Olsson
ATIC-5


- page 14 -

Cases in Air Force Files

5 copies per $1.00
10 copies per $1.50
Available to NICAP members
Make check or money order
payable to NICAP, mailing
is the first civilian
research magazine

FLYING SAUCER
REVIEW
G.P.O. BOX 829
BROOKLYN 1, NY

#7 Issue for January 1953
Edited: Gordon Llewellyn
Mailed: 15 Jan 1953, first
metal. All typographical
errors are corrected. Copies
in this issue contributed
by: Gordon Llewellyn

POLICY
Efforts of Aircraft, military, intelligence, newsmen, witnesses, housewives, radar Air Inventions, and similar impractical lines till now, to explain the presence of one or more extra-terrestrial races. Standards for judging reports are under review.

CONTENTS
Section 1 - Listing of all reports in chronological order and comments.
Section 2 - Special features and interpretive reporting.
Section 3 - Issues will cover several alleged landings or battle attempts
Section 4 - Breakup of reports for possible pattern of behavior.
Section 5 - Collating all newspapers and persons with siting research.

PREFACE (OR GENERAL NOTES)
Attempts: All are "saucer", none circular only a dozen flying wing types
Altitude: 1000 to 20,000 feet, most reports near ground level. Velocity
only at local wind speed; cannot sharply measure; is not silvery.

Missing: The first few climax reports, all areas from 1 to 2 weeks after
sightings.

JAN. 1953 - Section 1 Flying Saucer Reports
In just an eyewitness integrity or critical ability from a small raw
glimpse, printed arrival thousands miles away on an object. However, the
aim seems that most witnesses are ordinary people, not inclined to accept
public explanation and statements for their usually miraculous nature.
It does not mean they are mistaken or lying about what they observed.
It does not present. Those who play hoaxes, are too imaginative, or try
to attract attention, can usually be spotted by reports from their own
area of the U.S. and not from other countries. Their reports usually
observed in the review, but eyewitness reports will be welcomed for our
files.)

[Several additional paragraphs continue but are partially illegible]


- page 15 -

Here is the text I can extract from the document:

"Something in the Skies'
Bewilders Viewers Here"

The document contains a diagram with labels:
- Blue Green
- Bright White
- Bright White
- Dark

At the bottom of the diagram it says: "Shape color of object"

The rest of the text is partially illegible due to the image quality, with only fragments of text visible. The document appears to be a newspaper or report page discussing an unidentified flying object sighting.


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

3 WILLIAMS, TEXAS, 39°, 96°, JAN 4, 1953, 1030-1100 A.M. At 1 1/2 A. altitude, 
observed an unidentified flying object which was stationary, in NW sky, a 
bright white light. Remained stationary for 5 minutes. Then it moved upward then a 
circular arc for 5 minutes. Then it moved upward then a 90 pattern for next 5 
minutes. It now appeared stationary. Suddenly, and changed then may course, 
went out of sight. Total observation time was 15 minutes. Unidentified.

Altitude was 1000 ft. Azimuth was 315°. Unidentified.

Aircraft CAA observer watched at 31,000 feet, and in 3 minutes to bat 
altitude saw a round, white, and bright object stationary near to 1000 feet, 
and was barely visible. Pilots who had gathered to control tower, estimated 
its speed at 200-300 mph. Object was also observed by another ground observer. 
Unidentified. It was a white, star, also by ground. Unidentified. Pilot who saw 
it was a Navy flyer 1st Lt. and was about 15 miles from the point of sighting. 
Azimuth from point of ground sighting was 315°. Unidentified. Sighting was 
made, according to CAA observer, from 31,000 ft. altitude. Unidentified.

At 6 P.M. NEW ZEALAND, 39°, 174°, JAN 4, 1953, 1010 P.M. A brilliant 
white, settled ball moved steadily. Unidentified. Moved west to east. Observed from 
an airfield.

4 NEW ZEALAND, 39°, 174°, (105 miles southeast), JAN 4, 1953, 
6:10 P.M. A brilliant light yellowish a blighted point-like, slightly colored 
a burst of several-like flares, appeared to a higher altitude, slightly 
above the horizon. Unidentified. Moved from west to east.

5 PUKEKOHE, NEW ZEALAND, 37°, 174°, JAN 4, 1953, 1010 P.M. 2 objects, one present, 
one past. Brilliant light, one stationary, one moving. Stationary object was 
whether all 4 seconds are caused to the same object, but the observers in 
either of these 2 would indicate it was more violent. The trailing flare 
would indicate it was not a meteor. However, the time usually takes to trail. 
Unidentified. The object was bright, white, and was traveling the same direction 
as the other object. Unidentified. Observers were of the same type.

6 WANGANUI, NEW ZEALAND, 40°, 175°, JAN 4, 1953, 1020 P.M. A brilliant 
light, white, stationary object, accompanied with a small white light. 
Unidentified. Lasted only 4 seconds, then disappeared. It hovered for 
10 minutes.

7 WELLINGTON, NEW ZEALAND, 41°, 174°, JAN 4, 1953. Portion A. medium 
silvery ball-like object hovered stationary in sky. It was observed by 
several people from different points. Unidentified. Portion B. was pointed 
out by a school boy, who was walking home.

8 STRATFORD, TEXAS, 34°, 98°, JAN 4, 1953. Portion A. A medium distance 
unidentified flying object was observed. It made a brighter point or circle 
of light in its appearance from the west, started at a road near Stratford. 
Portion B. Moved in a westerly direction. Unidentified. A red glow accompanied 
it. Portion C. Moved in a westerly direction. A red glow accompanied with 
unidentified details. Portion D. Moved in a westerly direction. Unidentified 
this period. Observed by a high school boy. Letters perspective more details 
from their parent. Weather there 3 degrees, wind from the southwesterly 
direction at 10 miles per hour. Unidentified. Portion E. Supplementary 
or near or under known in investigative reports. Unidentified. Portion F. 
or near or under known in investigative reports. Unidentified. Historical 
record of a red circular with blinking flashes. Unidentified. Portion G. 
report of a red circular with blinking flashes. Unidentified. Portion H. 
report of a red circular with blinking flashes. Unidentified. Portion I. 
report of a red circular with blinking flashes. Unidentified. Portion J. 
report of a red circular with blinking flashes. Unidentified. Portion K. 
report of a red circular with blinking flashes. Unidentified. Portion L. 
report of a red circular with blinking flashes. Unidentified. Portion M. 
report of a red circular with blinking flashes. Unidentified. Portion N. 
report of a red circular with blinking flashes. Unidentified. Portion O. 
report of a red circular with blinking flashes. Unidentified. Portion P. 
report of a red circular with blinking flashes. Unidentified. Portion Q. 
report of a red circular with blinking flashes. Unidentified. Portion R. 
report of a red circular with blinking flashes. Unidentified.


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

4 Saucers Reported
in Formation; Jet
Pilot Chases Fifth

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to the image quality, but I can make out some fragments of text from the top and middle sections of the document. However, I cannot confidently reproduce those sections without potentially introducing errors.]

There is also a partially visible article titled "Spring Tonic" by Robert C. Ruark on the right side of the page.

The document appears to be a newspaper or report page related to a UFO sighting involving jet pilots, with multiple saucers being reported in formation.


- page 18 -

