PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 26 Feb 53 27/0545Z
2. LOCATION: San Antonio, Texas
3. SOURCE: military
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 hr 15 min
[strikethrough: 1 hr 15 min]
[handwritten: NOT 45 SECS]
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: ground visual
7. COURSE: East
8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes [X] No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [ ] Yes [ ] No
10. CONCLUSION: 2 Possible Aircraft
1. Possible Balloon
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Obj appeared to be a light larger than a star, and orange in color. It emitted no sound and climbed out of sight. Later it was observed to travel toward the SW at a faster speed and a lower altitude.

FORM FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

UNCLASSIFIED

[stamp: redacted]
[handwritten: Multipl6]                                                   16

HEADQUARTERS
BROOKS AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS

DOT 319.1                                    4 March 1953

SUBJECT: Report on Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Director of Intelligence
    DSC/O
    Headquarters, USAF
    Washington 25, D.C.

[handwritten: 36/0345 Brooks AFB, Texas]

1. In accordance with letter, Hq USAF, AFOIN-C/OC-2, subject: Reporting of Information on Unidentified Flying Objects, dated 19 Dec 51, the following information is submitted concerning an observation of an unidentified flying object. Information in sub-paragraphs below is in the same order as par 4d of referenced letter.

a. A bright light was observed coming from the south-west to the north. This was the first reported sighting. A short time later two lights were seen in an oval flight pattern from south to north. All observers stated that objects disappeared to the south-west or south. No sound was heard at anytime. One observer stated that the light varied from a dull red to very bright. No estimate of size was given except that light was larger than usual star. One observer estimated the speed as 900 miles per hour. All other observers just said very fast.

b. Objects were sighted from 2345 26 February to 0100 27 February 1953.

c. Objects were observed visually from the ground.

d. Observations were made from Brooks Air Force Base. Altitude was stated as very high. No estimate in feet was made.

e. Objects were observed by 1st Lt [REDACTED], S/Sgt [REDACTED], S/Sgt [REDACTED], S/Sgt [REDACTED], A/1c [REDACTED], A/2c [REDACTED], A/2c [REDACTED], S/Sgt [REDACTED]. Reliability of their statements (attached) is unknown.

f. Brooks AFB 2300-0100 hours weather sequence [illegible]:
015  185/55/47[illegible]-7/008
015  179/54/49 X 5/600

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

STATEMENT

Upon completion of a tour of duty from 1600 to 2400 27 February 1953, I left the building in which I had just been relieved from duty when an officer and several airmen who were standing outside brought to my attention what they considered to be a flying saucer. I looked up and saw a light moving over the field on a heading of east. I said to the men that it was probably a weather instrument of some kind from Kelly Air Force Base. I took a few more steps toward my automobile and then decided to have another look. The object seemed to be at high altitude and it was picking up speed in a climb. Its size appeared to be slightly larger than the average star and its color had more of an orange that similar to the exhaust from a B-25 when the mixtures are too rich. The thing was that there was absolutely no sound involved from the object as it crossed the sky. The weather was crystal clear at this time. The surface winds were calm. The object continued climbing until it went out of sight. I got into my car and drove approximately one block when I was stopped by a group of men standing out in the street pointing toward the sky. I stopped the car and got out for a look. At this time the object, I am assuming that was the same one that I saw before, came across the field on a heading of south-west at what appeared to be a faster speed and at a lower altitude. I say at a lower altitude because it appeared to be at least twice as big as it was before. The color was the same and still there were no conventional engine, jet or prop sound. The object continued its flight across the sky until it disappeared and I decided to go to Base Operations and report what I had seen. There was no one at operations to handle the report so I initiated a small investigation on my own to see if what I had seen could be explained. I called Kelly Air Force Base Operations and asked if they had any traffic in the air. He said that they had a couple of conventional type aircraft in the local area. I then called flight service in Austin and made a report of the sighting and requested if they had any jet aircraft in the vicinity of San Antonio and he said that there was some jet traffic in the vicinity of Waco but none in the San Antonio area. I then called Kelly for a verification of what he had told me before and he stated that they had contacted one of their local aircraft and that he had seen nothing unusual and that it was perfect flying weather. I called the Base Officer of the Day and was instructed to make a formal report in the morning. I first saw the object at 0002 27 February and when I got home at 0100, I decided to call Randolph Air Force Base and see if they had any information that might help with an explanation. Randolph operations stated that they had not had any aircraft activity during this period.

[1st Lt REDACTED]

- page 3 -

UNCLASSIFIED

[stamp: redacted]
[handwritten: 81N-2A]

DOT 319.1  Report on Unidentified Flying Objects

f. There appeared to be no activity or condition, meteorological or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

h. There is no physical evidence of the sighting.

i. There was no interception or identification as this headquarters was not notified at that time.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

[signature]
CARL R. SILVERTON
1ST LT
USAF
Adjutant

7 Incls
Statement from Lt [REDACTED]
Statement from S/Sgt [REDACTED]
Statement from S/Sgt [REDACTED]
Statement from S/Sgt [REDACTED]
Statement from A/1c [REDACTED]
Statement from A/2c [REDACTED]
Statement from S/Sgt [REDACTED]

Info copies to:

Commanding General
Continental Air Command
Mitchel Air Force Base, New York

Commanding General
Fourteenth Air Force
Robins Air Force Base, Georgia

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

STATEMENT

On the night of 27 February 1953 I saw an unidentified object in the sky. The object seemed to be extremely high with a steady large light on it. When first I saw this object it was coming from the south-west and seemed to be moving at a tremendous speed. It would go along for a couple of seconds and then seemed to shoot to the left and then to the right. In one minute it had gone so far that I had lost sight of it. Then it would return and come back from the north-east going toward south south-west. It seemed to have a red glare to it. But the most amazing thing was the steady large light and the height and speed it traveled.

[S/Sgt REDACTED]

- page 5 -

STATEMENT

It was about 23:40 on the 27th of February 1953 when my way to work I spotted a single bright light moving at a high rate of speed. At first I thought it to be a star or meteor, but it did not move fast enough or at random like a shooting star. It first appeared in the south-west and was traveling north and made a definite pattern of flight as it circled the moon. At short intervals a mate to the object could be seen a short ways behind it. (They continued to circle the moon in a large oval with the longer parts of the oval to the north and south.) Visibility was perfect and at no time did clouds obstruct the view. There was only one light on each object and it appeared to be very bright yet very far away. The night was too clear and I am not capable of stating altitude although my estimate of speed was close to 900 miles per hour as compared to the jet aircraft I have seen. The object flew in a quivering sort of way as it wiggled back and forth in flight. There was no sound and the last I saw was when they were heading south in the direction where they were first sighted.

[S/Sgt REDACTED]

- page 6 -

STATEMENT

The following took place on the night of 26 February 1953. As I came to work at about 20 minutes to mid-night I, along with about twenty or so others, observed a traveling light in the sky. In appearance it looked about like a star moving at excessive speed. The night was very clear but I could see nothing but the light. As I could hear no motor and could see nothing but the light I would presume the object to be at an extreme height. It must have taken about eight minutes for it to go from the south-east to the north, turn and return to the south-west of me. There is not much I know about it. To me it was just a traveling light, that if it had been standing still, I would have taken for another star.

[A/1c REDACTED]

- page 7 -

STATEMENT

On the 27 February 1953 I saw an unidentified object in the sky. The object looked to me like another star but was traveling at a terrific rate of speed. It came from the south-west. It traveled across the sky in a south-easterly direction. Then it turned and came back across the sky going nearly straight south. That was the last that I saw of it. There was no sound.

[handwritten: conflicts with other statements]

[A/2c REDACTED]

- page 8 -

STATEMENT

On the night of 26 February 1953, upon leaving the communications center, I saw a bright light in the sky. It appeared to be quite high in the sky and traveling at a high rate of speed. This speed is hard to estimate as only a light was visible, therefore, I could not even guess at the altitude. One factor that makes me believe that it was very high was the absence of any sound, none could be heard. When I first saw the light it was traveling east to north in a long sweeping arc. It then disappeared and when it reappeared it was heading south. Approximately 45 minutes to one hour later I was returning from mid-night chow and saw it again in the west. It appeared to be in the vicinity of Kelly Air Force Base. It was heading west at the time and then turned south. It seemed to fade to a dull red color, and at times it was very bright. The last time I saw it, it was heading south-west away from the vicinity of Kelly Air Force Base.

[S/Sgt REDACTED]

- page 9 -

