1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20 May 53 20/1700Z

2. LOCATION
Los Angeles, California

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
HALLUCINATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Witness privileged to observe a stone, white in color about the size of a football, descend to a point about 5 feet above his head. No markings of any kind. A small white cloud gathered from the surrounding atmosphere. This cloud surrounded the object. Some 30 feet away a stone and cloud remained stationary about 5 feet above his head for five minutes as it slowly rose upwards disappearing in about 3-4 minutes.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
7 - 8 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Rising

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

15 MNZ
20 MAY 53

52 853

20 MNZ

27 June 1958

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is to acknowledge your letter of 1 June 1958 concerning the subject of unidentified flying objects.

The sightings you refer to have been evaluated as possible balloons. The long time interval between sighting and reporting these objects prevails as a more accurate analysis at this late date.

For your information, I am enclosing the latest Department of Defense Fact Sheet on the subject of unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely,

Incl

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. [redacted]
National Life Insurance Company
920 Carondelet Building
New Orleans, Louisiana


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

COVER SHEET                                                                 SUSPENSE

Subject: Transmittal of Letter

ROUTING:
[Routing table with columns for IN and OUT offices]

TO: SAFIS-3, Major Tacker                                                   DATE: 20 JUN 1958

FROM: AFCIN-4B                                                              COMMENT NO. 1
                                                                            484W/Sgt Polieu/dn

1. Mr. [redacted] sightings were evaluated as "possible balloon."

2. There is a U.S. Weather Bureau Balloon-launching site in Sacramento which possibly launched a balloon November 15, 1952 just prior to his sighting.

3. Re Mr. [redacted] May 20, 1953, sighting in Los Angeles. He states this object descended and came to rest directly over his head at an altitude of five feet. We are sure Mr. [redacted] at least five feet tall, give or take a couple of inches, in which case it would have been sitting on his head. The object remained motionless for about five minutes at this altitude. It was described as the size of a night football. It must not have frightened him because he wasn't reported until the latter part of 1954.

3 Incls
1. Ltr dtd 1 Jun 58
2. fm
3. cy ltr dtd 7 Dec 54
   to
4. Cy ltr untd fm

[Signature]
NICHOLAS POST
Assistant Deputy
Science and Components
AFCIN-4B

AFHQ FORM     0-88     PREVIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM MAY BE USED.     GPO 808344


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FOUNDED 1850-PURELY MUTUAL

NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
MONTPELIER, VERMONT
GENERAL AGENCY
200-214 NATIONAL BUILDING
ATLANTA 1, GEORGIA
TELEPHONE JA 1-1312

JOHN T. WHITE
NEW ORLEANS, LOUISIANA
PHONE 9-4473

[Recipient address is blacked out]

[Date appears to be June 1, 1953]

Dear Sir:

I am writing you a letter in reference to a matter which I previously reported to you, have even to date no reply.

This pertains to an intake of mine to make me a patient and under intelligence. Over the period just now elapsed other matters just would not seem to be of any use to me.

There is always the possibility that these objects are not in with the type of work I have in mind. The normal accident more on observable electric field was just an important thing which I know they would have been a genuine matter to me.

Have you learned of any similar incidents, or could you tell me if the information which I gave you was of any value?

There must have been some reason for these things to happen. There is a thing in my life that I am aware of it. I do not note these natural events with a certain feeling. It leaves me with a feeling that something is wrong. If I were to go into detail, a thing might come up that would be of interest to you.

To the best of my knowledge, this information is the best I can give at this time. I hope it will be of some help.

[Signature appears to be blacked out]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

WTCB 3 Dec 64/AFOIN-X/14 Col Blcomer/tg/1053

7 DEC 1954

Mr. [redacted]
Seattle, Washington

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Thank you for your recent letter which described your observation of a flying object.

As you probably know the Air Force has had a major active program in this field for the part several years and your report will be turned over to our analyst for further evaluation.

For your convenience I am attaching a copy of the "U. S. Air Force Survey of Events and Information Concerning the Unidentified Flying Object Program" which compiles the latest facts the Air Force has established in this field.

Very truly yours,

JOSEPH A. BLCOMER
Lt Colonel, USAF
Directorate of Intelligence

Encl: Possible
Balloon

8 DEC
1 1:30 10 0'

Coord by
Lglst by
Cy for ATC


- page 5 -

Seattle, Washington

Chief Intelligence Officer
Intelligence Office
United States Air Forces
Washington, D. C.

Dear Sir:

I would like to report, as a matter of official record, an occurrence that I believe may be of some interest, at least as a matter of official record.

In Sacramento, California on about November 15, 1952, it was my privilege to witness the appearance of a white stone in the sky at a height of about 100 feet. The time was about 3 p.m. and it was a clear day. As soon as I observed this white stone it moved across the sky in an easterly direction at a very rapid rate and disappeared. This observation was made in the rear of my residence at 4800 Cibola way in Sacramento.

On approximately May 20, 1953, in the city of Los Angeles, it was my privilege to observe descending over my head, apparently the same white stone. The time was about 9 a.m. and it was a clear, sunny day. The stone descended from almost directly overhead and slightly from the Northwest. It came to rest abruptly over my head at about five(5) feet altitude and obviously was controlled in some way. It's exact size was almost identical to a night football and this was what it at first reminded me of for its appearance and dimension were about the same except that it was pure white and there were no markings upon it of any kind.


- page 6 -

John T. White, 0-589041

-2-

As soon as it had halted above my head, (I did not take my eyes from it), a small white cloud gathered slowly about it from the surrounding atmosphere. This was very unusual because the cloud was created from nothing at all and drawn together as though with some electrical force. There was a slight smell of sweet perfume in the air at the time.

The stone and cloud remained above my head for a period of about five (5) minutes and then very slowly ascended upwards until out of sight. Its ascension was slow requiring about 3 or 4 minutes.

Because of the nature of this observation I believe that you might desire to have this information at hand, since a collection of such information may help you in solving the appearance of other unexplained phenomena sighted by other persons.

My 201 file is available to you and my training in anti-aircraft observation is a matter of record.

I hereby swear this to be true under my oath as an officer of the Air Forces of The United States.

Please inform me if you receive this communication. I suspect a higher intelligence to be indicated for obvious reasons though any practical reason escapes me.

Sincerely yours,
2d Lt., USAFR


- page 7 -

