PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 1 Jan 53/135; local

2. LOCATION: Giant Rock (Near Joshua Tree) California

3. SOURCE: [text partially illegible]

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: [blank]

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual

7. COURSE: 75 - 80 deg

8. PHOTOS: ☐ Yes ☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ☐ Yes ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION: UNRESOLVABLE REPORT

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE FILE

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

No Vapor Trail                Florescent Object
Wide Vapor Trail               Multi Engined Aircraft
Narrow Vapor Trail             Single Place Jet Aircraft

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
1-10 feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin   g. Silver dollar
               b. Pea             h. Baseball
               c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
               d. Nickel          j. Basketball
               e. Quarter         k. Other
               f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain     c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Became smaller As If Went Away, Until Only The Vapor Trails Were The Disc Appeared Were Visible

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

It Would Be Round Looking Up or Down At It. It Would Be About 4 As Thick, From Any Side View, As The Diameter. The Diameter Would Be 120' To 140 Feet. It Would Be Covered With Frosted Glass And Have An Even Fluorescent Light Emitted From Its Entire Surface.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying near a city?
f. Flying over a city?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
The Sound CSA Multi Engined Airplane Caused Me To Look Up. I Was Walking In The Crack At Giant Rock Airport, There Was No Other Sounds.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   None

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One) Directly Overhead
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North     60     degrees.
b. From horizon     70     degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North     75°     degrees.
b. From horizon     25     degrees.


- page 3 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Date partially filled in but not fully legible]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Handwritten response] At Night, 2 AT The Same Time, These Two Came From East And Made A 90° Turn To North, Directly Overhead, About 6 Months Age, At Gent Rock Airport.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? My Firm Belief Is That They Come From Outer Space. They Are Powered By Light Energy, Controlled By Beings Who Understand Universal Laws. As Expressed In The Enclosed Book. The Contents Of Which We Have Recorded. We Belong To A Group That Have Been Conducting Research On Seen And Unseen Phenomena For 3 Years.


- page 5 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 280 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 15,000 FT Altitude 20 TO 25 miles away When it went out of sight

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Joshua Tree Home Calif.
TELEPHONE NUMBER None
What is your present job? Manager Operator Giant Rock Airport
Age 43 Sex Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school (Type)
f. Other special training Mechanic IAAF

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 17 Day 2 Month 1953 Year


- page 6 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and only further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Signed]
DATE: July 17th, 1953

My observation is accurately expressed in my letter to you dated 24 January 1953. I am presenting the extra forms you sent me to tell the witnesses I mentioned in the above letter whether they will fill them out and mail them to you. I don't know. Since I wrote the above letter to you I have had several other friends say they observed the same object, under the same conditions that I did.


- page 7 -

Basic Copilots Analysis

Time: 1335 #

(1) N 50°

(2) N 75°

(3) 15,000 ft

Time in Sight from 90 (radius) to 45° 7min (2000)

35.6 = 35½ second

440 15,000
1,400
2,400
2,100
3,000

Approximately 26 MPH.

If we use 7 min. 
Slightly shorter.
Approximately 55 MPH.

Tentative: Not definite, nothing (word illegible) just idea


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Possibly Balloon: ballons
listen hit by giants rings - spray
now more - and' when
aluminum white, or plane
static aerial - grid 16
yonder reflector - and can
take or want shape.

Humans have surely
Virtually, etc.!
Also human coming
slow.

His speed of 288 mph
proves - using both
his constructing statements (3-7
minutes) plus the data --as
a basis for computation.


- page 9 -

1 January 1953 Joshua Tree, Calif
(Van Tassel)


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

MARCH College of Universal Wisdom
ADDRESS: Yucca Valley, California

TOP SECRET:

ACTIVITIES: An extremely radical-religious flying saucer cult which publishes a weekly periodical entitled "Proceedings of the College of Universal Wisdom". It describes its activities as a "Demonstration and Imperative Expedition for Psycho-physical Research". Potentially its activity, however, the scope number is not known.

REMARKS: This group, through its publications has expressed such views as criticizing the US Army, learning about the public against the new satellites vaccine, described as something "subversive". However, the foremost theme utilized by this organization is that flying saucers are definitely real and are from outer space.

A report was made of weekly meetings held at Yucca Valley. In fact, himself has written a book entitled "I Rode In a Flying Saucer", which calls for $1.50.

On 12 March 1953, Mr. [redacted] appeared a "Homeward's Convention" at Yucca Valley, Calif. A few of the many "flying saucer group" were there to speak. A few of this group included:

Information in AFG indicates that Mr. [redacted] is also a member of the "Civilian" calls, as his file contains one letter, dated 20 May 53 in which he proposes a meeting with "Interplanetary" (though "Interplanetary" appears physically crossed out). Editor of 10,000

The file of the College of Universal Wisdom contains eleven proceedings, publications, etc. Articles from Van Tassel (loosely identified as the correspondence).


- page 11 -

Proceedings
COLLEGE OF UNIVERSAL WISDOM
YUCCA VALLEY CALIFORNIA

Volume 1-        MARCH 1, 1954        Number 10

[The page contains a spiral/circular image on the left side]

MAN, in the rings established within the Light of me - orbit of my systems - I am pointing that moves a nebula - that causes suns to shine. Through some devious ways to violate my infinite wisdom, it is not I who judge nor pay the price. As in my cycles, as in my phases, as in my sons I have established prediction in the order of my parts. Challenged, a voice comes through to you unrecognized by mortals - realize, in the voice, I am the potent Substance-force of Life, pulsing through your being unto Eternity. - I separate the white from black and color boundaries do set - for all my creations are of me, from lowest animate to free, and all that is. I am the unseen force that manifests in everything you do. Impotent substance-clay of me cannot interfere, except to bring about conditions that reflect upon the garment that you wear.

MESSAGE FROM "THE GOLDEN DENSITY"


- page 12 -

FIRST INTERPLANETARY
SPACECRAFT CONVENTION
AT GIANT ROCK INTERPLANETARY AIRPORT
17 mi. North of Yucca Valley, California

Sunday April 4th 1954
SPEECHES AND DISCUSSIONS
PICNIC

Bring Your Own Food and Refreshments
Our Restaurant Will Be Closed
Your host and hostess
Mr. & Mrs. G. W. Van Tassel

ADMISSION
FREE

[The document also includes a map showing locations such as Victorville, Giant Rock Airport, Yucca Valley, Joshua Tree, Morongo, Circle Cross Ranch, Palm Springs, and Indio.]


- page 13 -

January 24, 1953
Giant Rock Airport
Joshua Tree, California

Air Force Intelligence
Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

On Thursday, January 22, 1953, at about 1:35 P.M., what appeared to be a B-26 bomber, flew over here in an easterly direction. As it passed overhead, it made a wide turn to the north and on around and out of sight headed westerly. A heavy vapor trail was left behind it. Its altitude was approximately 20,000 feet.

And in this area, about 5 miles and about 1 mile to the right of it's vapor trail, was a single jet fighter, apparently escorting it. It was at the same altitude and also letting out a vapor trail.

About 1 mile to the left of the bomber and trailing it about 1 mile, was a rotol fluorescent object. This rotol object matched the bombers speed, holding it's same position, and it disappeared gradually from view about seven minutes later. There was no sign of any vapor trail behind this object, which appeared to be at the same altitude.

The single engine jet escort, on the right of the bomber and behind it, seemed to be having natural trouble with it's engine, as it was trailing a continuous, but in irregular paths. The pilot of this single jet was apparently not too upset.

Several hours later, a friend of mine, Joshua Tree, California, told me he had been the same thing, from about eight miles north of my viewpoint, at Lucca Valley, California. I have recently verified from another friend, a Lockheed installations after 20 years of aviation work. I am reporting this to you because I have had my observation verified.

Here was a condition, of a gallice angle power bomber flying off a vapor trail, and yet another single jet giving off a vapor trail. The object leaving no sign of a trail behind. The fluorescent object appeared to be about 150 feet in diameter. This was probably reported by the number crew and the single jet pilot. If so this will verify their report.

Sincerely yours,
Giant Rock Airport


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

COORDINATION
INSRIF
OPER CODE AND
FULL SIGNATURE

ATIC-55/JRV/73

11 FEB 1953
Joshua Tree, California

Dear Sirs:

Reference is made to your letter of 24 January 1953 reporting
your observation of an unidentified flying object. In order to
obtain more information on this occurrence, it is requested that
you fill in the attached questionnaire and return it to this Center.

We are taking the liberty of enclosing two extra questionnaires.
It is convenient, it would be appreciated if you would pass one
on to the other two people who reported the same observation to you.

Your action in reporting your observation is greatly appreciated.

Yours very truly,

ROBERT C. BROWN
Major, USAF
Adj Gen, Gen

2 Incls:
a. U.S. AF Tech Info Sheet(3)
b. Colo. add. env. (3)

DESIGNATE AUTHD OFFICE OF RECORD

AMC Form 9 (Rev 17 May 50)    Supersedes AMC Form 9, Rev 1 Apr 48, which will be used.    AF Form-WPAPR-L-23 JUL 52 5000M


- page 15 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.

Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.

We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
29 / 1 / 1953
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:
1 : 35
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): a. A.M. or b. P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Joshua Tree, Calif. S.
City or Town                   State or Country

Additional remarks: I was 16 Miles North of Joshua Tree Airport

5. Estimate how long you saw this object:
0 Hours   7 Minutes   0 Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight     e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw this object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
I moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Home


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: None
    b. Color: The Same As Looking At A Lighted Light

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Two hand-drawn oval shapes labeled "Not to Scale", with notes "First seen directly overhead" and "at alt 45°, 20 minutes later"]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Only One
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Bottom of page has some partially illegible handwritten notes]


- page 18 -

