Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
3 Sept 53

2. LOCATION
Portland, Oregon

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Specified

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
(Text is partially illegible)

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Specified

8. PHOTOS
☒ Yes (?)
☐ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 53 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

23 November 1953

Dear Capt. Harding:

We have been so busy with the Black Hawk, S. Dakota case that I've only just now gotten down to looking over the large batch of accumulated reports. I must say that compared with Black Hawk, none of these approaches that incident in interest. There are a few interesting sightings, but on none of these is information sufficient to make a follow-up profitable.

Of the interesting ones, the very similar sightings of 24 July and 1 August at Key West would warrant follow-up if they were more recent. With present information I have no suggested explanation.

The 26 July Perrin AFB Texas also holds possible interest from the standpoint of maneuvers and the fact they were observed from the Control Tower and by civil means of Defense, Texas.

It is too bad there is not more information on Creola, Ala. These cases cover four years days. There is possibly part dirt in these.

Finally, the Sidi Slimane sighting is definitely puzzling and will probably have to remain on the books as unexplained.

As for the remaining 30 or so, there is so little information concerning those with not obvious explanations that there is no percentage whatever in considering them seriously.

Thus, out of the total number there are 4 independent sets which, if staff and time were available, would be interesting to pursue. Personally, I vote for sticking with the Black Hawk case until we have squeezed it dry. I feel certain that if this case can be explained, others would follow suit.

Concerning the Black Hawk case, we are proceeding slowly but surely with the investigation. Solid objects are certainly indicated by the evidence. Since the observations covered several hours and 5 things were both visual and radar, it is important, in my estimation, that we continue to pursue this since failure to identify points a possible real weakness in our defense set-up. I hope to have a preliminary report on this case to you soon.


- page 2 -

