Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
3 Jul 53 03/1045z

2. LOCATION
Reno, Nevada

3. SOURCE
civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 hours

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
ground visual

7. COURSE
west

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[x] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[x] No

10. CONCLUSION ASTRONOMICAL: Venus
Obj observed was without a doubt the planet Venus.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
A white pinpoint of light was observed for two hours. Obj moved very slowly to the West.

FORM
FTD SEP 63-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other: Distant

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other: Normal visual-10 glasses used


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: [blank]
    b. Color: [blank]

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edge of the object were:
    (Circle One):  a. Fuzzy or blurred
                   b. Like a bright star
                   c. Sharply outlined
                   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document appears to be page 3 of a UFO sighting report form, with several questions about the observed object(s) and spaces for the witness to draw and describe what they saw.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

(Almost) Slanting way

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
250 ______ feet, object distant (50 to 70 thousand) feet over a mesa

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Wie. was almost fading, then got almost invisible, fading from sight, almost slipping out of sight, then vanished.

24. In order that you can give us a clear or picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Also list what for such sample. Not so bright (as a star) (clear, not cloudless)
Appeared stationary except that it was necessary, from time to time, to shift position to keep branches of trees from changing it.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Lake Otranto, Reno, Nevada, under the shade of a tree. In looking up at the sky, the object caught my eye, and so I point...

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

Up and west

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

Up and west

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North     270     degrees.
b. From horizon        60      degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North     _______ degrees.
b. From horizon        _______ degrees.


- page 5 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
3     July     1953

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
W.F.C. also called to verify sighting
Professor of Geology
University of Nevada

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
No opinion. However, I have spent 15 years in airline work as a geologist-flight radio operator, and I can't recall a conventional aircraft, or any conventional image, or so-called UFO.


- page 7 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repost information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: July 26, 1953

At 1145 AM on July 3, 1953, Mrs. [redacted] and myself were sitting on a grass lawn at East 9th and Lake Streets, Reno, Nevada. Mrs. [redacted] had been looking up through some tree branches and drew my attention to an object. In the air, it was quite distant, and she located it for me with reference to a tree branch. I watched the object for about 8 minutes, thinking it might possibly be a white balloon. It was not likely to be a car, because the day was bright (hot) and cloudless.

However, it neither moved or changed in apparent size.

I therefore decided to report it to the nearest policeman, thinking I would here instructions to report through channels. However, he was not interested and suggested I call Police Headquarters, which I did.

Police Headquarters (1200 Noon) were not interested and suggested I call Sheriff's Office.

Sheriff's Office said this was outside their jurisdiction and to call Army.

I called 4 Army numbers listed in the telephone book, but no answer.

I then called the FBI, who took my name and address. I told them I could not locate the object anywhere except from beneath the tree at the base of the sighting. The two branches of a reference point, I thereupon returned to 4. 9th and Lake St., where Mrs. [redacted] was still watching it. After 20 minutes (1215P), being somewhat surprised they had no one had reported to verify the sighting, as a result of my report to FBI, and considering the possibility that an outside light have been made to the FBI, I again telephone them. I was told that they were going to be difficult to get any official verification while the object was still in view, I obtained from the FBI the name of the officer to whom the report had been made.

The name was Col. Sanson.


- page 8 -

USAFMTG                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                between 40 and 70 thousand feet -- the latter altitude only if the object was quite large. In size it was somewhat smaller than the head of a pin held at arm's length.

The object was not an airplane, or balloon. Conceivably a star, but this is very doubtful in my mind.

We encountered no interest in this sighting from any of the several authorities and Army Officers with whom we talked, and this is difficult to understand unless such sightings are a known quantity and fully understood. I don't think I shall again go to so much trouble in attempting to get attention if I should make another sighting.

Page 2

After some difficulty I reached Col Samson by telephone, who advised me that the report had been turned over to Col. Olerick, who told me that he was turning the matter over to Col. Worth. I got the impression that someone would come to verify the sighting, and returned to the scene, where the object was still visible, while not appearing to move, it had shifted position slightly because it was necessary for us to move, occasionally, to navigate.

12:55PM. No one having arrived to verify sighting, I again called Col. Worth to ask him if he could not send someone. He requested that I stand by the telephone and he would call me back. This he did at 1:10 PM, requesting that I obtain a disinterested person to verify the sighting. I stopped a car and requested the driver to observe it. This he did, giving his name as Prof. _______, now 1:30PM, Professor of Geology, University of Nevada. The time was now 1:30PM.

I could not reach Col. Worth by phone until 1:45PM, when I reported the verification. Col. Worth then stated he would send two enlisted men to our Motel for "debriefing".

1:50 PM. We returned to 9th and Lake Streets, but could not again locate the object.

2:30 PM. Two Sergeants visited us at our Motel, expressing appreciation of our efforts and stating that Army was very interested in all such reports. I pointed out then that Army had been aware of the sighting over our hour during which the object could be seen, but hadn't been interested enough to look at it.

I have spent 15 years in Air Line work as Meteorologist and Radio Communications. [I am not now so engaged].

Any guess as to altitude or size of the object would be subject to wide error from a visual appraisal for reasons well known. I would guess the altitude to have been between 40 and 70 thousand feet -- the latter altitude only if the object was quite large. In size it was somewhat smaller than the head of a pin held at arm's length.

The object was not an airplane, or balloon. Conceivably a star, but this is very doubtful in my mind.

We encountered no interest in this sighting from any of the several authorities and Army Officers with whom we talked, and this is difficult to understand unless such sightings are a known quantity and fully understood. I don't think I shall again go to so much trouble in attempting to get attention if I should make another sighting.


- page 9 -

UNCLASSIFIED

3 July 1953                                                                 Reno, Nevada

Description

At 1145 A.M. MST 3 June 1953 two civilians were sitting on a lawn at Reno, Nevada. One observer was looking up through some tree branches when she saw a pin-point of light at a very high altitude. She called her husband's attention to the object and he watched this object for 8 minutes, thinking it was a weather balloon. He thought that it was not likely to be a star, because the day was bright (hot) and cloudless. However, it neither moved nor changed its apparent size. The observer left his wife to watch the object while he reported it to the authorities. First he reported it to a policeman who referred him to the Police Station. They were not interested and told him to report it to the sheriff's office. The sheriff's office stated that this sighting was out of their jurisdiction and for him to call the FBI. The FBI took his name and address. The observer then told the FBI that he could locate the object unless he had this particular tree as a reference point. He then returned to the point of observation where his wife still had the object in view. After 20 minutes, being somewhat surprised that no one had appeared to verify the sighting and considering the possibility that a mistake had been made, he reported location of the sighting, he again telephoned the FBI. He was told that the matter had been referred to Stead AF Base. The observer becoming aware that it was going to be difficult to get any verification chose still to obtain the name of the USAF colonel to which the report had been made. After some difficulty, the observer reached this colonel by telephone. This colonel referred the incident to another colonel who in turn referred this to a third colonel. From the last colonel that he talked to, he got the impression that someone would come to verify the sighting and returned to the scene where the object was still visible. While not appearing to move, it had shifted position slightly because it was necessary for him to move occasionally to prevent its being obscured by the tree branches. After waiting 30 minutes, the observer again called the Air Force colonel to ask him if he couldn't send someone to verify the sighting. The colonel reassured that the observer stand by the telephone and he would call him back. This the colonel did 15 minutes later, requesting that the observer obtain a disinterested person to verify the sighting. Observer returned to site of observation and the object was still visible. He stopped a car and requested the driver to observe the object. The driver of the car was a professor at the University of Nevada and a very good observer. Observer again called the Air Force colonel and reported the verification. The colonel then stated that he would send 2 enlisted men to the observers' motel for a debriefing. Two sergeants visited the observers at their motel expressing appreciation for the observers' efforts and stating that the Air Force was very interested in such reports. Observer pointed out to the sergeants that the Air Force had been aware of the sighting for over an hour during which time the object could be seen but hadn't been interested enough to look at it.

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
TOO DIR 6200.10


- page 10 -

3 July 1953 - Reno, Nevada (contd)

Discussion
This sighting is one of the best in Project Blue Book's files as far as civilian observers are concerned. These civilians were very diligent in their efforts to report the sighting and it is unfortunate that the officials in that area were not aware of the procedure for reporting the unidentified flying objects. The description of this object, and the length of time observed rules out any conventional objects in our atmosphere. Project Blue Book's contract astronomers were contacted. They stated that this sighting was undoubtedly caused by the planet Venus.

Conclusion
Was astronomical (Venus).

UNCLASSIFIED AT 4 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
18
T53-11156


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Multi

RC18CA
WP160
WAILS
XYB221
XMA1C4
CKB219
JSPWY 053
TO JMPN1 JEPNP JCPNR JEMNR JDWP 055
DE JMPNP 16V
R 041C352 ZNJ

CENTRAL FILES

1953 JUL 6


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FM CONDRCOMPG 3504 STEAD AFB, NEV
TO JEPWA/HA USAF WASHINGTON 25 DC
JEPWA/ATIC WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
JEDN/COMDR EWI AFB COLO SPGS COLO
JJPML/COMDR WADC HAMILTON AFB CALIF
JCDMW/COMDR SAC OFFUTT AFB NEBR    UNCLASSIFIED

FOR ATIAC-26. OBJECT OBSERVED WAS A METALLIC WHITE CIRCULAR IN SHAPE
AT APPROXIMATELY 20,000 TO 30,000 FEET. NO TRAIL OR EXHAUST. ESTIMATED
SPEED OF OBJECT WAS NIL, BUT CHANGED ITS POSITION AT TIMES. TIME LAPSE
FROM INITIAL OBSERVATION TO DISAPPEARANCE APPROXIMATELY TWO HOURS.
OBJECT WAS OBSERVED AT 1838 PACIFIC TIME, 3 JULY 1953, AND LAST OBSERVED
AT 1938 PACIFIC TIME. COORDINATES 39/32N-119%76W.

OBSERVERS WERE MR. [REDACTED] AND HIS WIFE WHO RESIDE AT [REDACTED], ALAMEDA, CALIFORNIA. [REDACTED], A PROFESSOR OF GEOLOGY, WHO RESIDES AT [REDACTED], RENO, NEVADA, ALSO OBSERVED

PAGE TWO JPPW 167

THIS OBJECT. WITNESSES ARE ESTIMATED TO BE RELIABLE. OBSERVATION IS
ESTIMATED AS PROBABLY TRUE. MR. [REDACTED] SPENT TWELVE YEARS WITH UNITED
AIRLINES. WIND WAS EAST AT THREE MILES PER HOUR. VISIBILITY WAS 15
MILES, TEMPERATURE 72 DEGREES RELATIVE HUMIDITY 42 PER CENT. NO EARLIER
RADIO OR TEL REPORT. NO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PRESENTLY AVAILABLE.
WRITTEN REPORT WILL FOLLOW

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 13 -

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

COUNTRY: USA     DATE: 30 Jun 53     LOCATION: 390ABA Comp Wg, Stead AFS, Reno, Nevada

DATE OF REPORT: 3 July 1953     DATE OF OCCURRENCE: 3 July 1953     TIME: Nr

1. Report of an unidentified aerial object observed by Mr. G.W. Lid and Professor over Reno, Nevada.

2. Significance of sighting cannot be determined. Qualifications of principal observer are significant.

[Signed]
ROBERT E. MORK
Lt Col, USAF
Director of Intelligence

[Bottom of page notes distribution list and classification]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II                                UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Lipton)                                       REPORT NO.
3904th Comp Wg, Stend AFB                           3904-3-53                PAGE 1 OF 1

1. Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] first observed object at 1120 Pacific Time over
Reno, Nevada (39/23N-119/47W). Observation continued until 1315 hours. At that
time they stopped a witness, Professor [redacted]. They then proceeded to call
Stend Air Force Base. Returning to continued observation they found object had
disappeared.

2. Object observed was a metallic white circular in shape at approximate
20,700 to 30,000 feet. No trail or exhaust was observed; no sound was heard.
Estimated speed of object was nil, but would shift slightly at times.

3. United Airlines and Stend Mr Force base weather stations were notified
but were unable to confirm sighting. The weather station at Stend Air Force
Base does not release any weather balloons. The weather station at United Airlines
released balloons at 0700 and 1300 hours on 3 July 1953.

4. Aircraft in the area at time of sighting were as follows:
    a. Stend Air Force Base:
        1 C-47 - Airborne all the time of sighting
        1 C-54 - 1127 hours (departing)
        1 B-25 - 1231 hours (departing)
        1 F-80 - 1337 hours (landing)
        1 C-97 - 1400 hours (landing)

    b. United Airlines, Reno, Nevada:
        1 DC-3 - Landing (this was observed by [redacted])

5. Weather in the area was clear, no clouds and visibility 15 plus. Wind
was east at three miles per hour, temperature 79 degrees relative humidity 12 per
cent.

COMMENTS:
1. Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] from Alameda, California.

2. Mr. [redacted] was a professor of Geology at the University of Nevada.
The professor thought the object may have been a star. The professor was in a hurry
and was unable to make observation for more than a few minutes. Mr. [redacted] disagrees because of the fact that the object moved at times.

ROBERT E. YORK
1st Col, USAF
Director of Intelligence

UNCLASSIFIED

[Disclaimer text at bottom of page]


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

COORDINATION
OFFICIAL COPY AND
FULL INDORSEMENT

In reply refer to
AFOIN-AI1-5

R.M.Olsson/joa/6565

21 JUL 1953

Prof. [redacted]
Reno, Nevada

Dear Prof. [redacted]:

Your report of unidentified aerial phenomena on 3 July 1953 over Reno has been received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center. Enclosed is a questionnaire, which, when completed by you and returned in the inclosed, self-addressed envelope, will aid in standardizing the data and will provide a complete record of the occurrence. Since you have stated the object may have been a bright star visible in the daytime, ATIC wishes to check this possibility by obtaining your estimates of azimuth and elevation on the object's position.

Your interest in reporting the matter and your public spirited desire to be of service are greatly appreciated.

Sincerely,

2 Incls
1. Questionnaire
2. Envelope

ROBERT C. BROWN
Major, USAF
Adjutant

COORDINATION
ATAR-5 [signature] DATE 17 July 53
ATAR-5 [signature] DATE 17 July 53
ATAR-5 [signature] DATE 17 July 53
ATIC [signature] DATE
Maj Brown

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
Office of Record
Project 10073

DESIGNATE ATCH OFFICE OF RECORD

AMC Form 9 (Rev 17 May 54)                                Air Force-WTAFS-L-24 JUL 53 GP


- page 16 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.

Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes; and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
3   July   1953

2. Time of day: 1300 4     Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
            (d) Pacific
             e. Other __________

(Circle One): (a) Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: ____________ Reno ____________ Nevada
City or Town                     State or County

Additional remarks: On the lawn west of the lake street at steps
University of Nevada Campus (about 50ft west of steps)

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Observed the object for about 5 minutes. It was there when I arrived and was still there when I left.

5.1 (Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5)
(a) Certain    b. Not very sure
    Fairly certain    c. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): (a) Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
              b. Dull daylight       e. No trace of daylight
              c. Bright twilight     f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember


- page 17 -

