The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form with text describing a UFO sighting.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 31-32 9 1/22/53
2. LOCATION: SE, Lexington 
3. SOURCE: City of Lexington Police Department
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 40 sec
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: NW
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (sighted)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: One bright object traveling at slow rate of speed, provided intense reddish glow, was observed for a 40 sec period by three intelligent.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, featuring a handwritten description of an observed oval-shaped object.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-print your name, date, and information as requested below.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: February 23, 1953

When I first observed the oval-shaped object, it seemed small and vaguely defined. In between 5 & 10 seconds, it grew larger, as though approaching, and became sharp and clear in shape and color. The light from the object was steady. No wobbling motion was apparent. At first it was in the N.E. After seeming to approach, it ceased to increase in brilliance and size. It then moved slowly across the sky (keeping at the same distance from the horizon) to the S.E.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image from the Project Blue Book document. The image contains text describing the movement and appearance of an unidentified object observed for about 30 seconds. The text states that the object stopped in the sky, slowly grew smaller, became vague in shape, then faded out completely over a period of 5 to 10 seconds. It also mentions that the moon was not in the same direction or height as the object, and that the movement of the object was almost the opposite of the wind direction at the time.

USAF TIS
Page 2

This movement took about 30 seconds.
It stopped in the S.E., slowly grew smaller, as if moving away; became very vague in shape, then faded out completely. This fading out process took between 5 and 10 seconds.
Shortly before and sometime after observing the object I saw the moon.
The moon was not in the same direction as the object, was not at the same height above the horizon, and did not have the same shape or color.
The direction of the movement of the object was almost the opposite of the wind direction at that time.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing various entries with details about reported UFO sightings.

CASE                  DATE                LOCATION             OBSERVER           EVALUATION
1.  NY-4-53            2/7/53             Brooklyn, New York    USAF PILOT         (complitted)
2.  LA-2-53            2/1/53             Lexington, Kentucky   (civil)            (Insufficient DATA)
3.  LA-3-53            2/7/53             Lexington, Kentucky   (civilian)         (U.P.O.)
4.  LA-4-53            2/10/53            Lexington, Kentucky   (military)        (Jupiter)
5.  LA-5-53            2/11/53            Lexington, Kentucky   (CIVILIAN)        (Insufficient DATA)
6.  LA-6-53            2/12/53            Lexington, Kentucky   (civilian)         (U.P.O.)
7.  LA-7-53            2/14/53            Lexington, Kentucky   (civilian)         (U.P.O.)
8.  LA-8-53            2/15/53            Lexington, Kentucky   (civilian)         (Insufficient DATA)
9.  LA-9-53            2/16/53            Lexington, Kentucky   (civilian)         (U.P.O.)
10. LA-10-53           2/17/53            Lexington, Kentucky   (civilian)         (U.P.O.)
11. LA-11-53           2/18/53            Lexington, Kentucky   (military)         (U.P.O.)
12. LA-12-53           2/19/53            Lexington, Kentucky   (civilian)         (U.P.O.)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a questionnaire form to be filled out by an observer of an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 31 January 1953
2. Time of day: 10 Hour 30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Lexington, Kentucky
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 40 Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

Page 3

8. IF you saw the object or NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight (Crescent behind clouds)
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?: No
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Circle One) Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what the object then seemed to be like and what happened.
the clouds,_but_shape_were_still_visible.

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other Yes No

- page 6 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an oval-shaped object with an arrow attached to it. There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document.

Transcript of the text in the image:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None
b. Color Yellowish; resembled color of hot metal

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Other

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

EXTRACTED TEXT:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A------------------------------------------------------------------------------B

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin b. Pea c. Dime d. Nickel e. Quarter f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Stopped moving, grew smaller, became vague in shape and color, then disappeared entirely.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct a model or outline of what you saw. Of what type of material would you make this? It is nearly impossible for me to imagine that I could construct the object I observed because I have no knowledge concerning the construction of anything similar to it. It resembled an oversized eggshell covered with self-luminous paint.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing detailed questionnaire responses about a sighting.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One:) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In an open field
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One:)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country-side?
d. In a flying over a city?
e. Flying near an airfield?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Was leaving school, seemed to chance up into sky.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour. 
28.3 Did you see or any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes  No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was 
from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North ____________ degrees. 
b. From horizon _______________ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon _______________ degrees.

- page 9 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with an object above the horizon (skyline), and the instructions ask the viewer to imagine that they are at the point shown and place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when they first saw it. The second sketch shows a road or path with buildings and trees on either side, as well as a smaller sketch showing a curved horizon line.

Text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze (11 m.p.h.)
c. Moderate wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool (45°)
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
February 1953

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I believe the object was some sort of an air borne machine.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? about 2500 feet (altitude)

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Lt. Trainor
ADDRESS __________ Lexington City Kentucky
TELEPHONE NUMBER _______________
What is your present job? None
Age 13 Sex Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school 
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduates 
e. c. Technical school
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 17 March 1953

- page 12 -

