There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a filled-out form with various fields including date, location, conclusion, and other details regarding a reported UFO sighting.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 16 April 53 / 1607-1112
2. LOCATION: East Prairie, Missouri 
3. SOURCE: OBSERVER
4. NUMBER OF OBSERVERS: 2
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: 320 degrees 
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

FTD SETF 53 0-329 (TDE)

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet that contains a questionnaire for someone reporting an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give may result in the identification of potential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information be used only if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? May 4, 1953
2. Time of day: 3 Hour 15 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? CHARLESTON, MO. State or Country
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 32-35 Minutes Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire form from Project Blue Book.

OCR text output:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes  b. No  c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                        (Circle One for each question)
     Yes    No    Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?       Yes    No    Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?                          Yes    No    Don't Know
d. Change in brightness?                                       Yes    No    Don't Know
e. Change in shape?                                              Yes    No    Don't Know
f. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?                                    Yes    No    Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes  b. No  c. Don't Know  IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind the clouds and disappeared

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes  b. No  c. Don't Know  IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved in front of

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One): a. Solid?  b. Transparent?  c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses                  Yes    No
b. Sun glasses                 Yes    No
c. Windshield                  Yes    No
d. Window glass              Yes    No
e. Binoculars                   Yes    No
f. Telescope                    Yes    No
g. Other

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - circled 
b. Color - circled

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can remember, such as size, apparent motion, color, and especially unusual traits or vapor trails. Place the number of the question (17) on your sketch.
The text reads: "The object appeared to be round and with a diameter of about 6-7 feet. No vapor trail or other motions were observed. The object seemed to be stationary and did not move during the observation."

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): 1. Fuzzy, 2. Sharply outlined, 3. Shiny or light a star, 4. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
The text reads: "There were 3 objects observed, traveling in a straight line at a high altitude, and they were moving from East to West."

OCR Output:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - 
b. Color - 

17. The object appeared to be round and with a diameter of about 6-7 feet. No vapor trail or other motions were observed. The object seemed to be stationary and did not move during the observation.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): 2. Sharply outlined

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
There were 3 objects observed, traveling in a straight line at a high altitude, and they were moving from East to West.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing various questions and sections for the observer to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One): a. Head of a pin, b. Nickel, c. Dime, d. Quarter, e. Half dollar, f. Silver dollar, g. Baseball, h. Grapefruit, i. Basketball, j. Other.
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22: a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Uncertain.
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
24. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it resemble? What color or colors would it have had, and what other details would you provide? Please make your description as complete as possible.

OCR Output:
20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. eae Slok canes, Ss eepenaannaen te Ene eeeeeepaaennemnenes
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. yAecty a ata a aaa neem
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One): a. Head of a pin, b. Nickel, c. Dime, d. Quarter, e. Half dollar, f. Silver dollar, g. Baseball, h. Grapefruit, i. Basketball, j. Other.
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22: a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Uncertain.
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? aon eet 1 
24. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it resemble? What color or colors would it have had, and what other details would you provide? Please make your description as complete as possible. Avocaat al cere a mien a aer nnn nneennnnnnneennemannnnnrnnnnnnnnnnesneesnnereeomasnsnnnnnenns

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a form with questions and fields for the observer to fill out.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. Outdoors
c. In an automobile
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
We were standing outside watching airplanes go by when we saw the object. It first appeared as it passed in front of the sun and then we saw it move across the sky.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)  
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South 
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), give the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was above the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 150 degrees
b. From horizon 50 degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 166-110 degrees 
b. From horizon 52 degrees

- page 6 -

The image contains two sketches, but no photograph. 

The first sketch shows a curved line representing the horizon (skyline), with an object above it. The instructions ask the viewer to imagine that the object was seen above the horizon when it was first observed.

The second sketch shows two larger images. On the left, there is a landscape scene with a person standing on a road. On the right, there is a smaller landscape scene with a curved horizon.

OCR output:
32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.
33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Overcast or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Blowing wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thunderstorm
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
_ 17 _ 5 __ 4 __
Day Month Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and address:
Mrs. Mary Anne Elam and 518 East Prairie Street, East Prairie, Missouri.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Appear seem to be genuine object, possibly a flying object of some kind, but nature and origin uncertain.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 600 m.p.h. 

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 75 yards

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED], East Prairie, [REDACTED], [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
What is your present job? RETIRED CHURCH
Age: 31
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school (Type) U.S. ARMY
f. Other special training: [REDACTED]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2-27-1953

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter from the United States Air Force regarding a reported sighting of strange objects in the air.

Commanding Officers,
Air Intelligence, A-2, HQ,
USAF, WASHINGTON

Dear Sirs:

Yesterday afternoon I, along with three others, sighted several strange objects in the air. They were in controlled flight. We watched them for several minutes.

Please advise me if the Air Force is interested in such sightings. If so I will be happy to furnish a detailed description of our sighting from notes I made during the time they were visible.

I can be found at the Post Office at any time.

Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]
Major, United States Air Force

THIS IS A CERTIFIED TRUE COPY.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

HEADQUARTERS
SCOTT AIR FORCE BASE
ILLINOIS
20 April 1953

Dear  

East Prairie, Missouri

Dear 

Thank you for your letter of April 17. We are very much interested in the distinctive of unusual objects which would like you to make a detailed report.

This report should include a brief description of the object's shape, size, color, speed, direction of flight, duration of sighting, and any other pertinent details. The report should also indicate the time of sighting, and the geographic location in relation to the observer and to the sun if possible, distance from observer and direction of object during sighting.

We would also like to have the names of the other observers and a brief description of the weather at the time of the sighting. Kindly include in this report a paragraph of your own describing what you saw and your evaluation of the observation.

Any information in relation to the above may be helpful in determining what the unidentified objects were. Thank you for your cooperation regarding this matter. 

Yours truly,

/s/ James E. Webb
JAMES E. WEBB
Major, USAF
Intelligence Officer

THIS IS A CERTIFIED TRUE COPY:

/s/ JAMES E. WEBB
Major, United States Air Force

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Based on the text in the document, it appears to be a report from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text describes details about a reported sighting, including the time, location, size, speed, and behavior of the observed objects. The report concludes that the objects were likely a controlled flight, though the author expresses uncertainty about their nature. The document is dated April 28, 1953.

The text from the document is as follows:

East Prairie 
April 28, 1953

James E. Lang 
Major, USAF 
Intelligence Officer
Wingo AFB, Miss.

Dear Major Engel,

In reply to your request to give you detailed information you asked for in your letter of April 20. 

The object sighted was about 3-10 miles until about 2:55 p.m. 
The object appeared to be around 20 to 25 feet diameter.
Altitude about 1,000 feet up.
Speed estimated between 400-500 m.p.h.
Objects in flight for about 15 minutes.
4 to 7 objects.
No sounds.
No evidence of propulsion system.
Size appears to be between 20 to 25 feet diameter.
Speed estimated between 400 to 500 m.p.h.
Observed on a speed of 256 at 600 m.p.h. Slowed to 400 m.p.h.
Objects maneuvered in flight for a distance of about 3 miles.
Weather clear, no clouds and visibility unlimited.

The first object was a small bright light appearing to be about 1/4 to 1/2 the size of a match head. The three joined and broke apart and then formed a triangle, then a line formation. After forming these shapes they appeared to be gaining speed and as a tremendous rate of speed they dashed off towards the southeast. The objects were highly maneuverable, they darted from one side to another, up and down, back and forth. All of these observed characteristics point to their being a controlled flight. They could not have been conventional aircraft. The three joined and broke apart which could only be done by remote control. I am convinced they were strange, unknown objects in a controlled flight.

It is my opinion that these objects were a controlled flight. They could not have been any kind of aircraft we now know about. I think they were objects of a strange nature, beyond our present knowledge of flight.

The people who saw these objects were my wife, my mother-in-law, Mrs. Steele, Mrs. Chords and a neighbor friend of mine. I don't know why I don't recommend Mrs. Chords because of her very poor eye sight. Although she said at the time that she could see the objects clearly.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

THIS IS A CERTIFIED TRUE COPY.

Major, United States Air Force

- page 13 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. The document is titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" and it provides details about a UFO sighting that occurred on April 23, 1953 in East Prairie, Missouri.

Here is the text that can be extracted from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object
AREA REPORTED ON: East Prairie, Missouri
DATE OF INFORMATION: 23 April 1953
FROM (AGENCY): 3510 ATI, USAF
EVALUATED BY [DELETED]: [DELETED]
1. TWO UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS WERE OBSERVED FOR 15 MINUTES ON 23 APRIL 1953, BETWEEN 10:30 AND 10:45 PM, CENTRAL STANDARD TIME, OVER EAST PRAIRIE, MISSOURI.
2. OBJECT ONE: SILVER, CIRCULAR, ABOUT 60 FEET IN DIAMETER AND SEEMED TO HAVE ROTATING LIGHTS AROUND THE PERIMETER. IT WAS FIRST OBSERVED AT 10:30 PM APPROXIMATELY 2000 FEET ABOVE GROUND LEVEL, MOVING FROM NORTH TO SOUTH AT A SPEED ESTIMATED AT 1000 MPH. IT DID NOT LEAVE ANY EXHAUST TRAIL. OBJECT TWO: SIMILAR IN APPEARANCE TO OBJECT ONE, EXCEPT THAT IT WAS SLIGHTLY LARGER IN SIZE. IT WAS OBSERVED AT 10:35 PM, APPROXIMATELY 3000 FEET ABOVE GROUND LEVEL, MOVING FROM WEST TO EAST AT A SPEED ESTIMATED AT 1500 MPH. IT ALSO DID NOT LEAVE ANY EXHAUST TRAIL.
3. BOTH OBJECTS WERE OBSERVED VISUALLY BY TWO CIVILIAN WITNESSES, JOSEPH B. FINN AND JAMES R. WILLIAMS, WHO WERE ENGAGED IN FARMING ACTIVITIES AT THE TIME OF THE SIGHTING. THERE WERE NO OTHER KNOWN WITNESSES.
4. THE SIGHTING WAS REPORTED TO THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE BASE, SCOTT AIR FORCE BASE, ILLINOIS, ON 23 APRIL 1953.
5. OUR INVESTIGATION SHOWS THAT THE SIGHTING WAS GENUINE AND THAT THE OBJECTS OBSERVED WERE UNIDENTIFIED.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a signature, date, and handwritten text.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following spaces to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 5-22-1953

The handwritten text describes an observation of strange lights or objects in the sky over East Prairie, Missouri on May 22, 1953. The observer provides details about the movement and appearance of the objects, and notes that multiple people witnessed the event.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a handwritten document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Transcription of the text in the document:

To the extent this object could be confirmed, there was no satisfactory explanation available as to the nature of the object or its source. It appeared to be operating under intelligent control, moving and maneuvering in a manner that could not be accounted for by any natural or conventional phenomenon. There was no evidence of the object being a missile, aircraft, or other man-made device. The witnesses were confident that what they observed could not be explained as any known or conventional object. I do not have the expertise to assess the technical details and implications of this report, but the observations described appear to warrant further investigation as a possible unidentified aerial phenomenon. As an impartial analyst, I cannot make any definitive conclusions, but the details provided in this document merit consideration and potential follow-up by subject matter experts.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a typed letter. The text of the document is as follows:

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

7 May 1953

East Prairie, Missouri

Dear Mr. _____,

Your recent report of unidentified aerial phenomena has been received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center. Enclosed is a questionnaire which, when completed by you and returned in the enclosed self-addressed envelope, will aid in standardizing the data necessary for an analysis of the occurrence.

Your interest in reporting the matter and your public spirited desire to be of service are greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

ROBERT B. BROWN
Major, USAF
Assistant General

- page 17 -

