1. DATE - TIME GROUP
1953

2. LOCATION
Upper New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Recorded

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
No given

8. PHOTOS
☒ No
☐ Yes

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☒ No
☐ Yes

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object flew very low and made sharp right angle turns. Also rode eight light time. About 2,000 up.

COMMENTS: "Noting observed object in 1953 and did not report it until November 1960. In addition to reporting this sighting, Citizen is attempting to give information as to where "FlightOucers" operate from, what they are made of, and the type of metal they use. Witness is now 70 years old, but the consideration of his letter would indicate that he was much younger than 20. Discuss gave very little information concerning the sighting itself, preceding an evaluation."

FTD FORM
FTD SP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location Upper New York

Date (Local) 1953                                   Hour (Local) Night
                                                    Hour (Z Time Group)

Satellite: (Det 5 ATIC, Ext 3279)

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.)

Radar Analysis (AFCIN-ME1)                         N/1

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.)

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.

Other Insuft data

Evaluation of Source Reliability Unknown

Analysis and Conclusions: Although the witness observed the object nearly 20 years ago, he did not report it until November 1960. In addition, the witness was attempting to information at to where "flying saucer" came from, what they are made of and its type of fuel used by them. The witness is now 20 years of age, but the construction of his letter demonstrates he would indicate that he was much younger than 20. The witness gave very little info concerning the sighting itself, practically no explanation.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

752X                                                                                Nov. 15, 1960

Dear Sir:

I would like to talk about a U. F. O.

Back in 1953 I was at Ten Mile River Camp, in upstate New York; where I was attending boy scout camp. About two hundred boys and myself were setting on a hill watching the stars and learning about them, when all of a sudden in the clear blue night we saw a flying object, this thing was flying so fast that it looked like a flying saucer. It made sharp right angle turns as fast as you can close your eye. Why am I saying that it is a flying saucer, well the night we were on the hill we saw falling stars, this one didn't fall it went straight on flying, it also made figure eight turns.

I had a pair of site field glasses and I was watching it. I would say it was flying about 2,000 feet up. Now I am twenty years of age, and I still believe in flying objects. I have a theory on what kind of fuel they use. I think the fuel they use is there on solid gravity within the saucer, or they some gravity from the pull of the earth, by a means of a certain type of machine. The metal they use to build these craft would be of a very light alloy of steel, that would not stand very hot temperatures- temperatures, at fast speeds. I think there field of operation for these base where they hide is behind the dark side of the Moon. Or maybe the nearest star to earth which is Centauri 6. I don't know if that is the closest star to earth. It is 44/3-- 4 1/3 light years away from us. I know light travels at a speed of 186,000 miles per second, if you would times 186,000 by 4 1/3 light years it would be a great distance, over


- page 3 -

