Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
5 July 50 3/152Z

2. LOCATION
Fremont, Wisconsin

3. SOURCE
Civilians

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
45 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NW

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
BALLOON

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
[Text is partially illegible, but appears to discuss an object observed moving in the sky]

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other IN A BOAT AT ANCHOR

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ON A LAKE

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Was fishing with companions. We called my attention to it when he looked at the sun to assist himself with respect to direction.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 90 degrees.
b. From horizon 60 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 130 degrees.
b. From horizon 30 degrees.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

MODERATE WIND

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
7     JULY     1953
Day     Month     Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
MR.
MORTON, ILLINOIS

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I do not have an idea as to what this was or what caused it. This was the strangest thing that I have ever seen in the sky.


- page 4 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]

ADDRESS: [redacted] TOWN, Zone ILL. State

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]

What is your present job? IMMUNOLOGIST IN MEDICAL RESEARCH

Age 35   Sex MALE

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school YES
b. High school YES
c. College YES
d. Post graduate YES 4.5.

e. Technical school
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 23 July 1953


- page 5 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repost information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: July 23, 1953

CODE: [blank]

On the morning of July 23, 1953, near the north of Partridge Lake, Fremont, Wisconsin, at exactly 6:30 hr., I called my attention to a bright object hovering near the sun. By shading the eyes I could make out two objects of different diameters the smaller of which appeared to dominate back the underside of the larger. We continued to observe the object(s) and called to others of unknown identity who were standing along the home. They also saw it.

The sky was clear with scattered fleecy clouds moving northwestward. The object(s) moved gradually and slightly away from the sun in a straight line and to the Southeast. Occasionally the object(s) was as though it moved. There was the only one visible as though it had moved behind the larger. One person along there said it was a weather balloon but I have never seen a balloon of such peculiar luminescent color. We followed the object(s) for exactly 45 minutes until its disappearing.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

USAFTIS                                                                Page 2

Just prior to the disappearance a white vapor like vertical column appeared few below the object(s). I cannot even judge the altitude or the size of the larger object, but it seems above the clouds and approximately the size of a pea when held at arm's length against the sky. The vapor-like tail may have been a peculiar wisp of cloud.

Birch Cloud
here

[The rest of the page contains a hand-drawn diagram with labels including:
- N, S, E, W compass directions
- Tree Line
- Wolff River
- Mouth of Portage Lake
- Boat
- Shore Line
- White Vapor Like Tall (Cloud Level)
- Diagram showing sun, object, and a trajectory with "Disappearance" noted]


- page 7 -

Fremont, Wisconsin
July 7, 1953

To the Commanding Officer
U.S. Air Force Bd. W
Madison Field, Niles
Madison, Wis.

Dear sir:

I wish to describe to you the sighting of a strange aerial object over this area in Wisconsin during the morning of July 3rd.

At Mt. Morton, Illinois, and I were fishing at the Marsh of Buttles Lake. At 8:30 he called my attention to a luminous object hovering near the sun. On close observation it was discovered that the object was really two circular bodies one lying about four times the size of the other.

Both appeared to be almost stationary, although at times the smaller disappeared as though they changed position with respect to each other. This sky was clear with occasional white clouds, and these objects were in view for 45 minutes. They moved steadily to the Southeastern


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

through what I would roughly
estimate to be 30 degrees of arc. They
remained clearly visible during the
45 minutes and series of an unusual
luminous color. This shows color when
visible on a sunny day would be
somewhat analogous to the color of those
objects. I cannot even give a rough
estimate of their height since neither
of us are trained in these matters. In
diameter, the large of the two was
about the size of a pea and did appear
to be much higher than the clouds.
The direction of movement was opposite
to that of the winds. Just prior to their
sudden disappearance in a stream of a
white vapor like substance appeared few
below. Their disappearance was most
sudden and it was impossible to tell
which way they went.

Me. [redacted] and I are on vacation.
But following Oct. 20th my address
will be [redacted] Newberry, Ill.
I have subsequently heard that these
objects were seen by others at Austin
on Lake Pegging.


- page 9 -

Below is the text from the document:

Below is a drawing of how
the objects appeared to end.

Yours very truly,

FIRST SEEN HERE

SMALLER OBJECT
NOT VISIBLE

BEFORE
LAKE
STREAM
BEFORE
DISAPPEAR

WOLF RIVER

Partridge
Lake

LOCATION
OF
BOAT WHILE FISHING


- page 10 -

HEADQUARTERS
520TH AIR DEFENSE GROUP
TRUAX FIELD
Madison, Wisconsin

DOAC

14 JUL 1953

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Objects

TO:   Commander
       Air Technical Intelligence Center
       Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Reference to inclosure #1, Report of Sighting of Unidentified Objects, for your information.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
DON A. AMOS
2nd Lt USAF
Adjutant

1 Incl
Rept of Sighting of Uni-
dentified Objects


- page 11 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
3 JULY 1953
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 09 30
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: FREMONT       WISCONSIN
City or Town           State or Country

Additional remarks: WAS FISHING IN A BOAT AT MOUTH OF
                    PARTRIDGE LAKE

5. Estimate how long you saw the object: _____ Hours _____ Minutes 45 Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
              b. Dull daylight
              c. Bright twilight
              d. Just a trace of daylight
              e. No trace of daylight
              f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
              b. In back of you
              c. To your right
              d. To your left
              e. Overhead
              f. Don't remember


- page 12 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
Cannot decide accurately by the question Probably b. (Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
c. Several blocks away?
d. A block away?
e. Several yards away?
f. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
It moved behind: Cloud

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
It moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other: Naked eye only


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color: Silvery and luminescent

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wing, protrusions, etc., and especially without trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Detailed hand-drawn diagrams showing objects moving in S.E. direction, with notes about visibility and cloud/vapor details]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred ✓
               b. Lite or bright line
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? TWO
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Additional hand-drawn diagram showing two objects moving in S.E. direction]


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

STRAIGHT LINE S. E.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
I CANNOT

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? SUDDENLY, IN A CLEAR BLUE BACKGROUND. IT WOULD BE LIKE "SNUFFING" OUT A LIGHT.

24. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? My type of material would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Perhaps aluminum or stainless steel. It would be spherical, and perhaps 50 ft. in diameter (this is a wild guess). I can think of no known common object such as this appeared to me.


- page 15 -

