Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
24 June 53 24/0516Z

2. SOURCE
Civilian

3. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Multiple or One

4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 Minutes

5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

6. COURSE
Maneuvered

7. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

9. LOCATION
Hampton Bays, L. I., New York

10. CONCLUSION
PSYCHOLOGICAL
Regarded as inclination on the part of the observer.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
See Case File

FORM
PTD SEP 53 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Supplemental
Report.

Subject: Small Flying Torpedo-like Craft.
Date of Occurrence: October 1, 1953.
Page 11.

Tail fin. The ends were what appeared to be the same dull aluminum like material previously described on page 3, that is, were in front joined and was located and the rear tail fin. Next to the front and rear, looking towards the center section, were two small red sections, whose light did not fluctuate, and then the center section comprising the rear part of the tail fin, contained, of an overall green glow, surrounded by a dense milky white glow. Both the green and the white being brilliant when seen at this distance. The next consisting of the red sections and the green and white section, seemed to be a translucent material, so that the lights and colors showed through it.

The green fluctuated in intensity, shining brilliantly when the craft was still, but dims, forward or down, forward or backward, or when turning or circling. The white glow also fluctuated in intensity, in the same manner as the green, the two colors acting and behaving, in unison. It seemed in appearance, to be an aerial type torpedo, remotely controlled.

Between the tail fin and the rear red section and the green and white middle section; between the middle section and the front red section, and between the front red section and the nose, were divisional walls, which on the outside cutting, appeared to be scored like a flashlight is made, so that each section could be taken apart separately.

It stayed at the trees for about two minutes, turning now and then, so that I was able to view it from different angles, and then when I recovered the power of locomotion and I moved toward the edge of our porch to get a better view, it took off upward with a flash of speed, which I could not follow and disappeared into the starlit night above.

Nothing occurred the following evening, October 2nd, Friday, nor on Saturday evening, October 3rd, 1953.

I didn't report the occurrence to the police, October 1, as I was fairly shaken up by what I had seen, and it never occurred to me to report it at once. Besides it had flown away, and they would have just had my word that it had even been there. I didn't notice it any of the others were there, so I came in and nervously went to bed.


- page 2 -

Supplemental
Report.

Subject: Small Flying Torpedo-like Craft.
Date of Occurrence: October 4th, 1953.
Page Ten.

On Sunday evening, October 4th, 1953, at the large house diagonal from us which I described in my report on the large disc, I spotted another of these small craft. There also was one directly opposite our house on the other side of the creek.

Each of these explored the exterior of these dark houses, from top to bottom, and completely around each house. This senseless exhibition went on from darkness until past midnight, when I finally gave up watching to go to bed. How much longer it lasted, I cannot say, or what it was looking for either. Each would systematically explore their chosen house, flying slowly all around and from top to bottom, sometimes stopping for several or more seconds to examine something in detail.

I can assure you they were not light reflections from the water, the buoy at the head of the bay, or street lights. The next day I personally went over to the other shore in my car in order to check up if it possibly was a reflection from street lights, and I guarantee that was not what I saw. The few cars that I passed by on the road on the opposite shore were negligible and their lights had no effects whatsoever on the exhibition.

It would seem that these small crafts are controlled remotely from something above unseen or unheard. Their gyrations are not smooth, but rather bouncy and jerky in movement, while they are in motion, rather like a puppet controlled by strings. They also seem to fly in a given area, first doing one way and then circling around and covering the same territory, going up, down, etc. while doing so, as if they were examining; every inch in minute detail.


- page 3 -

Supplemental
Report.

Subject: Small Flying Torpedo-like Craft, et al.
Date of Occurrence: October 5th, 1953.
Page Eleven.

Since completing the other report on the small torpedo-like craft, I spotted two more on the evening of October 5th, (Monday), 1953, in the same vicinity of the two on October 4th (Page Ten).

Another event occurred this evening at about 9:45 P.M. An object hit the side wall of our house, the concussion was so great, that it caused a felt hat hanging on a nail above the bed, to fall completely off the nail onto the bed. I didn't investigate the cause, as I was alone with my six year old son, and rather alarmed since all these previous happenings.

At 10:00 P.M. I was in our bedroom with the shades and curtains drawn, a thing I never used to bother about, but since these various events, I now do. At any rate I heard quite a loud thump against our door, which is very sturdily constructed, and which extends into Smith's Creek for forty feet.

I cautiously pushed back the curtain and peered out into the darkness, and thought I glimpsed a small shadowy figure dash towards our dock, also I heard voices although I couldn't make out what they were saying. However, they seemed close to our house, and were rather excited and bounded as though they were running fast, and had jumped over something outside. Whatever had been there, flashed away in a burst of speed and all I finally glimpsed were about five blurred red lights, departing at top speed. This time the sound of the craft was that of a light seaplane or motorcycle engine, although several seconds later, I heard the similar hum described about in my first description of the large disc. (Page Two).

It was not a boat, as no waves appeared in the water. It had headed North on Smith's Creek, and in the interval of one or two seconds had vanished into the night.

The two smaller torpedo-like crafts continued their gyrations on the opposite shore, so I thought this will go on all night, and wearily I went to bed about 10:30 P.M.

I did not report this event to the police, since what I had seen was gone in a matter of minutes.

The next day I noticed odd type heel prints in the earth, by the lower pool, next to the house and near the dock. I had my husband make several plaster casts of the prints. One peculiar formation 1 & 1/2 on then. There are also raised areas, like a dices of metal, or such had been located in the area, causing the heel to make these holes in the earth as they passed over it.


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

checked with Eng. - says cannot be mailed.
Says does not believe

Wuerick Ore.
End Europe, I.T.

Howell
Nov. 36, 1953


- page 5 -

Supplemental
Report.

Subject: Small Flying Torpedo-like Craft.
Date of Occurrence: October 6th, 1953.
Page Twelve.

On Tuesday evening, October 6th, 1953, shortly after dusk, my six year old son James and I were on the front porch of our home, when we both spotted one of these torpedo-like craft directly opposite us, on the "east shore of Smith's Creek." We watched it for a while, when I said to my little son, "I'm going to call the police." After last night's occurrences and previous ones, I had finally had enough. I decided I was dealing with unknown events, and whether they were sponsored by the Russians, or space beings, it was something which was alien to the American way of living, and should be reported to an authority. So not knowing who to call, I called the police.

I must admit that I felt rather silly, when I was finally connected to the police. It makes one feel peculiar, explaining that for four nights you have watched odd lights "racing around houses, trees, and bushes." I didn't mention about the voices or other contact heard the night before, since I had no proof for them regarding that event.

However, I explained to the police about the lights, so they said they would send a car down. The police car had a hard time finding our private road, but he finally got here. One officer came down and I told him about the lights, etc. and showed it to him on the porch, and then we went outside. The time was around 7:00 P.M. he was, I believe, a state trooper from the Riverhead, L.I., stationhouse, since the local office was closed when I called.

At first he thought it might be an optical illusion, but when after he watched it for awhile, he said, "I'd swear my eyes are playing tricks on me." I answered him by saying, "I had thought that about nine for the past four nights."

He looked at the light some more, and then asked directions and I give him the various names which I knew of the darkened property as on the opposite shore. In five minutes he was on the opposite shore exploring with his flashlight the area over there. I do not know if he contacted others, so I came in, ate my dinner about 7:30 P.M. and then continued my vigil of watching.

I should like to add that the small craft on this evening was particularly active and brilliant, whether it was because of the fact that it was within; quite hard, there cause these conditions, or what, I was a different variety from what I had seen on previous evenings, I cannot say, however I thought this fact worth mentioning.

At various times during this evening, I could see one light-reflections on the opposite shore, so I guess I wasn't the only one watching, now.


- page 6 -

Supplemental
Report.

Subject: Small Flying Torpedo-like Craft.
(Continuation) of Events of October 5th, 1953.
Page Thirteen.

This craft had kept up its gyrations until midnight when I
finally gave up and went to bed.

Several times during the evening, particularly after ten
o'clock I thought I heard the similar hum of the large disc, although
I couldn't be too certain outside point, as it could have been an air-
plane in the distance, however if these torpedo-like craft belong to
the large disc, I feel certain it is they who control its gyrations.

Another detail I should like to add is that both the large
and the small craft seem to like to hover near Cedar trees, whether it
is because they are so prevalent out here, or whether they have a natu-
ral affinity to Cedars, or would have some natural aerobic, or natural radio-activity, I do not know. I only know that those which
I have seen, pick out cedars even where there is a choice of others for
them to hover near or over. It may be mere coincidence, however, I
thought it worth mentioning. I have checked the ones over which I saw
the large disc in June, and also the one closest view of the torpedo
craft, with a compass, and noticed no deflection in the needle from N.

I shall have no further reports for a while, since I am leav-
ing Hampton Bays, until Monday October 12th, as my son gets a vacation
from school, and we are going to New York City. I have been nervous
and I am not easily scared, but I can assure you that even the strong-
est of us sometimes need a rest from some of the fantastic events which
I have viewed here. It isn't that I fear "that I have seen," so far all
the events have been harmless, it is just that I wonder what next is
going to happen, and if they will continue to just be mysterious and
harmless.


- page 7 -

Supplemental
Report.

Subject: Small Flying Torpedo-like Craft.
Date of Occurrence: October 13, 1953.
Page Fourteen.

About 7:00 P.M. I was again on our front porch, when I noticed one of the smaller craft across Smith's Creek from me. I watched it for a while, and then called some neighbors, who were there for the holiday. They came over and also saw it, although it was quite far from us, and wasn't too clear. They had to return to the city, so they left.

I continued to watch it some more, and then I called my husband on the telephone, and told him about it, and I debated as to whether I should again call the police.

At about 9:00 P.M. I called the state police in Riverhead, and told them I had previously reported odd lights on Oct. 6th, and that one was again over by Barnabas Road.

The desk sergeant was courteous, and asked my name, address and telephone number, and he said a car would investigate it.

He asked me if I could possibly be seeing lights reflected from the water? "No," I answered, "I was certain that it wasn't due to reflections or to street lights."

After that he hung up and I suppose a car was dispatched to the scene. I watched until about 9:30 P.M., and then went inside our house.


- page 8 -

Supplemental Report.

Subject: Concluding Report to Date.
Date of Occurrence: October 13th, 1953.
Page Thirteen.

On inspecting our dock this morning, Tuesday, October 13th, 1953, I found in three different places on the dock, recent fine fish scales. In one of the places, they were in a neat pile. I also found some scales on one of our benches.

The fish scales rather interested me and I thought the fact of their presence worth mentioning. Although I had been absent from here from Wednesday, October 7th to Monday, October 13th, 1953, and perhaps some local residents may have used the dock during my absence, I did not inspect the cook on Monday, October 12th, when I arrived here, and did not notice their presence then. No one was on the dock from Monday noon onward. I know sea-gulls and other seashore birds consume fish, but I have yet to see a seagull or other fish eating bird, scale their fish first before consuming it.

I guess our visitors from space, must have to eat, the same as we mortals have to do. Perhaps their food supply either runs low or gets monotonous for them and needs to be supplemented and replenished from time to time from foods found on the earth.

It would seem to me that the disc visitors are very curious, but also are shy. They do not seem to wish to be seen, yet their curiosity of earthly things seems to over ride their shyness at times, causing them to be under caution.

I have sketchily mentioned a few of these unusual events to several friends, as well as my two calls to the police regarding the odd lights, and one call to the sheriff regarding the fireball. However, I do not think much credence is given to this small torpedo like craft which I have seen. I can appreciate their point of view. Seeing, is believing - and if anyone had told me these facts, previous to my own initiation of seeing, then for myself, I would also have perhaps questioned the authenticity of such fantastic happenings. My only wish is that someone else out here will be treated to the close-up which I had on June 24th of the large disc, and also the close-up of the torpedo type craft which I had on October 1st. Believe me, I am no longer a scoffer of space ships, but now I think, "What new surprises have the sky visitors in store for me?" It is like a preview of things to come in the future.

I do not believe that I have been singled out by them out here for viewing of them or their machines; however I think this particular spot was chosen, first because of its location at the end of a private road, surrounded by woods on three sides and "in front." Its very isolated hidden location provided the necessary seclusion they desired. Since the first visit of the large disc in June, my place has been exposed to be deserted and dark, and now that the summer places are closed, even more privacy is given to them to explore. This is in detail.


- page 9 -

Supplemental Report:

Subject: Concluding Report to Date.
Occurrence:
Page Sixteen.

Another thing which may have caused the various types of inspection here from the discs, is the fact that we have two pools, a decorative one about 81 x 181 - then a flower garden - followed by a smaller wading pool 61 x 131. I do not know of any other place near here that have pools. I suppose from the air, in the bright moonlight, that they were quite noticeable, since they were white around their edges. The curiously of the disc was perhaps so great, that a closer inspection and investigation just had to be made by them, to find out what we had on our place.

Noting these various reports and details which I have taken the time to write up will help in your research. Also perhaps they may unravel some of fantastic materials which have occurred here since late June. Should any more occur, I shall report them to you, unless you designate some one else who should receive reports, in lieu of yourself.

Again I must admit that I am rather alarmed, but at the same time is long as they remain harmless to me, I am terribly fascinated by what has occurred and by what I have seen out here.

Respectfully,

[Signature redacted]


- page 10 -

21 OCT 1953

Mrs. [redacted]
Private Road off Springville Rd.
Hampden Bays, L. I., New York

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

This is to acknowledge receipt of your nice letter of 17 October 1953 addressed to Major General John Mc Cormack concerning Flying Disks.

Your letter was delivered to the office of Major General John Mc Cormack, United States Air Force, however, it is obvious that it was intended for Major General James Mc Cormack, Jr. who headed the United States Group that visited Canada during September 1953.

I have taken the liberty of forwarding your letter to the Commanding, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. That organization is responsible for investigating Flying Disks reports for the Air Force.

Sincerely,

GEORGE I. POOLE
Major, USAF
Assistant Executive
Directorate of Military Personnel


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Mrs. [redacted]
Private Road off Springville Rd.,
Hampton Bays, L.I., N.Y.                R.F.D.

October 17, 1953.

Major General John McCormack,
The Pentagon,
Washington, D.C.

Subject: "Disc"al.
Date of Occurrence: June 24, 1953.

Dear Sir:

I am enclosing herewith an article which I recently clipped in September 1953, from the "New York Times Newspaper."

An event occurred in front of my home in Hampton Bays, L.I., N.Y., which I haven't reported to any government officials, since I didn't know to whom I should report it.

However, after reading the enclosed article, I have decided to report the same to you, hoping that any information which I have will be of service to you, in your research on discs.

Previous to this event, which occurred on this particular June evening this year, I had half laughed at discs, but since this occurrence, I have stopped scoffing and hope I never again be so close. It is a fascinating, but also a terrifying experience, and I can assure you that I am not neurotic, and do not usually scare very easily.

These are the true events and this is what occurred, in chronological order, fantastic as it may read.

I was sitting on the front porch of our home, which is in Hampton Bays, L.I., N.Y., looking Southerly across the waters of Smith's Creek (a tributary of Shinnecock Bay). I was located on the East side of Smith's Creek, not far from its mouth.

It was a brilliant (full moonlit) evening. The moon at the time was located high in the heavens N.W. over Smith's Creek. The time was about 12:13 a.m., Wednesday, June 24th, 1953. By 12:31 a.m., the entire incident was entirely over, a total of about three minutes. (See enclosed map showing Smith's Creek and our location). Sheet # 3.

Across Smith's Creek about a half a mile away, is a large old two and a half story house belonging, I believe, to a "Squires" family. This house was dark, as well as the adjacent properties. My own home wasn't lighted, except for a night light, as I was alone.


- page 12 -

FOUR ENCLOSURE SHEETS

DRAWINGS WERE MADE
BY MY HUSBAND FROM
MY DESCRIPTIONS.

Mrs. [redacted]
Private Road off Springville
Road,
Hampton Bays, L.I.,N.Y.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

DECK ABT. 18" WIDE

LIGHTS - ABOUT 5' FROM EDGE OF DECK.

ELEMENT HAD WIRE WINDING ABOUT 16"DIA. THEREON

DETAIL OF GLOWING RED ELEMENT WITHIN LIGHT.

SHINY CAP ON TOP (LIKE DULL ALUMINUM)

LIGHTED AREA (BRILLIANT RED LIGHT)

DETAIL OF LIGHTS. THESE WERE SPACED ABOUT 12"TO 15" APART ENTIRELY AROUND DECK. LIGHTED AREA RESEMBLED PERSONAL LENS USED ON SHIPS.

ONCE, WHEN SHIP RESTED LEVEL, CABIN SLOWLY ROTATED THEN LARGE APPROX. ACES AND RETURNED TO CENTER POSITION (SOLID LINES) BEFORE LOWERING TO BOTTOM OF CONE. SHIP THEN TOOK OFF.

PLAN VIEW (FROM ABOVE) ABOUT 100 FT. DIA.

APPEARANCE RESEMBLED DULL ALUMINUM

POSITIONS OF CABIN: RAISED - LOWERED.

VERY SMALL RUDDER AND ELEVATION FIN.

CONNECTION PIECES BETWEEN DECK & CONE. ABOUT 3" OPEN SPACE BETWEEN DECK & CONE

ENLARGED DETAIL OF BOTTOM. HAD APPEARANCE OF A SECURING NUT.

CRAFT SIGHTED AT HAMPTON BAYS, L.I., N.Y. AT 12:18 AM, D.S.T., JUNE 24, 1953.

SHEET 1 OF 4


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

CABIN HAD ONLY ONE SUPPORT WHICH WAS VERY HIGHLY POLISHED (MORE THAN REST OF SHIP) AND LOOKED EXACTLY LIKE A CHROMIUM PLATED TELESCOPE.

PERSPECTIVE VIEW.
SCALE 1/8 = 1 FT.

CRAFT SIGHTED
AT HAMPTON BAYS, L.I., N.Y.
AT 12:18 A.M. D.S.T., JUNE 24, 1953.


- page 15 -

Here is the text I can see in the image:

TO RIVERHEAD

MONTAUK HWY.

STORES
CANOE
PLACE

L.I.R.R.

HAMPTON BAYS

CANAL

TIANA
BAY

SPRINGVILLE

PRIVATE
ROAD

CRAFT WAS
OBSERVED FROM
PORCH OF THIS
HOUSE

OLD HOUSE

CLEARED AREA
MARSHY GROUND

ABOUT
100 FT.
ELEV.

CRAFT REMAINED IN
THIS POSITION ABOUT
25 FT. ELEVATION FOR
ABOUT TWO MINUTES.
NEAR EDGE OF CRAFT
WAS ABOUT 35 FT.
FROM EDGE OF BEACH.

SMITH

U.S. COAST GUARD
STATION

SHINNECOCK
BAY

BRIDGE

ATLANTIC OCEAN

INLET

SHEET 3 OF 4


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

VIEW OF TAIL
FROM ABOVE

VIEW OF TAIL
FROM REAR

EXTREMELY BRILLIANT GREEN
LIGHT IN CENTRE, REMAINDER OF
THIS AREA CONTAINED A MILKY
WHITE LIGHT

DIAMETER- ABOUT 3'

THESE SECTIONS APPEARED
TO BE THREADED

THESE SECTIONS WERE OF TRANSPARENT
MATERIAL, LIKE GLASS.

SMOKE-LIKE SUBSTANCE
AROUND DULL RED LIGHT
OTHER END SIMILAR.

LENGTH ABOUT 12' TO 15'

OBJECT SIGHTED HOVERING
IN AIR AT HAMPTON BAYS, L.I., N.Y.
ON NIGHT OF OCT. 1, 1953.
ELEVATION ABOUT 15 FT. ABOVE GROUND.
DISTANCE ABOUT 30 FT. FROM OBSERVER.

SHEET 4 OF 4


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Letterhead details partially obscured]
Private Bag, Springville 26, 
Hampton Bays, L.I., N.Y.

December 1, 1953.

Commanding General,
Air Technical Intelligence Center,
Wright-Patterson Airforce Base,
Dayton, Ohio.

Dear Sir:

Enclosed herewith are some further reports on UFO events which have occurred here from October 30th, 1953 to November 14th, 1953. Please note that the first item listed on Page one of this report, is dated October 5, 1953, and is an item which I neglected to include in the report of October 17th, 1953, which I was incidentally a Major Newell Jones, USAF, to whom it should have been addressed.

Major George I. Poole, U.S.A.F. acknowledged receipt of my first report and said he had forwarded same to you.

Mr. of Darien, Connecticut was here yesterday, November 30th, 1953, and stated that although there was very little information which I could give him, that had not already been given in my report of October 17th, although he stated that he had not yet read the report. He also took pictures of the locations of users the various evening had taken.

Noting these reports will be of some service to you in your investigations on UFO's, and will, perhaps, give you a lead that I might be able, to view, I shall wait report same to your organization.

Respectfully,
[Signature obscured]


- page 18 -

SUPPLEMENT TO REPORTS MADE ON October 17, 1953.

October 5, 1953.
Subject: No moon, but light near woods like moonlight.

On looking out the bath room window around 7:00 P.M. tonight (no moon) sky clear, no haze, a rather odd phenomena occurred.

From the upper pool to the seawall, including our garden and lower pool, entirely over this area, it seemed to be bathed in a light similar to bright moonlight, yet all the surrounding area was dark. There were no headlight reflections from cars on the opposite side, not on our own private road, nor were there any searchlights.

It lasted all night until midnight when I retired. I mentioned the fact to my husband on the telephone and neither of us could figure it out. Unless our pools, etc. could have been under action from a hidden object in the sky. This light was on nothing else around here.

October 20, 1953.
Subject: Oval Shaped Yellowish White Light.

Time: about 11:30 P.M.

An odd light appeared beyond Kessler's Point. I first noticed it at about 100 foot altitude. It flew across Smith's Creek descending, as if it was. It was traveling from East to West. It went west the Peninsula, at an altitude of about 25 feet. I watched it until it disappeared on the horizon. Visibility was good, it was bright moonlight with very little haze. The moon was high in the heavens directly overhead.

I do not believe it was an airplane, as no body or wings were visible, also no reflection from metal parts. It appeared very small, with the color the same as an ordinary electric bulb. It was about 3 inches in diameter and about 6 inches long, seemed to be oval shaped. It made no sound.

Since I viewed it from over a quarter of a mile away, it may have been a little larger than the above dimensions. However, it appeared as simply a light detached, sailing along through the air.

October 31, 1953.
Subject: Magnetic Compasses Reverse Their Poles.

Some time during the past night (Tuesday, October 20, 1953) a new Boy Scout type magnetic compass which I recently purchased at Joe's, New York City, reversed its poles and direction, pointing from North to South. Another older compass which I had, at the same time, I first noticed at about 3:30 A.M. on Oct. 21, 1953. It was normal when I went to bed around midnight (Tue. Oct. 20, 1953.)

At 8:20 P.M. (Wed. Oct. 21, 1953) both compasses pointed Southwest 15 to 20 degrees off South. Now at 2:55 P.M. they are both pointing South. I have moved these both inside the house and outside, at various times.


- page 19 -

Thursday, October 23, 1953.
Subject: Magnetic Compass a reverse their noise (Cont.)

At 10:30 a.m. today, both compasses moved from the South to southeast by about 5 degrees.

At 1:15 p.m. both compasses moved from the South to Northwest, 20 degrees west of the magnetic North.

At 6:00 p.m. both compasses moved from North-northwest to their normal magnetic north.

Friday, October 23, 1953.
Subject: Small flying tornado like craft (First reported in my report of October 17, 1953).
Time: 9:00 p.m. Friday & 1:30 A.M. Sat.October 24, 1953.

About 9:00 p.m., sky overcast, moon hidden, visibility poor, I spotted two of these tornado-like craft. Diagonal train on the Peninsula, I called to my husband, but they had then flown to the other side and were gone by the time he got on the porch.

Several times during the night I again looked for them, but had no success in finding them again.

Then around 1:30 A.M. I again spotted three of them, one on the Peninsula and two down by the Sand Dunes (ocean). I called again to my husband and we watched them for about twenty minutes.

They gyrated around the Dunes and moved from opposite the Peninsula to beyond the land on our side (east) of Smith's Creek. We watched them through binoculars. The one on the Peninsula opposite us, gyrated up and down the bushes, then flew just above the water level, then upwards and disappeared into the night. The other two had flown beyond our viewing range.

Saturday, October 24, 1953.
Subject: Fish Scales again on Dock.

On inspecting our dock again today, my husband and I and son, again found fish scales in three separate places. There were not leftovers from the previous occasion, since "when I went to get some of the others, only a few were left for my sample jar, and besides all day yesterday, until early evening it had rained. These new scales are almost in the identical spots where the previous ones were found. It can't be birds, as there is no bird dirt.

Around 1:00 A.M. while we were watching, the small tornado craft last at night, my husband thought he heard something move at the rear of our house. He quickly inspected, but saw or found nothing.


- page 20 -

Subject: Small Flying Torpedo-like Craft.
Saturday, October 25, 1953.
Time & Place: 8:30 P.M. On Road by Ocean Dunes, near Tiana Bay.

My husband and I and son were in our car driving along the road on the Dunes heading West towards Westhampton. We came to a cross road which leads up to the Dunes on one side, and also extends towards the bay on the other side for about a quarter of a block. We turned right, into the small area and then "west". To look out across Shinnecock Bay and Tiana Bay. Then we looked straight down the Dune Road (west), both my husband and I spotted one of these small torpedo craft in the distance. It was flying about eight or ten feet above the road.

This one was very deceptive. I noticed particularly if a car was driving past, then the light would remain motionless and to those who hadn't yet seen them, they would scarcely be noticed. As the car passed, then the craft would continue on its journey. If another car came along, again it would stop and remain motionless, and as the car passed, again the craft would continue.

We backed our car around and decided to head towards it; but before we got close enough for a good view of it, it had turned South and flew speedily out towards the sea.

Subject: Small Cymbal-like Craft.
October 25, 1953.

Today at dusk, between 5:30 P.M. and 6:00 P.M., I spotted three flashing objects as the sun was fading into twilight. They were small, bright metallic objects looking like a drummer's single cymbal upside down. They flew through the air at top speed, and flashed like metal when the sunlight hit them.

I'd say they were about a foot in diameter, slightly conical shaped, nothing seemingly inside them. Just round conical shape of aluminum-like metal. They flew like they were remotely guided. One flew east me while I was outside near our dock, it was only a few feet from me and about five feet above me (a close miss). I'd sure hate to be hit by one, at the speed they go. To make one from this, I couldn't judge if they were revolving or just flying.

Sometimes they would fly level like a pie man, other times vertical, and other times a slow between vertical and horizontal, and vertical. They all listened and sparkled in the sunlight like bright aluminum. They were not birds, no living bird could go the speed they went.

They seemed to fly in an oval path and came by three or four times, before they gave up and went straight up into the sky - fast. The three of them only came close just once, and only one of the three whizzed by real close, as previously stated above.


- page 21 -

October 27, 1953.
Subject: Small Flying Torpedo like Craft.

Around 5:45 P.M. I spotted one of these small craft on the opposite shore from us, diagonal near the Peninsula. Then I couldn't see it for awhile. A short time later I again spotted it in front of Squire's house, which was in darkness. It stayed there for about a minute or less, moving around the front of this house. Again it disappeared.

Around 7:00 P.M. or later I again spotted it in the vicinity of Squire's house gyrating around the bushes. This lasted for a minute or less and then it again disappeared.

At intervals during the evening I searched for it, but had no success in again viewing the craft.

November 4, 1953.
Subject: Small Flying Torpedo like Craft.

I was telephoning my husband when I looked out the window of the house near the water, and spotted two or three small type craft in the field adjacent to our place near Kessler's woods.

They gyrated around tree tops and lower bushes and then disappeared further into the woods, until they were out of sight. A third one was seen and gyrated low above the ground in our parking area. After a few minutes this one also disappeared into the wooded area beyond our parking area.

I told my husband on the telephone about them, as their gyrations were going on while I was talking to him.

I looked several times later during the evening, but didn't see them again. This command performance of these three small craft had lasted within my viewing range for a total of about ten or fifteen minutes.

November 5, 1953.
Subject: Deviation of Compass & Distortion of T.V. Picture.

From 8:30 P.M. onward violent large round bars appeared suddenly while I was looking at our T.V. set. The picture also faded and cut out, then came back, only to fade again. This continued for one hour until 9:30 P.M. when the picture again returned to normal.

Compass readings:

At 8:00 P.M. Compass was 10 degrees East of North.
At 9:00 P.M. Compass was 20 degrees East of North.
At 9:10 P.M. Compass was 30 degrees East of North.
At 9:20 P.M. Compass was 50 degrees East of North.
At 9:30 P.M. Compass returned to North and remained normal thereafter the remainder of the evening.


- page 22 -

Date of Occurrence:
June 24, 1953.

Subject: "Disc"
Page Two.

Opting for my six year old son, who was in bed asleep inside the bed room, where the dim night light was located.

Suddenly a large aircraft appeared over Squire's house roof, about 100 feet up, and coming from the Southwest, which is the direction of the Atlantic Ocean beyond. This craft was moving very slowly for an airplane and I thought to myself, "that it had an unusual quality of red lights. In fact from this distance, it looked as though there was out a single neon circular red light around the entire outside of the craft."

I thought, "They sure don't want this craft to be hit by another, because of the red light completely around it."

COURSE:

Its course was directly toward my house and as it approached, it banked slowly to Port and then to Starboard, while crossing the water. But Alex Grayson during those banks, I have ridden in airplanes on many occasions, and have noticed that they invariably make a turn as they bank, contrary to the performance of this craft.

I had no fear whatever of the craft or its occupants and took for granted that it was a regular airplane or helicopter; but I was concerned that it was descending slowly as it came in my direction, and then at night either crash, near or into my house.

It was now approximately 75 feet or less above the ground, and was moving forward about 30 miles or less per hour.

Now it began passing near my porch roof. Without warning, it stopped instantly, just like a car braked by an emergency brake, and it slowly backed up to an open marsh area on the waterfront, which is about 100 feet South of my porch. This area is about 100 feet across, and is covered with short marsh type grass, on wet black soil, and is surrounded by three or three sides and the water on the East side. The craft stopped directly over this area.

SOUND OF CRAFT:

It stood perfectly still, with no sound, except a low pitched hum about equal to a 60 cycle hum of a home type charger battery (or equal to the low hum of many bees). One edge of the craft was only 30 or 35 feet from my front porch. I only wish I had a loaded camera, so I could have gotten a picture of it.

LACK OF INSIGNIA OR NUMERICAL IDENTIFICATION:

My first reaction to the semi-profile view was that it must be an experimental military plane, looking for an emergency landing spot. So I looked for markings or insignia, but saw none. I had stood up and walked to the edge of the porch for a better view. When the craft


- page 23 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 5.

November 5, 1953.
(Continued) Subject: Deviation of Compass & Distortion of T.V. Picture.

Readings of the compass were taken on an old compass and also my new Scout type compass. Both were identical in their readings throughout this occurrence of compass deviation from the true magnetic north, and both returned individually to normal whenever the magnetic force had passed by, or whatever unknown event which had caused their deviation had disappeared.

November 13, 1953.
Subject: Small flying tornado like craft.

From 10:00 to 10:15 P.M. I saw one of these small tornado like craft gyrating around the front side of Squire's darkened house near the Peninsula. This craft gyrated up and near the second floor at the front of this house.

These gyrations kept up for about fifteen minutes, then the small craft disappeared around the far side of the house.

I came back into our house, and at intervals again looked for it, but didn't succeed in again finding it, at any time during the rest of the evening before I finally went to bed.

November 18, 1953.
Subject: T.V. Set - Large Horizontal Bars & Overlapping of Stations including Long Distance Reception.

Tonight between 6:00 P.M. until 7:30 P.M. large round horizontal bars appeared on our T.V. set, on all the receptive stations here, i.e. Channels 2-4-5-6.

There was also an overlapping of stations especially on Channel 2. Sometimes when the T.V. reception is good out here, we are able to get Channel 5 in Philadelphia very clearly.

This evening, however, on Channel 2 I got New York City, then it would fade out and in would come Philadelphia Channel 3 on Channel 2, then this would fade and in would come a station from St. Louis, Missouri, with a very clear picture and good voice diction. This lasted about a minute - then back in would come Philadelphia, and after Philadelphia had faded, back again would come New York City.

I tried Channel 4, but the picture cut out, and also overlaid, and all I got on this Channel were the large and horizontal bars. The same appeared on Channel 5 and 6. The only difference on Channels 5 and 6 was there was no overlapping, just the horizontal bars.

This distortion and overlapping and horizontal bar reception kept up for an hour and a half, when just as suddenly as it had appeared, it disappeared, and reception was again normal, as though nothing had occurred. In fact now Philadelphia would only come in through its proper Channel 5, and only the voice now came through.


- page 24 -

November 13, 1953.

Continued: Subject: T.V. Set Lens Horizontal Bars & Overlapping of
Stations including: Long Distance Reception.

During this interval of an hour and a half, I checked both
magnetic compasses and noticed only once around 7:00 P.M. when the
needles on both of them went from due North to due East, then a little
towards South, then back again to North, there they stayed for the
balance of the evening until I realized around 11:30 P.M.

Several times I went outside to see if any planes or discs
were here about causing this T.V. disturbance, but saw or heard none.

(Omra)

Hampton Bays, L.I., N.Y.


- page 25 -

8 December 1953

American Machine & Foundry Company
Executive Offices
511 Fifth Avenue
New York 17, New York

Attention:   Ms. Alexander C. Wall
              Assistant to Vice President
              Engineering Division

Dear Ms. Wall:

In the absence of Brigadier General Garland who, as you may know, is presently in Walter Reed Hospital in Washington, D. C., I am taking the liberty of acknowledging the receipt of your letters of 18 November and 2 December 1953.

In that I was not involved in your conversation with General Garland and our people here, I am asking Lt Colonel Johnson to review your letters and the inclosures.

I am sure that were General Garland here, he would express his appreciation for your assistance and interest in this matter.

Very truly yours,

GEO. L. WERTENBAKER
Colonel, USAF
Commander

cc: ATIA


- page 26 -

AMERICAN MACHINE & FOUNDRY COMPANY
EXECUTIVE OFFICES, 311 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK 17, N. Y., Murray Hill 7-9100

December 2, 1953

Commanding General
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Attention: Brig. General Garland

Subject: Hampton Bays Sighting

Dear Sir:

Yesterday I visited Mrs. [redacted], and, without revealing any connection with ATIC, discussed her sighting with her, took some photographs of the area and her, contacted the State Police Station at Riverhead, New York, and the South Hampton Town Police.

Mrs. [redacted] appeared to be quite normal and repeated the information given in her report very accurately. So far as I could tell she did not appear to add any embellishments. Her husband was also present and appeared to believe implicitly in her statements, but has not seen any of these phenomena himself. Since the sighting of the original disc, Mrs. [redacted] has had a relatively large number of other experiences consisting mainly in observing moving lights and small torpedo-like craft. They showed me plaster casts of strange footprints which looked remarkably similar to "Yeti" prints to me.

A number of strange "goings on" appear to bear very little relation to the original sighting, and many of them are quite fantastic. Mrs. [redacted] was under the impression that she had called the State Police as mentioned on page 12 of her report. I stopped in the Riverhead Station and the State Police HQ record on the blotter as of October 6. We then checked the South Hampton Town Police and found that Patrolman Carl Eng had visited Mrs. [redacted] on October 6. I talked to Patrolman Eng and he said that after watching the lights which did not appear to move in the manner that Mrs. [redacted] thought they moved, he came to the conclusion that was a portion of needless across the bay. After leaving Mrs. [redacted], he drove over to the other side and concluded that in observing a car following the turns in the road, it might appear to someone


- page 27 -

Commanding General                     -2-                     December 9, 1953

on the opposite side that the strange lights were moving about 1/2
the air. Peculiar fog which on little or this time he had
completely forgotten the incident until I called him.

The only plausible explanation which I can make for this is that
Mrs. ████, while sitting on her porch on June 24, possibly had a
rather vivid dream. She had been reading about someone prior to
this time and so was aware of this subject. This dream may have
been sufficiently vivid so that she actually believes she saw
such a saucery and the following sightings have been the result of
natural occurrences which her active imagination has amplified,
though probably with all sincerity. Mrs. ████ appears to be a
person of rather limited educational background but an obvious
active imagination. I doubt if I would be worthwhile for any of
your investigators to contact Mrs. ████, though I am sure she would
be very happy to talk to anyone. I was unable to detect any
ulterior motive of any kind.

For your amusement we enclose the latest "saucer sighting" made in
the vicinity of our Research Laboratory in Chicago with the aid
of some ping pong balls and a tobacco humor top.

Enclosed you will find the original report by Mrs. ████ for your
files, and also the snapshots of Mrs. ████ in the Hampton Bays
area.

Very truly yours,

[Signature]
Alexander G. Wall
Assistant to Vice President
Engineering Division

ACWkm
Atch (3)


- page 28 -

AMERICAN MACHINE & FOUNDRY COMPANY
EXECUTIVE OFFICES, 211 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK 17, N. Y., Murray Hill 7-2100

November 18, 1953

Commanding General
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

ATTENTION: Brig. General Garland

Dear Sir:

As I mentioned in our recent visit, we had one of our Canadian associates check with the Canadian authorities in regard to their interest in "Project Bluebook". We find that their reaction is very similar to yours in that they do not place the kind of emphasis on this subject that Major Keyhoe would lead us to believe.

Enclosed are a few clippings from Canadian and Chicago papers that you may not have seen. We checked with the Canadian authorities on these stories and find that this "listening station" is not a Government-sponsored affair, but is rather being done on an informal basis by Mr. Wilbur Smith in connection with the regular observation station at Shirley's Bay.

This Saturday I have an appointment to talk to Mrs. [redacted], so I should be able to give you something of a story on that next week.

Very truly yours,

Alexander C. Wall
Assistant to Vice President
Engineering Division

AGW:knh
Att.


- page 29 -

This case includes three (3) 4½" x 3½" photographs.


- page 30 -

There is no legible text on this document. The page contains three black and white photographs:

1. Top photo: A person sitting outdoors, with trees and a structure in the background
2. Middle photo: A landscape with a tall tree or cypress, water or a field in the background
3. Bottom photo: A landscape with what appears to be a shoreline or waterfront, with a vertical post or pole in the foreground


- page 31 -

Flying Saucer Lookout
Lab Set Up in Canada

BY EUGENE GRIFFIN
(Column Science Service)

OTTAWA, Nov. 11 -- Establishment of a Canadian government observatory for flying saucers, the first in the world, was announced here tonight.

"There is a very high degree of probability that flying saucers are real objects, and a 50 per cent probability that they are alien vehicles," Wilbert B. Smith, scientist appointed to supervise the new saucer sighting station, said.

He said the federal transport department, in which he has charge of telecommunications broadcast and measurement section, receives constant reports of sightings of flying saucers. The total number, he said, is classified as restricted information.

Explanation Illusory:
"The optical illusion explanation is lovely," he said, "but in every sighting there is always some factor that precludes this explanation. We have decided to try to learn just what they are."

Canada's sighting station is being located at Shirley Bay, on the Ottawa river 10 miles west of here. Smith said any one location in Canada is sure to have at least one saucer sighting in a year.

The project, which is under the transport department and the defense research board, will be a theoretical physicist and a specialist in gravitational studies.

A 24-hour watch will be kept for saucers. Specially built equipment is wired to alarm bells. The equipment includes an ionospheric reactor, electronic devices for measurement of sounds, a gamma ray detector, a gravimeter and other paraphernalia.

Jet planes may be sent up to investigate any saucers reported by the station, from the air force field near Ottawa.

Never Pooh-Poohed:
Defense research scientists here never have pooh-poohed flying saucers, which have been publicly reported in nightmarish shapes and forms over Canadian cities. Some of them have been reported as multicolored cigar figurations.

Frequency of the saucer sightings has been noted here to rise with the increase in proximity of Mars to the earth.

Smith said he does not rule out the possibility that the saucers may come from outer space. Dr. D. M. Oland, chairman of the defense research board, and Dean J. Mackenzie, former president of the national research council, Canada's top two government scientists, always have refused to deny that flying saucers may be alien objects.


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

THE OTTAWA EVEN
OTTAWA, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1

'SAUCER' STATION
Government Backs
Shirley Bay Site
To Plot 'Objects'

By RICHARD JACKSON

A Flying Saucer Sighting Station, first in the world, is being built at Shirley Bay, 10 miles west of Ottawa, by the Department of Transport in co-operation with the Defence Research Board.

Responsible for obtaining and installing the electronic equipment is Wilbert E. Smith, engineer in charge of Telecommunications Division.

Top Scientific
Associated with him are Dr. James Wall, Dominion physical Climatologist; Dr. A. W. Bain, Board; John Hector Thompson, mechanical engineer of the Telecommunications Division, Toronto; Dr. C. D. Garland who specializes in gravitation studies at the Dominion Observatory.

The new Flying Saucer Station has an appropriate location within the Transport Department, and is departmental Directorate. No one can say what will happen, but the establishment (that of the Broad and Measurement Section of the Telecommunications Division to prove or disprove the existence of Flying Saucers).

The man and their equipment at the station, and it will be on a 24-hour operation within a few weeks, will seek to determine whether certain aerial phenomena follows the pattern of technology postulated by many astro-physicists who believe that these strange objects might be real.

The station is equipped with an ionospheric research, an electronic device to determine the height, pattern and conduct of changes in intensity of gamma and X radiation.

The ionized layer begins so much higher than the ionospheric mile.

New planes can fly higher than 12 miles above the earth.

Alien 'Thing'
From Mars?
One of the things that fascinates Science shows Flying Saucers is the Interesting coincidence of their oc-


- page 33 -

Date of Occurrence:
June 24, 1953

Subject: "Disc"
Page Three.

slowly began to descend to about 25 feet above the ground. It stopped descending and slowly tilted away from me, exposing the bottom view, which was completely round on top and was shaped like a cone, with the point down. It glinted in the moonlight like dull aluminum. There was no movement: forward, backward or in any direction. My knees now began to get weak, as I realized it was not an airplane, or a helicopter, but must be a so called 'Saucer' or 'Disc'. The craft slowly returned to a level position and then slowly tilted so that the topside was in my direction.

DESCRIPTION OF CRAFT. (See Sheets #1 & #2)

If I was startled before, I was flabbergasted at what I now saw. The red lights were spaced about one foot apart around the entire circle of the craft at the top of the cone, and there was a narrow deck, about 18 inches wide. These lights were located about 5 inches from the front edge of this circular deck.

The circle of the cone I believe was 75 to 100 feet in diameter and the depth of the cone about 8 to 10 feet. It was quite a shallow cone for the width of the craft.

That was only the beginning. Inside the open cone beyond the deck was a stream lined cabin, also with an appearance of dull aluminum. The cabin was about 25 feet long and 10 to 12 feet wide, and about 7 to 8 feet high. It was streamlined like an aluminum discharge and had four tear drop shaped windows on the left hand side which was toward me. I didn't see the other side of the cabin at any time, so cannot say if it had a door, or the same amount of windows. The windows did not appear to be wide to be opened. Within the cabin through the first front window, I was able to view a large instrument panel crammed with dials and gauges, and lighted by a long tubular blue light, extending across the entire panel with a shield to reflect all the light downward to the panel and darken the upper part of the cabin.

I did not see any occupants of the plane at any time.

The cabin had only one connection to the bottom of the cone, which was a shiny column like chromium, which looked about the size of columns used to raise automobiles in garages. It had one difference though, its lower half was a layer thinner than the upper half, which gave it the appearance of a telescope. The rim of the cone had the narrow horizontal deck about 13 inches wide supporting the red lights, as I have previously stated. I noticed nothing beneath this deck all around, when the craft tilted toward me.

The lights were about 13 inches high and had that appeared to be fresnel lenses of glass, or a glass-like substance, with a small aluminum like cap on top, and they seemed to sit in sockets on the deck.

The glow from these lights was a medium red similar to the


- page 34 -

Here is the text I can read from the image:

EVENING JOURNAL
NOVEMBER 11, 1953 - FORTY PAGES

HOME
EDITION
PRICE 5 CENTS
By Carrier 35c Weekly

ON FOR OTTAWA


- page 35 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Government Backs
Shirley Bay Site
To Plot 'Objects'
By RICHARD JACKSON
A Flying Saucer 'Sighting Station, first in the world, is being built at Shirley Bay, 10 miles from Ottawa, by the Department of Transport in co-operation with the Defence Department.

Responsible for obtaining and installing the electronic equipment, and establishing the entirely new scientific approach to measurement, will be the Transport's Broadcast and Telecommunications Division.

Top Scientists Are: Dr. James Wait, theoretical physicist; Dr. John Desmond Bates, board; John Hector Thompson, expert of the telecommunications; Dr. Vernon Dyck, inspector; Dr. G. D. Garland who specializes in gravitational studies at the Dominion Observatory.

The new Flying Saucer Sighting Station within the Transport Department, and designed to determine whether the mysterious electronic phenomena follows the established scientific method, will be open soon.

The men and their equipment at the station, and it will be on a 24-hour operation to determine whether such celestial phenomena follows the path usually being Flying Saucer, actually equipped with an electronic device to determine the height, speed, and course of the ionized layer of gases, and radiation.

The formed layer begins 60 miles high and the ionospheric region above 7 miles.

Planes can fly higher, above the Noise Detection.

The site is equipped with electronic devices to measure known and unknown noise turbulences.

It is equipped, too with a sensitive detector, and most sensitive of all, a system most carefully and built by the men of the Flying Saucer unit to calibrate the acceleration, and detect its true gravitation pull.

It was with this that Dr. Garland of the Observatory made one of the first scientific measurements of the ionosphere.

Other equipment was built for the specific need of the Transport Department Telecommunications.

Alien Thing
From Mars?
One of the things that is fascinating science right now is the Flying Saucer. Is the latest of the interesting scientific phenomena of the Earth and Mars.

The closest line of approach occurs every 18 months.

It is then the "telemetry" of these 35-million-mile, precisely-coded messages will be ready to establish the whole matter.


- page 36 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

devices to unknown, radio noises and air-
craft.

This is a new device, con-
structed by the U. S. Naval Research
California, the researchers say.

Dr. wa- with this that Dr.
Solandt and the Canadian Defence
master came on loan from Projec-
tor the Pacific Coast, was painting
techniques staff.

The incident in the flying
saucer field occurred when Shirley
[illegible text] of the [illegible text]
node as a

it was portrayed by the many
night patrol pilots, radar operators
by air, sober and highly re-
spected people in the scientific
and American communities.

Some months ago by Defence
Research Dr. Solandt and Dr.
[illegible name] refused to join the scoffers who
ridiculed these reports as nothing
but hallucinations.

At that time, both Dr. Solandt
and Dr. MacKenzie said they
wouldn't—in fact, couldn't—
scientifically rule these out. They
then began to investigate. They
refused to accept any explanation
Their position then, and their
stance now, is that they just did
not know. They had not yet ac-
quired explaining.

The Flying Saucer Research
Board is now investigating.

Sightings Reported:
The sound, studies, and cor-
relates all the evidence as-
sembled by the Transport De-
partment.

This information is funnelled
to the Defence Research Board
in its latest discussions of the
flying saucer phenomenon. Dr.
Solandt, neither believer nor
disbeliever, said it was a prob-
lem requiring scientific investi-
gation.

The Flying Saucer Sighting
that Canadians most recently
have been concerned with ap-
pears to be a development
to the job of attempting
to provide a clearer under-
standing.

One of the things that fas-
cinated the scientists was the
proximity of the two planes of
the closest the two planets.

This 35-million-mile "prox-
imity" will soon be a good
name for the sighting. It will
be ready to establish the
truth or fiction of the whole
phenomenon.

Transport Department Dis-
closes that Wilbert E. Smith, who
is in charge of the Canadian
Broadcast Corporation, believes
there is a 90 percent chance of
being alien vehicles from
Outer Space.


- page 37 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

One-an-Hour Disc-Shaped Fighter
in Blueprint by U. S. and Canada

TORONTO, Sept. 16 — Top defense as far as it can go and research scientists from the United of technical data and research results were studied by General Putt
States conferred here today with Canada officials on super-secret and his party. The group also
Project Y, Canada's blueprint for viewed a forty-foot model of the
a disk-shaped fighter plane that jet-powered disk, whose pilot sits
can reach a speed of 1,500 miles in a stationary plastic bubble
in an hour after a vertical take-off. around which the engine revolves.

Lieut. Gen. Donald L. Putt, head The plane is said to have starof the Research and Development tling maneuverability, allowing it
Command of the United States Air to hover or dart in any direction.
Force, led a United States team of Take-off would probably be from a
twenty-five in discussions with Dr. type of catapult and the wheelO. M. Solandt, chairman of Cana- less craft could be pancaked to a
da's Defense Research Board; C. landing.
M. Drury, Deputy Defense Minis- The Canadian Government has
ter; and Gen. A. G. McNaughton, spent no money directly on the
head of the Canadian section of project to date, but has provided
the United States-Canada Joint two research teams that have
Defense Board. worked in secret surroundings at

Officially the touring group was near-by Malton.
here to view the new Mark IV The United States group, which
Canuck Jetfighter at A. V. Roe, includes Maj. Gen. John McCor-
Ltd., and naval radar installations mack, Dr. A. G. Hill, chief of
at Ferranti Electric, Ltd. But it the Lincoln Laboratory and J.
is known that the saucer-shaped Marchetti, technical director of the
fighter seized their imagination Cambridge Research Center, move
and demanded most of their atten- on to Ottawa tomorrow for brief-
tion. ing in Canada's progress in de-

A. V. Roe developed paper de- veloping a self-homing, radar-con-
velopment of evolutionary trolled guided missile.


- page 38 -

Here is the text from the document:

INDEX
Amusements—36-37
Births, Deaths—38
Editorials—39
Comics—42-43-58
Markets—22-23
Shipping—31
Sports—41
Weather—40
Women's—32-37

TORON
62ND YEAR

FLYING SAUCERS OR NOT?
CANADA SIGHTING STATION
TO SEEK SCIENTIFIC PROOF

ON THE LOOKOUT FOR FLYING SAUCERS?
By HAROLD GREER
Star Staff Correspondent

Ottawa, Nov. 11—The world's first scientific flying saucer sighting station is being constructed by Canadian electronic engineers at Shirley's Bay, 10 miles northwest of here.

The work of "Project Magnet"—code name for the secret development of a flying disc powered by electromagnetic propulsion—the station is being equipped with every conceivable type of recording device in the hope of obtaining the scientific measurements necessary to prove the existence of flying saucers.

STATION MANNED 24 HOURS A DAY

When completed, the station will be manned 24 hours a day. It will contain the various types of radar, an ionosphere recorder, a magnetometer to measure electrical charge, a recording gravometer to measure gravity and a radio set running full volume at 530 kilocycles to pick up any radio noise.

A bell will ring when any instrument is activated and personnel will be instructed to make such visual observations as they can. The all-important "any measurement, will be made by the instruments in the hope of getting any measurement to which we can attach a number."


- page 39 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ON THE LOOKOUT FOR FLYING SAUCERS?
By HAROLD GREER
Star Staff Correspondent

Ottawa, Nov. 11—The world's first scientific flying saucer sighting station is being constructed by Canadian electronic engineers at Shirley's Bay, 10 miles northwest of here.

The work of "Project Magnet"—code name for the secret development of a flying disc powered by electromagnetic propulsion—the station is being equipped with every conceivable type of recording device in the hope of obtaining the scientific measurements necessary to prove the existence of flying saucers.

STATION MANNED 24 HOURS A DAY
When completed, the station will be manned 24 hours a day. It will contain the various types of radar, an ionospheric recorder, a magnetometer to measure electrical charge, a recording gravometer to measure gravity and a radio set running full volume at 530 kilocycles to pick up any radio noise.

A bell will ring when any instrument is activated and personnel will be instructed to make such visual observations as they can. The all-important records, however, will be made by the instruments in the hope of getting "any measurement to which we can attach a number."

TO PROVIDE PROOF, NOW LACKING
It is this kind of scientific proof which has been lacking in the saucer sightings obtained so far in both this country and the United States. Because of this lack, scientists and officials who have analyzed flying saucer reports are split into two camps. One group—apparently the minority—is convinced that the weight of available evidence supports the belief that the saucers exist. The other group is equally satisfied that the sightings can be explained in the more conventional terms of atmospheric conditions, optical illusions and astronomical observations.

Both groups are amazed, however, that these reports, in their details, constitute some of the most scientifically significant information ever gathered.

The station will be the first attempt to secure such data. While it will not be expected to prove the saucer's existence, its worth is not expected to be established until late summer of next year, when, on basis of past expert analysis, another check will be made of its height.

"Project Magnet" researchers confirm that flying saucer reports have come in flurries about two years and two months apart. It may be or may not be significant that they have occurred in such a manner.

(Continued on Page 4, Col. 1)

The image appears to show several people standing near a large circular object, with the title "ON THE LOOKOUT FOR FLYING SAUCERS?" above the text.


- page 40 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FLYING SAUCERS OR NOT?
CANADA WILL SEEK PROOF

(Continued from Page One)

In connection to the earth and that reports are most frequent when Mars reaches its closest point to the earth, the Defence Research Board is now seeking to find out what these flying saucers are.

Secrecy Surrounds Reports
Since the board began systematic investigation of flying saucer reports last summer, an air of secrecy has surrounded the work. It is known, however, that a considerable number of reports have been received in the special forms printed in order to obtain as much precise observation as possible of these mysterious instruments making the sightings.

While not classified material, these forms are held to be "confidential" — the board has never published any analysis of them or made any report on the investigation.

Official sources indicate, however, that on interpretation of the evidence available (thus, Dr. A. J. Green, DRB aeronautics expert in charge of the investigation), it content to dismiss saucers as nonexistent.

At the moment, the engineer in charge of "Project Magnet," in the telecommunications division of the department of transport.

Sees "90% Probability"
The department has meteorological officers and radio operators from coast to coast and its understanding is that at least 90 per cent of the sightings are by far the bulk of the sightings explainable.

Analysis of all reports is done on a "probability" basis and has led Mr. Smith to conclude there is a 90 to 95 per cent probability that the sightings actually existed — in other words, that it was not a hoax or a delusion of the mind. There is a 60 per cent probability that the objects are "alien vehicles." A 10 per cent probability that they are natural phenomena, and a 20 per cent probability that they might be some form of time travel protoplasms.

In the middle between Dr. Green and Mr. Smith is the opinion represented by Dr. Peter Millman, astrophysicist at the Dominion Observatory. Dr. Millman agrees with Mr. Smith that the great majority of reported sightings are related to actual phenomena but feels the weight of evidence supports no conventional explanation. Not all sightings can be so explained, he admits, but that only emphasizes that man's existing knowledge is relatively very limited.

While data which will satisfy the scientific method is lacking, and its cooperation sought in obtaining accurate observations of these unusual phenomena. While this would produce a great many interesting results, it would not be easily settled. These can be easily studied by modern means of analysis.

Since the saucer believers are a minority in official circles, it is not likely that any official information or scientific reports will be published, unless the saucer believers can convince a conventional explanation which covers almost all cases. It is generally agreed that the average layman would conclude from the more dramatic sighting reports that flying saucers do indeed exist.

One of the Canadian sightings, for example, took place over an airport at night. Several persons saw a disc-like object moving at low altitude over the field at about 60 miles an hour.

A searchlight caught the object in its beam and a moment later it was gone. It moved at an incredible speed. Sightings of this kind, the sources are by no means rare, but it is precisely because they are dramatic and relatively common that most scientists fear the possibility of being able to present a lucid explanation.


- page 41 -

Date of Occurrence:
June 24, 1953.

Subject: "Discs".

Page Four:

Glow given off by an electrical heater or electrical resistance wires of a toaster. Through the glass are wired to be coiled wires around a center section, just like our electrical heater, except that the center section did not taper and the coiled wire seemed slightly thicker than those I've seen on heaters, however it was coiled around the center section, similar to electrical heating coils. This center section did not appear to extend to the swollen like can on top.

At the rear, there was a very small rudder and horizontal elevator fin, attached to the rim, directly aft of the cabin; but with no connection to the cabin. This tail assemblage was sufficiently within the rim to permit the red lights to continue within an unbroken circle. The tail assemblage was quite small in comparison to the size one would expect a craft of this size to have.

MOVEMENTS:

The craft slowly righted itself to horizontal and stayed perfectly still for about ten seconds. I was terrified as I noted this could slowly rising out of the sky. It stopped, and the cabin turned first to the starboard side and then to the port side, although the disc itself did not change position or move in any direction. Then the cabin slowly retracted within the cone, and the only part visible was the roof of the cabin and the first window forward, and a part of the second window forward.

During this entire time, there had been no sound other than the steady hum previously described. There was no breeze moving; and during the slow banking of the craft, I felt no heat whatsoever. I believe it was trying to land, but lacking any landing equipment, decided against doing so.

After many more seconds, the craft slowly tilted its eastern edge upward and then moved with incredible speed upward on an angle of about 30 degrees from horizontal in a S.E. direction. I watched in amazement as it completely disappeared into the sky in about three or four seconds. An additional very low sound, like a low hiss, was made as the craft sped away. There were no propellers, or jet movements on this craft and no visible motor, excepting the great quantities of red lights.

I have heard many airplane motors at close distances, and jet planes from the Westhampton Suffolk Base fly over our house frequently; but the sound of this craft was extremely low, so its power source was not a reciprocating engine, or a jet type motor. The above described craft had moved still over the marsh for about two minutes.

Just before it sped away a small animal came out of the


- page 42 -

Date of Occurrence:
June 24, 1953.

Subject: "Discs"
Page Five.

Nuance over which it had been. The minute hand was standing out straight in all directions. Believe me, it was nothing; no one.

About a year ago, in early June 1952, I had seen three such discs, about two or three miles away over Wm. Burt at night. They had the same red lights and moved in changing formations in various directions, before they even wound and disappeared. However these were too high and too far away for me to notice any details, so as the "disc I wanted" I was not able to see jets practicing. Although it bothered me at the time, how they could be, noiseless and then change formation so fast, and also how noiseless they were.

It would seem to me that the craft herein described, was run by some form of electrical means, control of overcoming the null of gravity and also capable of terrific speeds, or motion at all.

COLOR & SOUND:

The color of the red lights remained constant, with no change in color or intensity, no matter which way the craft went, and the sun did not increase or diminish, no matter what speed, etc., but also remained constant at the same pitch.

Although I imagine the tilts, etc., were controlled merely by increasing or decreasing the whatever part of the sun it was needed, in order to make it to forward, backward, or to tilt, or to raise or lower it. They were also able to control the speeds, from slow to stopping; completely, and then unimaginable forward and upward acceleration.

YELLOW MOLD OR FUNGUS:

One more thing: I should like to add in this report, is that a very peculiar yellow type mold appeared in a small garden which I have, and which is about 50 feet from where this incident occurred. I didn't notice it until Friday, June 26th, 1953, when my husband arrived here from New York City. It was oozing up from the ground, and was practically growing in front of us. It would ooze up and out of the ground and bubble up like a yellow liquid and froth, and then would dry and form like a fungus of yellow color, from three to four inches high. Well I was so uneasy by not, that I dug it up in a place or wood, and threw the mold into the garbage can. I realize now why I take, and that I should have saved it for a chemical analysis. I have never noticed this growth out here before, or since, and do not know whether it has any bearing on the visit of the disc, I am merely including this in this report, in case it will also be of some help to you.


- page 43 -

Date of Occurrence:
June 14, 1953

Subject: "Discs"
Page Six

Hoping this report will be of some service to you, it would really be a good idea, if you could tell private citizens like myself, and others, who might see these discs, to whom they should report such incidents. In several minutes, all had occurred and there is no proof for the witness, that such a thing was even there. Most people on hearing such an event, as I have related about above, would be inclined to question the sanity of the person describing it.

Out here in Hampton Bays they have an aircraft lookout service located near the center of the town; but really it should be located closer to the ocean. This craft came so low and quietly, that I am sure it wasn't seen or detected by them, or by any radar stations. I would never have heard it myself, had I not happened to be sitting on our front porch enjoying the beautiful moonlit evening.

I have hesitate to relate this event to anyone, and nobody has the complete description of the craft, excepting myself and my husband. I do hope that my description will help you in your research, and that our country can build a craft equal or better than other beings on earth or elsewhere in space.

If I can be of any further service to you, please do not hesitate to call upon me.

Respectfully yours,
[Signature]

Enclosures. Sheets #1-#2-#3-#4.

[Additional text at bottom of page appears to be administrative markings, partially illegible]


- page 44 -

Supplemental
Report.

Subject: "Fireball"
Page Seven.

Date of Occurrence:
September 28, 1953.

This event occurred in Hampton Bays, L.I., on Monday September 28, 1953, at about 8:27 P.M.

A fireball, quite large, newspaper later stated it was 10,000 feet up, although when I spotted it, it looked to me to be much closer. Came in from the direction of the ocean (South), and headed north-northwest over the middle of Smith's Creek. It was flying level, emitting fire. Its color was Blue White, and its speed was terrific. I heard no sound. Never having seen one before, I thought it was a jet or an airplane on fire.

I rushed in and called the Sheriff at about 8:23 P.M. A few minutes later several jets flew over Smith's Creek with searchlights on, then fanned out in various directions.


- page 45 -

Supplemental Report.
Subject: Small Flying Torpedo-like Craft.
Date of Occurrence: October 1, 1953.

Since completing my report on the large disc of June this year, another phenomena or event has occurred.

The first time I noticed it was on Thursday evening, October 1, 1953, also in the marsh adjacent to our house.

What I saw at 9:00 P.M. in the evening (no moon) appeared at a distance to be fireflies, only they were giant size. They flew around up and down the trees and bushes, just like fireflies do, and their glow would fluctuate in the same manner. I didn't pay too much attention to them, and I'd say there were about six or eight of them distributed on our side (East) of Smith's Creek in the marsh in front of me, and on the opposite (West) shore. I thought it rather odd to see fireflies in October, especially such large ones, however, I do know around salt water and salt marshes that sometimes phosphorescent glows occur, so I presumed it to be that kind of phenomena.

I went back into our house and turned on our Television Set, an hour passed (10:00 P.M.), so I thought I'll take another look out on our porch, which I did and still I saw my giant fireflies in the distance. I watched their gyrations for a while and then decided to go to bed. I came back into the house, and turned all the lights out except in the bed room, where I had the night light on again.

By about 10:30 P.M., I decided to have one last look out on our porch, since I kept thinking how odd it was to see fireflies in the Fall.

I didn't turn any lights on, but felt my way to our front door in the darkness. Now I can't decide whether I should have taken that last look, or not; because when I got to our front inside door and opened it, what I saw would call anyone's blood. In fact I froze at the doorway, and couldn't move an inch.

At the cedar tree in the marsh opposite our front porch, which is about 30 feet from our porch, located one third down from the top of this tree, was a brilliant emerald green steadily glowing, rather blinding. I thought to myself, "Oh, noisy eyes are tired and are playing tricks on me." So I shut them both for a few seconds, but when I opened them again, the 14-light was still there. Then I thought nervously it was the distant buoy, but I looked and the buoy was beyond where it had always been located, and my brilliant light was still in front of me.

I looked it over carefully for several minutes before it flew away. (See Illustration Sheet # 4)

DESCRIPTION:
It was about 12 to 15 inches long and about 3 inches in diameter, pointed at the nose like a torpedo, streamlined and with an odd...

[Note: The last sentence appears to be cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 46 -

