Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
28 August 53 29/0400

2. LOCATION
Jamestown, North Dakota

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Unidentified (COTTON)
Descriptions and drawings by a survey on Technical Information

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION

6. PHOTOS
Not

7. COURSE
Not

8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
□ No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
At first the object looked like a low at sky, then like a ball 12 close with a gray wall. Object
seemed solid & large.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-320 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. This smaller sketch is an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Handwritten notes on the image include:
- "Lumber yard"
- "west"
- "X Martin the where I was walking southward"

The document contains two sketches with curved lines and landscape scenes showing the position of an object in the sky at different times.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
29       8th         1953
Day      Month       Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes        No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes        No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
In my opinion I think what the object was an air apparatus made perhaps by a private experimenter or by a foreign government, perhaps Russia, and that it was radio controlled.


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 5,000 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object went?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it went? 43,380 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Jamestown, Zone 702, N.Dak.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? at Jamestown, Cafe
Age 37 Sex Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school X
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate
a. Technical school
f. Other special training Detective

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [blank]
Day    Month    Year


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repost information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, attachments, or abstracts that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observer's action in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [redacted]
SIGNATURE [redacted]
DATE Sept. 14, 1953

I looked toward the southeast and saw a moving light. I think that I saw it perhaps almost as soon as it could have been seen by as naked eye. I could easily see that it was moving. I worked around it to see if it had additional lights around it but saw none. It came large - drifting along very swiftly, and I had a feeling that I would maybe see something unusual. I was then greatly surprised to see the rather long straight tail come on the light almost instantaneously, and the whole thing looked like a single red light. It seemed to have a light glowing intense after it for an energy, and I thought it looked like it might be 25-50 miles from the earth more while it was going in.


- page 5 -

Text found on the page:

USAPTIS                                                                 Page 2

"Brilliance when it got a little to my right side and was obscured by an tree."


- page 6 -

29 AUG 1953
SOUTH COAST UCRTGAL

HYPO. CENTRAL BULLETIN

ABNORMAL REFRACTION
SOUTH COAST OF PORTUGAL

Second Officer of the American SS. Esteria, Capt. [illegible], Master, reports as follows: On the afternoon of August 29, 1953, at 1800 G. M. T., at anchor off Portimao, Portugal, in lat. 37°06' N., lon. 8°31.6' W., a period of abnormal refraction was observed. The ship appeared to be almost completely landlocked with a high building observed bearing 161° although the nearest land in that direction was Morocco, over 200 miles away. Other smaller buildings were observed and also sandy beaches. A vessel offshore bound for Cape Vincents was observed at its normal height. Later the vessel's height decreased slowly until it was normal. Clear sky, very surface haze, barometer 29.95 inches, air temperature 81° F., sea temperature 72° F.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified celestial phenomena that you have observed.

Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
? Aug 1953
Day Month Year

2. Time of day: 2-3:00 ?
Hours Minutes
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you previously or at the time? ON TOP OF A MOUNTAIN AREA
Previously: CAMP ROBERTS, 12 mi. SAN BERNARDINO MTNS. CALIFORNIA
City or Town State or County

5. How long was the object in sight? 15 Seconds
(Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
a. Not very sure
b. Sure

6.1 How was the object observed? Became of white while we watched
6.2 Who did you tell? The 7th squadron + 3 that a
last 3 minutes while we looked

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

Note: At the top right of the document, there is a handwritten note: "No Case Info Only"

FTO OCT 27 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 8 -

Jamestown, .D.
August 29, 1953

Charles Wilson
Secretary of Defense
Washington, D. C.

Dear Mr. Secretary:

I am a cafe cook here in
Jamestown. 
Will write just a few words
to tell about the flying
saucer I saw last night.

It was 10:00 P.M. (approximately)
when I went outside to go for
a short walk. I walked south
- and on 4th avenue, and when
I had walked about 1 block there
came a single light out of the
sky. This aircraft moved horizontally
and at night angles to this
direction. I was walking. I
thought it was an airplane.
Then almost immediately, I
saw that there was something
unusual about it - that it
was moving to fast to be
an airplane and to slow to


- page 9 -

(master or leading star on)
to be a comfort. The quiet - that
came to my mind was whether
I was seeing a flying saucer
such as I had heard and read
a little bit about. Then as the
light came moving across the
sky more directly in front of me
it appeared as a fire-bird glowing
saucer with a straight glowing
tail, going at a high rate of
speed. When it had gotten a
little ways to my right-as
large tree obscured the
saucer from my sight.
I do not know if anybody else
here in the city saw the light
or not.
That is all I can think of say-
ing about it.

Yours truly
[signature redacted]


- page 10 -

Questionnaire sent 15 September 1953


- page 11 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
28     August     1953
Day     Month      Year

2. Time of day: 10:21
               Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Jamestown     N.D.     Jamestown     North Dakota
Nearest Point                City or Town                State or Country

Additional remarks: I think I had almost crossed the street at
Interstate 281 when I saw it was waiting southwest on me-

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
               13
             Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright twilight

(Circle One): d. Just a trace of daylight
             e. No trace of daylight
             f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

             d. To your left
             e. Overhead
             f. Don't remember


- page 12 -

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and slow at any time?
c. Break up into parts or ...?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Yes   No


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: None.
    b. Color: At first an yellowish-light then as a bright burning coal.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch showing the progression of an object from a bright dot to a round shape to an elongated shape, with arrows indicating movement direction]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Lite or b get crisp
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The bottom section of the page is blank]


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion not the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A diagram showing a path from A to B with an arrow]

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
60 feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin   g. Silver dollar
               b. Pea             h. Baseball
               c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
               d. Nickel          j. Basketball
               e. Quarter         k. Other (specify size and shape)
               f. Half dollar     Looks and appeared about 4 to 6 feet in diameter

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22)
      a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? With the object was still shining brightly and moving swiftly it maneuvered and at will trace.

24. In order that you can give as close a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

At first the object had the appearance of a large star, then as a little round ball of light, and then as a fiery saucer with fiery tail. When it disappeared behind a tree it had begun to glow brilliantly again because it was going away. It was my intention to construct an object that I could have to outfit mechanical things I saw inside of it from my point of view and light it all up in metal.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was out for a walk. I guess I just happened to look in the direction while I saw the light coming.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
g. West
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
g. West
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
g. West
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
h. Northwest
(Noted: Southwest to Northwest)

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 16 -

