Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
August 1953

2. LOCATION
Centerville, Idaho

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
[Text is partially illegible]

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
0

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 - 15 mins

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD 164 64 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Aug 53
Shawnville, Ohio

C.R.F. NEWSLETTER

G. E. 3 FOCAL POINT:

G. E. and wife saw the object about 2:00 in a bright, hazy August sky. It was a brilliant milk-white disc flying low over Sharonville, Ohio. He said the object had a tendency to wobble and while it ascended in flight about 10 degrees it made a slight snapping or cracking sound; then turned on a sharp left angle and disappeared.

At 4:00 p.m. a similar object passed directly over the G. E. plant and stopped. Four astonished men watched the spectacle, not believing their eyes.

One of the witnesses was at the plant. He said he and the others were watching a low-flying plane going south, following a railroad track. When suddenly a blinding light appeared, soaring in from the East. The object was a "vivid oval shape, as big as the moon, looking like burning magnesium" and he recalls telling, "look, a flying saucer"! Then he said some man's amazement, the disc stopped abruptly "strangely overhead". Staley tried hard to describe what he saw next. After it stopped "the thing became elongated, and pulsated", he said, "looking like a worm squirming." "This wasn't my imagination", he said, adding, "he said, adding, 'It wasn't my imagination... my eyes are good and the other men saw the same thing'."

Although countless, said the disc left a short, squat appearance, but human experience in the vicinity was hard to describe the letter, save that the object as it stopped overhead was possibly the conveyance of some brilliant brilliance of the object, which started up "slowly, picked up momentum, looking like an egg, then disappeared into the horizon going too or above the speed of a jet." The object was clearly distinguishing cloudless clear blue sky.

The AFPRO has desired the rest of the August list story.


- page 2 -

