Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
11 July 53 12/0725R

2. LOCATION
Adrian, Michigan

3. SOURCE
Civilians

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Several

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NW

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
UNKON
Description of object similar to pillow balloons.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
One large and several small objects while possibly white balloons appeared to move, land, or float. Object drifted slowly and appeared into N.W.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-520 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: [Redacted]

The objects were first observed when I tried through high glass to view a Transport Plane (Constellation) that was obviously enroute from Detroit River to Chicago. This was at 3:55 PM at Blissm, Michigan. The objects appeared between the position and the plane. I put down the glasses and watched the objects which I thought was a bar-kite. I then made two more similar sightings which I assumed were kite "passengers" like we used to send up in the fifties-flying. The shape and action of the objects soon changed my assumption -- the larger one was swaying back and forth as if suspended on a string like a pendulum, while the smaller ones were darting around the larger one. They all drifted slowly up and to my left (toward north-west). I called to my wife to come out and bring another pair of glasses. It took a few minutes to find them. Now there were several small bright objects -- five, seven, maybe, some 20 or more times. I estimated about twenty. They were bright white visible -- with the naked eye and the larger object. Some similar and smaller (to minute after first sighting). My wife also could not quite time to get a fair view at the larger object, and saw several of the smaller ones closing.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

USAFTIS                                                                Page 2

By 15 minutes the larger object had different appearance with of my position and yet. The smaller objects were still flashing -- still moving slowly to the northwest, diminishing in brilliance and finally faded out of sight about 5 minutes after the larger object.

When I top moving slowly -- try to visualize a group of 6" discs moving very fast around an imaginary axis about 20 ft diameter and each on different axis -- but as a loose moving, slowly up out to the northwest -- and that the discs themselves were visible when caught in the sunlight!

It is possible that the Airforce Pilot may have seen the objects -- off his right wing and down, as I would estimate his altitude at about 4000 ft. If he got to them at a higher altitude, my estimate of size and distance of the objects are false.

The sky was quite clear and blue -- many white clouds and I noticed the objects were more clearly visible when silhouetted against the clouds than against the blue.

There was a halo around the sun.

Fargo Area Television (12 mile from Detroit) was exceptionally good as well as well a couple hours after the lighting.


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.

Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes; and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
12     Aug     1953
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day:
3     35
Hour   Minutes

(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other Eastern Standard

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Adrian
City or Town           State or Country: Michigan

Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
20
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
(Circle One): Certain, Fairly certain, Not very sure, Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
Blue sky, white clouds
Photo around sun

(Circle One): Bright daylight, Dull daylight, Bright twilight, Just a trace of daylight, No trace of daylight, Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you, b. In back of you, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 9

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One) ✓ Yes     No     c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
✓ Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't Know
Don't Know
Don't Know
Don't Know
Don't Know
Don't Know
Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes     ✓ No     Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) ✓ Yes     No     Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
The small 2 brain moved around in front of minute at the large object

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) ✓ Solid?     b. Transparent     c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes     No
b. Sun glasses Yes     No
c. Windshield Yes     No
d. Window glass Yes     No

Binoculars 3X Yes     No
f. Telescope Yes     No
g. Theodolite Yes     No
h. Other


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: None
    b. Color: Large Object-- Varicolored -- Brownish
             Small Objects -- Silver -- Mirror like

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with accompanying text]

The large object should be described as shapeless. Perhaps like an octahedron shaped pattern partially outlined.

This object moved slowly upward (almost imperceptibly) but constantly swaying back & forth as if suspended... or like a falling leaf. Seemed quite good as a pendulum. Object moved toward and North-westerly from the earth. Very slight swaying, breeze blowing at the time.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember

    e. Other: Small objects, moving
             too far to distinguish
             close or outline, appeared
             will small direct

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Almost 20 Small objects
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

[A hand-drawn sketch of multiple objects with an arrow indicating direction]

While the large object was moving upward as described above, 17 other were several smaller objects within darting in the vicinity and around the larger one. There were only few notes when the large object was first observed at lower altitude. The number increasing as the large object became smaller. The smaller objects were visible for about 5 minutes after the large one faded out of sight.

The smallest objects seemed to go in a counter-clockwise direct ion, and were only visible when reflecting sun light.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
    Long object: 200 ft. estimated. Smaller object: 100 ft.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One): 
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea   Longer Object
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other: ________

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? 
[No text written]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Larger Object: A crude shape, like a colony or octopus. Seemed covered with Sunday paper dome color with sundry paper dome color fading away.

Smaller Object: Highly polished metallic surface, disc, about 15 size of larger object.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? I was parking
on Torrey - looking through field glasses to view a construction
transport plane approximately from the east. The object was
in the sky and I noticed it while looking through the glasses. I found
the object was slowly visible to the naked eye.
(Note in Group 2)

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was
from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North     85     degrees.
b. From horizon        35     degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North     40     degrees.
b. From horizon        62     degrees.


- page 8 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
12       July        1953

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes        No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes        No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes        No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? I have no thing to believe this was a flying saucer. It was clearly definite (three-dimensional) to be caused by weather or mirage. The similar objects building reflected something and seemed to follow a true arc (weather close-wise) around the horizon and would not have been visible ball.


- page 10 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes     No
First Sighting - 2000 ft. Approx. - 200 ft. 4 mi.
Dirs. Observed - 2000 ft.
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? (Circle one) 1/2 to 2 mi. away

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [street redacted], Adrian, Mich.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? Sales
Age 43     Sex Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school X
b. High school X
c. College
d. Post graduate

a. Technical school
b. (Type)
f. Other special training Factory Training
                            Production - Engineering

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 13     July     1953
    Day     Month     Year


- page 11 -

