Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
23 November 53 16/2015

2. LOCATION
Manitowoc, Wis.

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
45 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
No traverse

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒No

10. CONCLUSION
Unknown (D.R.) Insufficient evidence to evaluate.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Sighted in color and shape of a sphere or disc. No movement.

FTD FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-520 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

USAF TIS

Page 2

Manitowoc where I borrowed a pair of binoculars from a neighbor.
As I live only a block from Lake Michigan I walked over to the
lake where I could get a clear view. As the binoculars were of poor
quality I couldn't see anymore with them than I could with my
naked eyes. I then returned home and waited until dark for another
observation but when I walked back to the lake the object was no
longer visible. The next day there was a solid overcast but on the
following day the sky cover was scattered with cumulus but otherwise
is was clear and bright. However the object was no longer visible.


- page 2 -

Project Sign
Wright Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio.

Gentlemen:

I wish to report a sighting of an unidentified flying object.

1...Object was silver color in the shape of a sphere or disk.
2...Object appeared the size of a lead pencil eraser when viewed from the top.

3...First sighting was at 12:45 Central Standard time Nov. 18th. Position due north...altitude above the northern horizon about twenty five degrees. Object hovering. Observed 15 for fifteen minutes.

4...Second observation 5:15 P.M. object in same position. Sky clear of clouds but some dust and smoke in atmosphere.

5...Third observation at 4:15 P.M. object in same position.
6...Fourth observation 6:40 P.M. object no longer visible.

Manitowoc Wis
Major Civil Air Patrol
Private Pilot license


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
12 NOV 1953
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 11 45
(Circle One): (A.M.) or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Manitowoc                Wis.
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

Additional remarks: [blank]

5. Estimate how long you saw the object: [blank] Hours [blank] Minutes [blank] Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright moonlight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:                                   (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                 Yes   No   Don't Know
b. Suddenly rush up and rush away at any time?        Yes   No   Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?                    Yes   No   Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?                                    Yes   No   Don't Know
e. Change brightness?                                 Yes   No   Don't Know
f. Change shape?                                      Yes   No   Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?                        Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear:  (Circle One):   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses                Yes   No
b. Sun glasses               Yes   No
c. Windshield                Yes   No
d. Window glass              Yes   No

e. Binoculars                Yes   No
f. Telescope                 Yes   No
g. Theodolite                Yes   No
h. Other: Medical Scope


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten text appears to be describing motion, but is partially illegible]

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
[No size estimate provided]

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other: ________

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Object was low hanging

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Object looked simply to Planet Venus, then viewed, am daytime with metal age, spherical, silver color, apparently solid.


- page 6 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
NOV 1957
Day    Month    Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
Viewed Similar object over lake near Kenosha
aug 1941, at the same kind of place nearby
closer with an object than this, I can't recall

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible, but appears to discuss the object and speculation about its nature, with some words not clearly discernible]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Manitowoc   Wis.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? Fuller Brush Dealer
Age 54    Sex M/lo
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

a. Technical school
b. Other special training Pilot License
Great School has license
Navigating, writing, etc. in commercial aviation

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [date partially illegible]


- page 9 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: December 6th, 1953

I do not recall the day of the month this observation was made, but it was the day before I reported it to your office by letter. My first observation was made in the country about ten miles south of Manitowoc. I was calling on Farmers this day and had stopped and parked my car for lunch. Having been identified with flying since 1917 and a pilot since 1922 and being an amateur astronomer and licensed ground school instructor in meteorology I most generally spend some time each day observing the sky from both an astronical and meteorlogical standpoint. While engaged in such observation, I saw this object in the sky. It was located one north as I took the trouble to line it's position up with a section line roads.

It's altitude above the northern horizon was about twenty five degrees. It appeared about this size of a lead pencil at arm's length. When viewed from the top of a pencil. The sky was clear and cloudless but there was a slight dust haze at high altitude which on occasion obscured the object for a few seconds. I checked my first view of object with my watch at its 11:45 A.M. My first thought that it might be either the star Vega or Capella. This I dismissed as being impossible as to my knowledge neither that would be visible at noon to the naked eye. The object was silver in color and shown with a steady light. It appeared much like the planet Venus when that planet is viewed with the naked eye during the day. I observed it until 12:00 noon and then went about my work. At four fifteen in the afternoon I stopped my car on a hill where I had a good clear view and again located the object in the same position. Seeing it in the same position immediately ruled out other than the star or balloon. The upper air winds would have moved the balloon and the rotation of the earth would have changed the apparent position of a star. The fact that this object was still in the same position after four hours and fifteen minutes captured my interest to the extent that I quit work for the day and immediately drove in to


- page 10 -

