There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing a standard form with various fields filled out by hand.

As an OCR system, the text I can extract from this document is as follows:

DATE - TIME GROUP: 1-SEPT-52
LOCATION: SYRACUSE, N. Y.
SOURCE: MILITARY
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: MINUTES - 25
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL
COURSE: HORIZONTAL
PHOTOS: NO
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NO
CONCLUDED - REPORT:
COMPLETED BY 10 OF ANALYSIS AND concluding for OBJECTIVE DATA

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet containing handwritten text.

OCR output:

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, observations, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME Mrs. Bessie W. Gahn
SIGNATURE Bessie W. Gahn
DATE January 13, 1953

Details already given, it appears to be a bombing flight with two small luminous objects both of them with strong lights underneath, and a good observation when morning was coming. A suggestion: if you can, inform me what this was.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about sightings of unidentified flying objects.

Transcription of the text in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We assure you that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2/13/52 - 1/15/53

2. Time of day: about 1:30 (Circle One: A.M. or P.M.)

3. Time zone: (Circle One) 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Syracuse, N.Y.

5. Estimate how long you saw the object. Minutes 2-3 Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.

a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky? Overcast - Seeing bright points

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the sun located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. To your left b. In back of you c. Overhead d. Don't remember

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, with various questions and response options for the observer to fill out.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, TWILIGHT, OR DAWN, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WAS THE OBJECT BRIGHTER THAN THE BACKGROUND OF THE SKY?
(Circle One):
a. Yes
b. No
c. Don't remember

10. IF IT WAS BRIGHTER THAN THE BACKGROUND OF THE SKY, HOW MUCH BRIGHTER WAS IT?
(Circle One):
a. A mile or more away it seemed about the same brightness
b. Several blocks away
c. A block away
d. Several yards away
e. Other

11. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up or slow down?
c. Change brightness?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness or pulsate?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulse?

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANYTIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One):
Yes (If you answered YES, then tell what)
No
Don't Know

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANYTIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One):
Yes (If you answered YES, then tell what)
No
Don't Know

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR?
(Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING?
a. Eyeballs 
b. Binoculars
c. Camera
d. Other

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound strange, no sound, very far off, other times
b. Color cloudy, white, orange reddish, lights within

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can observe such as size, proportions, etc., and especially indicate the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow to indicate the direction the object was moving.
The witness has drawn a diagram showing a saucer-shaped object with a bright light at the center, and arrows indicating it was moving in a straight line.

18. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                  b. Sharply defined
                  c. Other

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE, draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
Only one, it looked like a star, long straight.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing written instructions and questions.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? 

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. What type material would you use, and what shape would it give?

The text contains no other information besides the instructions and questions presented on the page.

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text from the document is as follows:

23. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside, but not in an airplane 
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

25. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Lying near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Light snow falling - had started observing stars about 6:30pm - observe this object on 2 or 3 occasions, each time about 6:45pm - 7:00pm

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 From true North __________degrees.
31.2 From horizon __________degrees.

- page 7 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with an object above the horizon line, and instructions to mark points "A" and "B" on the curved line to indicate the observed position of the object. The second sketch shows a larger landscape view with a curved horizon line, and a smaller inset sketch representing how to complete the larger sketch.

Text found in the document:

In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. This is a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. 

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds  
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. Calm
b. Slight breeze
c. Moderate
d. Don't remember  

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. What did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
I tell my boss and I took a look and I saw the object hovering above the trees. I reported this to my boss.

36. IF you answered YES to 35, did they see the object too?
36.1 Yes
36.2 Please list their name and address:
I didn't provide any names or addresses.

37. Was this the first time that you saw an object or objects like this?
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
No

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I think the object was some kind of aircraft or craft, but I'm not sure what it was or what caused it. I've never seen anything like it before. It was hovering silently above the trees and then suddenly took off at a high speed. I really can't explain what it was or where it came from.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire filled out as part of a Project Blue Book report.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)  Yes  No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________ m.p.h.

43. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)  Yes  No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About a mile away.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
What is your present job? Retired
Age: 57  Sex: Female
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school: Washington D.C.
b. High school: [BLANK]
c. College: [BLANK] 
d. Post graduate: [BLANK]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 13 March 1953

- page 10 -

