Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
5 August 53 0/0347

2. LOCATION
Rapid City, Blackhawk, South Dakota area

3. SOURCE
Civilian & Military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Multiple

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Unknown

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual, Air-Visual

7. COURSE
N.E. Toward 1

8. PHOTOS
[X] Yes
[ ] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No   5 Aug

10. CONCLUSION
Visual: Anomalous Prop.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
[Partially illegible text, appears to describe military and civilian observation of an unidentified object in various directions in the general vicinity of Rapid City]

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)
C-7


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

the tower as from the Filter Center. The angles must be regarded as in-
determinate, and as far as altitude is considered it appeared higher from
the tower than from the Filter Center. The altitude is indeterminate since
we do not know the distance. All observers said the objects could not truly
be distinguished one from the other. One or more objects, then, were visible
from 0522 until 0850Z, that is, for approximately three hours.

We interrogated not only Sgt. Harry but Mrs. [redacted], Mr. [redacted],
Lt. [redacted], and Mrs. [redacted]. While their stories did not agree exactly (and
this would have been suspicious if they had) there was general agreement as
to color change, motions, and the fact that the objects actually had been there.

One other behavior of the objects is worthy of mention, and it was
pointed out repeatedly. At the time of the passing of the C-124, the object
closest to it -- object # 4 -- appeared to blink in a sort of a signaling way.
It was likened to the signaling of a ship's signal blinker but not as fast.
It was most pronounced in # 4, but they said it was taken up by # 3 and then
# 2, as though a wave had passed from # 4 to # 2.

ANALYSIS

Origin:
1. Stars:
There is the possibility that object # 2 might have been Capella,
although if the motion drawn [redacted] is to be trusted, this is ruled out.
Likewise, in the triangulation from the airport and the Filter Center, ob-
ject # 2 appeared to the NE of the Filter Center and due North of the tower.
The tower directions are to be trusted since the window faces directly north,
and object # 2 was seen square out of the window. It is the opinion of this

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS,
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

The local nature of this phenomenon should be stressed. The appearance of the first object in the direction to be expected from the alert from Roller State may be regarded as coincidental. It seems improbable though certainly not impossible that these were the same objects observed near Rapid City.

We can conclude that there is no ready explanation for these objects.

To call them aircraft, balloons, or stars becomes somewhat of a desperation move, though the balloon hypothesis would be the least objectionable. The objects were star-like, changed a great deal in color, and were probably fairly local. With reference to the last point, if they were local they were not large, or at least the lights were not very bright because the lights apparently were not much brighter than a first magnitude star, and some observers stated that often they were considerably fainter.

Until further explanation is forthcoming, this incident must be put down as one of the best examples of the nocturnal meandering lights which have been reported elsewhere in the literature. To do otherwise would be to doubt the first order objectivity of observers who stood up very well under considerable questioning. The triangulations also bear out Sgt. Harry's visual estimates of the distances, even though such estimates must be subjective.

He stated the first object was 2 to 3 miles west of the Filter Center and calculations show 2 miles. Object #2, he felt was 6 to 8 miles away and calculations show approximately 3 miles.

Despite the fact that the incident started in Rapid City and Black Hawk, the evidence there does not hold together in the manner of the Bismarck evidence.

The observers are more excitable and less matter of fact and certainly have less scientific background than the Bismarck observers, with one or two exceptions.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 3 -

UNCLASSIFIED

All that can be said is that if the angles are correct, or even approximately so, since after all, one person saw the object to the north and another observer saw it to the east, the phenomenon was a local one.

The objects were not observed from the O.P.s around Bismarck though these had been alerted, and it was not reported in Mandan, which is just 5 miles west of Bismarck. They are reported to have a very active Observation Post.

In Capt. Ruppelt's original report, he stated that although he did not visit Bismarck, he felt that inasmuch as they had been alerted to watch out for something, they became excited and "saw lights." I cannot accept this interpretation in the least since the observers interrogated were in my opinion a definite cut above the average person. The operation of the Filter Center seemed to be very efficient and it was apparent that they had recruited very good people for the work. Sgt. Harry in particular appears thoroughly reliable and accurate and is very much "on the ball." I would personally tend to discount the rapid up and down motion and the erratic motions because it is well known that a point of light watched consistently will appear to do very strange things.

But for the changes of position, especially since the objects were around for nearly three hours, and the changes of color, appear to be substantiated. However, even the color changes may be entirely subjective, so that when one filters down the Bismarck evidence, one comes to the conclusion that some objects were observed there which were not stars or aircraft and if they were balloons they were extremely strange ones whose presence was totally unexplained. It is most unfortunate that pictures were not taken of these objects, and it is the recommendation of this reporter that future communications from ATIC should stress emphatically that pictures be taken and instructions included for taking star trails for practice.

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YRS.
DOD DIR 5200.10


- page 4 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Three kinds of evidence are present in the South Dakota sightings:
visual from the ground, from GCC; radar evidence; and visual from the air.

All visual sightings at Rapid City and Black Hawk were quite low on the
horizon. This itself makes matters suspect. The initial incident which
started the whole train of events was the sighting by Miss [redacted] an
at about 0305Z, of an object which appeared in the south-east, moved rapidly
to the SSE, changing color from red to green as it did so. It then hovered
there for awhile, she said, and then went back quite quickly and disappeared
back of the hills. When asked to estimate the time it would have taken to
cross the fingers of her out-stretched hand, she estimated about 5 seconds.

This is quite in contradiction to the original statements. She was observing
it from the front steps of a neighbor's cottage, and accordingly, Fig. 9 and
10 are shots taken from the exact position of the observation. Mrs. [redacted]
[redacted] who saw the object simultaneously, said at first "it's nothing but the
red tower light." (There is an FT tower with a red obstruction light barely
visible from their porch.) This establishes at any rate the redness of the
color. The changing to green may be subjective although both were emphatic
that it did this. Both women were asked independently to draw the path of
the object, and the path more or less agree, as seen in Fig. 9 and 10. Since
this was the instigating incident, it is interesting to speculate whether this
was an aircraft. Miss [redacted], although an excitable and rather cocky individ-
ual, and in some respects overbearing, is nevertheless rated as one of the best
observers connected with the Filter Center. She is reputed to know planes in
detail and has on occasion identified the aircraft as to type and motor when it
would only dimly be heard in the distance. To the direct question as to whether
this might have been an aircraft, she emphatically stated that this was not of
the question: what she knew aircraft, period.

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSI. ED

She alerted the Filter Center, and they immediately notified the ADC radar at Ellsworth AFB. The base is located about 10 miles directly east of Black Hawk and Black Hawk is about 7 miles NW of Rapid City. Three posts therefore formed a triangle and it is most unfortunate that at any given time objective observers were not present to give directions. No such observations exist, and the distances of these objects, if present at all, are indeterminate.

Miss [redacted] next states that she saw an object directly overhead which moved very rapidly to the north. She was the only one who saw this, however, and it is possible, in my opinion, that it might have been a meteor. She [redacted] of course, no [redacted] knows meteors.

At about that time she got into her car and went over to the Aldren farm, about 3/4 mile away. She went over after the object had disappeared to pay a neighborly call and tell then what she had seen. As she was talking to Mrs. Aldren it was the latter who sighted the second, or really the third object. It's position is indicated on Fig. 11. Note the closeness to the horizon. This object did not move was starlike, and in my opinion could very well have seen the star Capella. It remained in approximately the same position, they state, for over two hours. The Aldren boys and the elder Aldrens were inside, and would pay no attention to the talk of the women outside who said they saw some strange object. [Redacted] told me that he felt the women were just seeing things. Finally, he came out and became convinced that some object was present. He is shown in Fig. 11 pointing to the approximate position of the objects. Certainly there are a lot of open spaces there in which to locate objects.

In the meantime, the original sighting of the object shown in Fig. 9 and it had been reported to the radar center, and finally enough, others were on the scope. Lt. Stockham was up on CAP at the time, having

DOWNGRADED AT 9 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

He stated that [redacted] was excitable, and that the radar gunsight in his plane which had locked on was probably malfunctioning. He gave the appearance to me of one who is trying to back out of an unpleasant situation. He did not wish to commit himself on anything, and gave the impression that the less he heard of it in the future the better. This may be because he felt he had adequately in pursuing the so-called object. At the time of the pursuit, however, it must be stated that he had had only 12 hours of night flying experience. He substantiated the point that on moonless nights, it is impossible to have a horizon aloft and that any light that is seen generally appears to be in motion. [redacted] had sent three radio men from the radar room to take a visual look. The general opinion as to the competency of these men varies. There seems to be enough evidence that they are not particularly reliable, and although they stated in signed statements that they had seen objects moving around, it is impossible to evaluate the correctness of these statements. All three men since have been honorably discharged from the service and could not be located for questioning.

ANALYSIS

As far as the Rapid City sightings are concerned, we have a train of circumstances which, if entirely coincidental, are remarkable indeed. Even if we grant that the original sighting was an aircraft, which is stoutly denied by the observer, and that the 2nd object was a star, which is equally denied by the observers, it appears odd that of all the nights for the radar to show strange blips it would be on that night. The testimony of the pilots had best be omitted, since it can be taken positively or negatively with equal ease. The alerting of the Bismarck Center at that critical time and their sighting the object(s) is also not coincidental and well so down in the annals of improbability if the entire incidents were unrelated and the product of mistaken identification.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
been up for some time, and Mr. [redacted], the radar operator, asked him to have a look around. For quite a while [redacted] did not see it [redacted] was not present at Rapid City, but arrangements were made to interview him by phone from Great Falls, Montana.) He stated essentially what he had in his original report: that he finally did notice the object which was bright and star-like, that he observed it for only 20 to 30 seconds, and that it had gone away from him extremely rapidly.

Fig. 13 is the radar scope diagram drawn by [redacted]. Unfortunately the radar camera did not work. [redacted], who was quizzed in hospital because of a broken arm, stated emphatically that the blips had definitely been "painted", and that each successive blip designated on the chart actually was a successive one. That is, each swing of the antenna produced the next blip. He stated that he had the F-84 and the UFO on the scope at the same time.

Stockman had come down because of low fuel, and Needham had been sent up. [redacted] stated he had Needham and the unknown on the scope until the object was out beyond 35 miles heading north. The radar, it is generally conceded, was not malfunctioning, but some people at the post indicated that reflections, or "anomalous propagation" were not unknown.

There is an interesting personality conflict in both [redacted] and [redacted]. Bennett is rated as excitable, but pretty sure about what he sees. He stated, when asked why Needham had not continued pursuing the object, that Needham had become so excited that he was almost unintelligible on the radio and that Bennett felt it would be best to bring him back to base before something drastic happened.

Needham was interviewed for an hour and a half, and of all the people interrogated he was the most difficult to pin down. On one hand he stated that the object had been below his, his plain, and had pulled away from him with considerable speed, and in the next breath he felt that he had seen a star.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR. 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 8 -

UNCLASSIFIED

OPERATIONS REPORT - 3 - 7 August 1953

Several reports on unidentified aerial objects were received this week including several calls from the Dayton area. Two interrogations were completed and both proved satisfactory toward solving the identity of the objects. One of the objects was explained as a weather balloon launched at Sulphur Grove and the other was determined to be astronomical.

The ATIC Duty Officer called A/C Futch on the operation immediate secret message at approximately 1030 hrs 5 Aug 53. The message contained a detailed report on an unidentified aerial object observed by several personnel on duty at the Rapid City Filter Center a few miles northwest of Rapid City, S. D., at 2005 MST, 5 Aug 53. The message seemed important enough to take immediate action.

Capt E. J. Ruppelt, advisor to Project Blue Book, was advised to come out to the Center to review the message. He called the 746th AC&W Squadron at Ellsworth AFB, Rapid City, S. D., and talked to W/O Bennett who was the night controller.

W/O Bennett stated that he was on duty the night of the incident and was very familiar with the sighting. Capt Ruppelt was sent out to interrogate the observers.

This is one of the best reports ever received on this project.

A/1c Mark G. Futch
ATIC-3

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 9 -

FINAL CONCLUSIONS UNCLASSIFIED

In the absence of what might be called truly scientific data, and in the absence of photographs or other tangible evidence, the facts as stated by about a score of observers separated by 220 miles, are open to 2 widely opposed interpretations.

One is, that an aircraft was originally sighted, second, that the object observed at the zenith was a meteor, third, that the object in the north-east was a star, fourth, that quite coincidently the radar showed reflection blips, fifth, that the pilots were chasing stars, sixth, that an experiment of some sort was going on in Bismarck, evidence for which is entirely unobtainable from local sources, and that the experiment was instigated at precisely the time that the other set of strange coincidences 220 miles away caused the Bismarck Center to be alerted.

This, I say, is an explanation, but one which appears to strain the concept of coincidence to its extreme. Even were the Bismarck incident alone it would be worthy of attention, but fitting as it does into the pattern of the total happenings of that night, it is rather phenomenal.

The other interpretation, of course, that unknown aircraft, with the term very broadly defined, were active in the area.

The lack of clinching data at a time like this is particularly deplorable. If, for instance, a Cessna had been available at Bismarck to make the trip of a few miles to see what the lights were, it would have settled a lot. However, as has been pointed out, perhaps the lights hovered in the Bismarck area because they were not pursued, whereas in the Rapid City area they showed extremely rapid motion on the radar because of pursuit. Further, the ground observers stated with utter conviction, that when the jets were up, the lights went out, and as soon as the jets were out of the way the lights reappeared. The entire incident, in the opinion of the observer, had much of an Alice in Wonderland flavor or conduct.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 10 -

UNCLASSIFIED

OPERATIONS REPORT - 10-14 August 1953

The IBM statistical analysis being prepared by Project Stork was expected to be completed this week but Project Blue Book was informed that the study would not be completed before the last of August. This analytical study is expected to be of much help to this project in solving future unidentified aerial objects mysteries. Outstanding trends or patterns are expected to show up in this analysis.

Project Blue Book was informed this week that Project Stork has begun the process of obtaining suitable diffraction gratings for the Videon cameras that are presently out in the field. It is estimated that this effort will cost approximately $3,000 and that the grids should be available within 90 days. When the suitable grids are available to ATIC, the cameras will be recalled, grids mounted, and redistributed into the field. Steps are being made to speed up the "operations" and experimentation and manufacture of these grids.

Capt R. S. Ruppelt departed Dayton on 10 August 1953 for Rapid City, South Dakota, to investigate an unidentified aerial object which occurred in the Rapid City area at 2205 MST on 5 August 1953. Capt Ruppelt interrogated the observer, radar and visual, thoroughly and was unable to come up with a definite conclusion. The story of the observer has made it difficult for Project Blue Book to establish the identity of the object as being a known phenomena. Capt Ruppelt has recommended that further study of this incident be made by ATIC and Project Blue Book contract astronomer.

Project Blue Book has received ten reports of unidentified aerial objects none of which are of too much importance. During the last two months, the number of reports received have revealed relatively few same.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
A/1C Max J. Pugh
DOD DIR. 5200.10


- page 11 -

5 August 1953                                                   Rapid City, South Dakota

Description

Since this sighting was a combined air-visual, ground-visual, air-radar, and ground-radar report, 1 was directed that Project Blue Book would send an investigator to the scene. The controller on duty at the time of the incident was interviewed. In account of the incident was almost identical to that given in the initial MFR. He was on duty at 2005 MST when a GOC post observer called in an unidentified flying object sighted northwest of her post at Blackhawk, South Dakota. (Note: Sunset 1920 MST - Twilight 33 minutes.) She reported that the object was stationary, then moved south toward Rapid City. When the controller got the report that the object or light was headed toward Rapid City, he sent 3 airmen from the radar site to look for it visually. They reported a light moving from generally north to south at a high rate of speed. At this time the controller observed 2 blips going south on the scope. He could not get a distinct track because of ground clutter in the area. In a few minutes the GOC post in Blackhawk called in that the light was back in the nearby its original position. An airborne F-84 was vectored into the area and after a search made visual contact. The F-84 was vectored into the blip that was remaining stationary at about 15 miles northeast of Blackhawk. The controller said that he believed the F-84 pilot saw the target that was on the scope. Shortly after the visual sighting by the pilot, the target started to move on a heading of about 320 degrees magnetic. Four good blips were obtained. Photos of this track were taken but the camera malfunctioned and the photos were no good. The last blip occurred at 70 miles and at that point the aircraft was returned to the base. The GOC observer reported seeing the aircraft and the object, and both were moving. The object seemed to be out-distancing the F-84. As soon as the ground clutter was off, CAP. Just about that time, the Blackhawk GOC post called the third time stating that the object was back again. Nothing was on the scope (there was possibly a target in the ground clutter). No F-84 was vectored in on the visual report. The pilot soon got a visual and started an intercept. About that time, the controller picked up both an unknown target and the F-84 on a heading of about 360 degrees magnetic. The blip seemed to stay about 5-10 miles ahead of the F-84. The chase continued until the aircraft was about 80 miles out, then the intercept was broken off. The target continued off the scope, at this time the Bismarck Filter Center was alerted to look for unidentified flying objects. When the pilot got back over the base, he saw another blip. This was picked up on the scope, but there was no further action taken.

The pilot who was on the first CAP was interviewed next. He stated that he had been making passes at a F-36 north of Rapid City when GOC called and said they had a target west of Rapid City. He searched for

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL-
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.19


- page 12 -

23 November 1953

Dear Capt. Harding:

We have been so busy with the Black Hawk, S. Dakota case that I've only just now gotten down to looking over the large batch of accumulated reports. I must say that compared with Black Hawk, none of these approaches that incident in interest. There are a few interesting sightings, but on none of these is information sufficient to make a follow-up profitable.

Of the interesting ones, the very similar sightings of 24 July and 1 August at Key West would warrant follow-up if they were more recent with present information I have no suggested explanation.

The 26 July Kerr AFB Texas also holds possible interest from the standpoint of maneuvers and the fact they were observed from the Control Tower and by civilians of Dennison, Texas.

It is too bad there is not more information on Ozark, Ala. These cases cover four separate days. There is possibly pay dirt in these.

Finally, the Bill Sillmans sighting is definitely puzzling and will probably have to remain on the books as unexplained.

As for the remaining 30 or so, there is so little information concerning those which do not have obvious explanations that there is no percentage whatever in mulling them seriously.

Thus, out of the total number there are 4 independent sets which, if staff and time were available, would be interesting to pursue. Personally, I vote for sticking with the Black Hawk case until we squeeze it dry, I feel certain that if this case can be explained, others would follow suit.

Concerning the Black Hawk case, we are proceeding slowly but surely with the investigation. Solid objects are certainly indicated by the evidence. Since the observations covered several hours and sightings were both visual and radar, it is important, in my estimate, that we continue to pursue this case - failure to identify pinpoints a possible real weakness in our defense set-up. I hope to have a preliminary report on this case for you soon.

J. Allen Hynek


- page 13 -

TO: Colonel George L. Wertenbraker
Commander, ATIC

ATIAC-5/Capt Hardin/jcs/73147
5 January 1954

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD

PROBLEM:

1. To request approval for ATIC officer to travel to Rapid City, South Dakota, and Bismarck, North Dakota, for the purpose of determining the origin of a reported unidentified flying object.

FACTS AND DISCUSSION:

2. On 5 Aug 53 a sighting was made in the vicinity of Rapid City, South Dakota, by numerous reliable military and civilian observers. Another sighting was reported from Bismarck, North Dakota, on the same date and appeared to be the same object. The object was also tracked by radar. Investigation followed but without the aid of an astronomer and the case remains unsolved.

3. Dr. Hynek of Ohio State University, contract astronomer to Project Blue Book, has had this case under study and believes that a satisfactory conclusion may be reached by a joint on-the-spot investigation.

RECOMMENDATIONS:

4. Project Blue Book believes that this is a significant case and should be solved for the purpose of its possible scientific value as well as to discourage its use by writers who may draw their own conclusions in lieu of an official investigation. It is, therefore, recommended that Capt Charles A. Berlin (in charge) with Dr. Hynek) proceed to Rapid City, South Dakota, and Bismarck, North Dakota, for approximately 5 days TDY.

COORDINATION:

ATIAS 16 Col R. C. Johnston, Branch Chief
ATIA Col W. L. O'Hara, Division Chief
ATIN Col D. T. Justice, Office Chief
ATI Col G. L. Wertenbraker, Commander


- page 14 -

Bismarck, North Dakota

Lt. J. A. Hynek
Dept. of Physics and Astronomy
Ohio State University
Columbus, Ohio

Dear Sir:

It was been called to my attention by _______, chief _______ Bismarck, North Dakota, that you wished a description of the sighting of an unknown object or objects which were visible to the unaided eye on the night of August 5, and the morning of August 6, 1953.

The local air-raid filter center had sighted two objects on the evening of August 5th. One appeared due west of the city of Bismarck and the other in the northeast.

My first knowledge and sighting of these objects were at approximately 12:05 A.M., August 6th. As near as I could tell the one in the west appeared to be directly due west) and the other approximately 50 to 70 degrees north and west of the north as estimated at the KFYR transmitter location, which is approximately 13 miles east of Bismarck.

As to the description of these objects all that I can say is that they appeared much brighter than most of the stars and at times appeared to take on a rather dull bluish tint.

They appeared to move in the heavens, but at a rather slow rate and unless a person braced his head against some stationary object to eliminate head movement I would be hard to tell they were moving.

The one in the west would eventually disappeared below the horizon and the one in the north-west gradually seemed to blend in with the rest of the stars until it was no longer visible. The time of the last sighting of both objects was about 1:30 A.M.

I hope I have in some measure helped in your research.

Very truly yours,

/s/


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

(At-well to Rynck)
1 January 1954)

that he was given from the ground station. Obviously the pilot would be serious at the time, particularly since he was told that there was a ground and a radar observation of the object. On reconsideration I believe he is willing to admit that he was chasing a large star. Considering the reliability of the military witnesses at the radar site, the excitement of the, and the relatively poor description of subsequent sightings in the Rapid City area, I feel that the incident can be discounted from consideration entirely.

The situation in the Bismarck area cannot be judged by me but the power of suggestion must be considered in these, particularly since a correlated story of sightings was passed from Rapid City to the North Platte Filter Center. I realize the possibility of credibility that could be lent to the story in the minds of Filter Center personnel when I realize that the statements in the official report from Rapid City were somewhat inactive. For you and the people of ATIC to conduct an extensive investigation. Essentially the same information, possibly embellished, was relayed to North Dakota that same night, to use your words, the people "were not consider the incident in the cool light of morning."

My interpretation of the incident relegates me to the ranks of skeptics and certainly does not permit scientific conclusions as such. I do wonder if perhaps many of the twenty percent of unresolved cases might not respond to a scrutiny rather than a scientific approach. The percentage of unsolved cases might be reduced at least somewhat.

I have taken the liberty of enclosing an article which labels me as a devotes of Mr. Pearson amongst others. I passed it along in case you missed it, particularly since this comes unasked. The article was in this evening's paper and it was most timely to me.

Trusting that you had a pleasant and rapid trip home and that I may be of service to you again, I am,

Yours truly,

/s/ Allen L. Atwell
Major, USAF


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

740TH AIRCRAFT CONTROL AND WARNING SQUADRON
Ellsworth Air Force Base
South Dakota

19 January 1954

Dr. J. A. Hynek
Ohio State University
Columbus, Ohio

Dear Doctor:

After your departure I checked possibility that Lt. Goodman was a man who tended to become excited or confused in emergencies. I discussed the possibility with several of his associates and particularly with his operations officer, Major Fairbrother. Contrary to Mr. [redacted] statement, I found that Lt. Goodman is a very reliable, cool individual with an excellent combat record. On the other hand, I also checked a little on Mr. [redacted] reliability. Some of the pilots of aircraft that he has controlled have termed him a "happened before the incident" in question and no more specifically called him somewhat since then as he grew more accustomed to his job. I also have had a report from my adjutant that Mr. [redacted] has been known to exaggerate stories. In some particular instances, he was noted in recounting of past baseball records. It just so happened that the adjutant has been a student of baseball records for some years and he immediately detected the inaccuracy of the stories. He told me one about a man at the time and did not contradict Mr. [redacted] on the spot because he wanted to avoid embarrassment for him. Apparently Mr. [redacted] will tell stories to improve his prestige although the facts may not be accurate. The adjutant and Mr. [redacted] were both members of the squadron baseball team during the past summer and the adjutant noted that Mr. [redacted] will never admit that no might have been wrong. He engaged in several serious arguments with himself when it was apparent to everyone, including members of both teams, that he was wrong.

The above story leaves me somewhat embarrassed. There were three members of my organization who contributed to the authenticity of the incident. The two Staff [redacted] and [redacted]. Although these facts do not entirely discredit it appears the observations of all three can be treated skeptically. These military observers are of course the only people to whom I can ascribe traits of reliability. However, it would appear that a part of any future investigation could appropriately contain a reliable investigation of all persons who offer evidence of unusual sightings. I say this in spite of the fact that I agree with you that observers might not be unusual.

In my own mind I have now totally discounted the entire incident as an unfortunate series of seemingly coincidental circumstances. A light was observed by a ground observer which could very well have been from a light aircraft. This sighting was reported to Mr. [redacted] as a flying saucer. Mr. [redacted] then later reported a track on the scope which may well have been the track of his own interceptor and what seemed to be a track was merely the result of some electronic quirk. It was not a vector.


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-                                                (Atwell to Hynck, 
                                                    1 January 1954)

that he was given from the ground station. Obviously the pilot would be 
serious at the time, particularly since he was told that there was a ground 
and a radar observation of the object. On reconsideration I believe he is 
willing to admit that he was chasing a large star. Considering the reliability 
of the military witnesses at the radar site, the excitement of Mr. 
and the relatively poor description of subsequent sightings in the Rapid City 
area, I feel that the incident can be discounted from consideration entirely. 
The sightings in the Bismarck area cannot be judged by me but the power of 
suggestion must be considered in these, particularly since a correlated story 
of sightings was passed from Rapid City to the North Dakota Filter Center. I 
can imagine the degree of credulity that could be lent to the story in the minds 
of Filter Center personnel when I realize that the statements in the official 
report from Rapid City were sufficient incentive for you and the people of ATIC 
to contact an astronomer investigator. Essentially the same information, pos- 
sibly embellished, was relayed to North Dakota that same night end, to use your 
words, the people there would not consider the incident in the cool light of 
morning.

My interpretation of the incident relegates me to the ranks of 
skeptics and certainly does not permit scientific conclusions as such. I do 
wonder if perhaps many of the twenty percent of unresolved cases might not 
respond to a payroll rather than a scientific approach. The percentage 
of unresolved cases might be reduced at least somewhat.

I have taken the liberty of enclosing an article which labels me as a 
devotee of Mr. Pearce amongst others. I passed it along in case you missed it, 
particularly since the tone was moderate. The article was in this evening's paper 
and it was most timely to me.

Trusting that you had a pleasant and rapid trip home and that I may be 
of service to you again, I am,

Yours truly,

/s/ Allen L. Atwell
Major, USAF


- page 18 -

UNCLASSIFIED

2 February 1954

Major Allen L. Atwell
Commander, 710th AGW Squadron
Ellsworth Air Force Base
Rapid City, South Dakota

Dear Major:

Thank you for your letter of 19 January. You have been of considerable service to us in tracking this down further, and especially in giving us the highly important character details. I think the "baseball" example is particularly telling. I therefore feel as you do, that the incident reports from Rapid City sprung from, in general, unreliable observers. From the information, under questioning, were not sure of what they saw, but at least they were honest enough to admit this.

I agree with your statement concerning reliability checks, and hasten to assure you that one of the reasons we came out in person was to size up the observers. Speaking for myself, although I think the Captain would concur, we are ready to write off the Rapid City-Ellsworth incident as "information from questionable sources." In short, we can't trust the evidence, and when this happens in any scientific procedure the thing to do is throw the whole thing out the window.

I would like to ask, just for possible future reference with a good man at radar controls, what are the possibilities of "unknown blips" over a long period? That is, out of 365 days, would you say that unknown appear on the scope several times each day? Once every few days? A few times a year? I am assuming blips not due to malfunction but to echoes, etc.

What I now have to say will surprise you. The observers at Bismarck I would class as entirely reliable. It is therefore impossible for us to write off the Bismarck incident in a like manner. Indeed, I wish no conclusion. It is impossible, however, to say then the objects seen in Bismarck were the result of misdirection from Rapid City, because at least two people independently (and 15 miles apart) recorded the objects without serious conflict of the phone calls from said Old City. The objects were more than two hours, and the various observers agreed, within reason, on their tracks.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 19 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Despite, therefore, the coincidence between Rapid City and Bismarck, in view of the disparity in quality of observers in the two places, I think we shall probably proceed by discounting the Rapid City incident altogether and concentrate on the Bismarck incident.

I note that you never did get around to telling me specifically whether Needham was the pilot who became unmanned when the jet crashed.

Thanks again for your very real help in this. I hope the next time we meet will be under less unusual circumstances.

Sincerely,

Signed by
J. ALLEN HYNEK
J. Allen Hynek

Copy to ATIC
Jah/js

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
CAMBRIDGE 38, MASSACHUSETTS

July 13, 1961

Maj. William T. Coleman
SAFOI-3
Room AC-922
The Pentagon
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Bill:

On my return from the western swing I find a sizable amount of accumulated flying saucer material. I want to thank you and Major F'riend, and Colonel Evans for all of the helpful material, including the suggestions for improving our chapters. Many thanks to all of you.

On my western trip I ran into a daytime sighting that was a honey. I was driving on Highway 54 from El Paso, Texas to Alamogordo, New Mexico, and I was in the outskirts of the latter city, having just turned west where the road meets the one coming from Las Cruces and the Holloman Air Force Base. The time was 4:00 p.m. The sun was shining, all but the sky was heavily clouded toward the west. It had clearly been raining in the mountains and heavy dust storms had forced me to stop two or three times along the highway. I was suddenly startled to see a V-shaped formation of flying saucers heading eastward directly toward me. They appeared to have a reddish glow and were moving very rapidly. I had the impression that they were nearly at cloud level. They approached me rapidly and suddenly seemed to drop in on me. I then realized that they were merely a grouping of tumbleweeds carried aloft in the heavy wind. They were, perhaps, some hundred feet over my head. The weird glow was caused by the illumination of the setting sun.

Mrs. [REDACTED] and I have been struggling to interpret the famous Rapid City, South Dakota, case of 12 August, 1953. The report has so many features that are suggestive of the mirage of a star, that we have strongly leaned to that interpretation. The bright star, Capella, which happens to be circumpolar at Rapid City, was indeed very close to the horizon, just east of north. We do not have very good times or estimates of the total duration of this sighting. I wonder if you have any additional material that you could send us, in view of the importance that the UFO boys attach to this sighting. In particular, we should like to know what is the radius in miles, of the radar screen and what was the frequency. The weather records indicate


- page 21 -

Maj. William T. Coleman                                                July 13, 1961

-2-

that a very sizable temperature inversion was present, and this was
ample to magnify some of the radar and optical effects. The radar,
especially, could have been deflected back to the ground and the
moving object might have been some secondary reflection from the
plane itself. Is there any additional information about the man who
claimed to have checked the UFO against the triangle of stars, and
deciding that it moved with reference to those stars? Sounds that
it might have been autokinesis, unless this motion was really very
sizable.

One further question that we have. A study of the case indicates that the UFO was merely a meteor. Apparently this was a considered solution in the early days. We wonder
why it was abandoned.

Thank you for the additional sightings, all of which are useful
and lend freshness to the book. Also, I think you were going to send
me one from the south, where airline pilots reported not only seeing
a saucer but creating a roughness of the air which, according to your own
observation, was due to forest fire or oil well fire, or something of
the sort.

Again, with our many thanks and best wishes, I am

                Cordially yours,

DHM:gq

P.S. I'm scheduled to be in Washington on July 26. If time permits,
I may run over to the Pentagon and talk with you some at that time.

                DHM

CC: Maj. Friend
     Col. Evans


- page 22 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

about 20 minutes west and south of Rapid City but saw nothing. He returned to base and was about to land when he observed a light northwest of the base. He started out on a heading of 350 degrees magnetic, the object was high (30 deg - 45 deg) at 11 o'clock from him. He checked the possibility of a reflection and determined that this was not the cause. He continued his course keeping the object at 11 o'clock for a better view. After about 30 seconds, it disappeared then reappeared for another 30 seconds, at the end of which it abruptly faded and was not seen again. The object was silver in color and varied in intensity. It appeared to "pull away" because it got smaller. The comment as to size was that it was "brighter than the brightest star I've ever seen".

The pilot who flew the second CAP was interviewed next. He stated that he took off and started to climb when GCI told him that GCI had a light. He was north of Ellsworth AFB on a heading of 360 degrees magnetic when he saw a light 30-40 degrees to his right and level. He thought it was a star or planet but as he looked away it appeared to "jump" 15-20 degrees in elevation. (Note: Due to the speed of the aircraft and the fact that the pilot was intent on identifying the object, he was not exactly sure of his positions. All positions are subject to these errors.) In his light seemed to be paralleling his course. The first thing the pilot did was to check for reflections in the cockpit (i.e., canopy, gunsight head, etc.). If was sure the light was no reflection in the aircraft. The light, which the pilot estimated to be considerably brighter than a star, changed intensity and changed in color from white to green. When the object was first sighted, the aircraft was at 15,000 feet. The pilot altered course to climb and the light appeared to climb later. This was because the angle of elevation increased. He climbed to 26,000 feet. All this time both the radar blip of both the object and the aircraft were being correlated and the pilot was talking to the controller on UHF. As the pilot turned into the light on his initial sighting, he turned on his radar warning tone. As he swung onto the target, the warning light came on. He gave was obtained since the sight starts to measure at about 4,000 yards. All this might indicate was that something was beyond 4,000 yards. The light remained on until the chase was broken off. After the chase, on the way home, the light blinked on and off several times indicating a possible malfunction. The sight was not checked by maintenance on return and had not been checked since.

The F-84 chased the light for about five minutes, or to about 50 miles north of the base. The light appeared to make slight changes in color and intensity. The pilot stated that the light definitely moved in relation to the stars. After the intercept was broken off, the aircraft returned toward base.

About 20 miles out of base he got a visual on a similar light that changed from red to white. He was on a heading of 180 degrees magnetic at 12-14,000 feet and the light was 10 degrees low to the right. He thought it was a car going around curves in the hills but changed his mind when the red and white lights were of equal intensity. This target was in the ground clutter of the radar but something at 6,000 feet was picked up on the height finder radar. The light slowly went out then

21

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

AFCIN-462/Maj Friend/ans/5726/typed 27 Apr 60
Request for UFO Information (air)

29 APR 1960

SAFOI-3d (Maj Tasker)

1. The following are suggested answers to the questions penned by
in the attached letter:

a. It must be assumed that the much publicized Washington radar
sighting of 19 July 1952, is the one in question. This case was determined to be targets caused by a temperature inversion.

b. There is no record in the Air Force files of a sighting at
Kinross AFB on 23 November 1953. The Kinross case, as outlined in
several books and other publications on UFO's, states that an aircraft
was carried away by an unidentified flying object. There is no case
in the files which even closely parallels these circumstances.

c. The objects in the film taken at Tremonton, Utah on 2 July 1952,
were determined to be birds, probably sea gulls.

d. The Air Force file carries no conclusion on the photograph taken
by Mr. radiation near Amarillo, Texas on 2 August 1954. Not knowing
what radiation was in it, its the Air Force could not some spokesman at the time speculated that the object was an irradiated vapor trial
and was honestly or deliberately misquoted.

e. The Air Force is not aware of any release date for the photograph taken by Mr. The original was in the hands of the owner
and he was free to do with it as he pleased.

f. Air Force experience has been that there is no increase in
radiation due to unidentified flying objects. It should be understood
that the normal background for any area may fluctuate a few hundredths
of a millirentgen, this is considered normal and constitutes no danger
whatever.

g. The Air Force is not aware of any statement, official or otherwise, by a government agency to the effect that UFO's are hoax trials.

h. The Air Force has no specific knowledge of infrared tracking of
unidentified flying objects.

i. The Air Force file contains no record of a report at Barber's
Point, Pearl Harbor on 5 August 1953, in fact, no report from Hawaii.

[Signature and additional markings at bottom of page]


- page 24 -

AUG 61 1953 BARBERS POINT, HAWAII (KEYHOE-1955 P 63) 3 WITNESSES

ON AUGUST 61 BETWEEN 5 P.M. AND MIDNIGHT, AT LEAST 3E LIGHTED OBJECTS, SOME

MOVING SWIFT, WERE OBSERVED IN HAWAII AREA, ESPECIALLY

NEAR BARBERS POINT (NAVAL AIR STATION). MANY OF THESE UFO-S

WERE SEEN BY THE CONTROL TOWER, OTHER BY PILOTS. THE OBJECTS APPEARED AS

SLIM ON THE RADAR SCOPES. AT ABOUT 9 P.M. A NAVY PILOT ON PATROL PICKED UP

THE TIP OF A UFO APPROACHING HEAD ON AT AN ALARMING RATE OF SPEED. SECONDS

LATER A GLOWING OBJECT MADE THREE CLOSE PASSES AT HIS PLANE. THE PILOT

LANDED IMMEDIATELY AT BARBERS POINT.

AFTER THIS REPORT, THE CAPTAIN AND EXECUTIVE OFFICER WERE SUMMONED, AND

EMERGENCY PATROLS WERE ORDERED AFTER MIDNIGHT. AT 11 MINUTES PAST TWO, THE

PILOT OF A TV-1 JET SIGHTED A STRANGE, GLOWING OBJECT STREAKING UP FROM

DIRECTLY BEHIND, WHEN APPROXIMATELY 100 FEET ASTERN, THE UFO SHOT TO STARBOARD

AND PACED THE TV-1 FOR FOUR SECONDS. IT THEN ACCELERATED SWIFTLY TO AN

ESTIMATED SPEED OF 1000 MPH -- AND DISAPPEARED.

ACCORDING TO GROUND CREW AND OFFICER, THE PILOT WAS VERY PALE AND

FRIGHTENED WHEN HE LANDED, HE KEPT SAYING, "I ACTUALLY SAW HIM..."


- page 25 -

Information Only (No Case)
Country: OSI

6 August 1953
Netherlands

August 6, 1953, sighting Kerkrade, 
"Therlandes"

During the last days of July and the first week of August I took a holiday and visited the Southern part of Holland. On August 6th I arrived in a small mining town, Kerkrade, in the south part of the province of Limburg. Kerkrade lies close to the German border, there is, in fact, a broad street dividing longitudinally by barbed wire, the one-half being Kerkrade and the other half being German.

I went for a walk along this street about midnight. All was quiet. Suddenly my attention was drawn to a blue-green light of moderate intensity, which ran through the sky in the East. It came down as elegant swoop, and then slowed down. At first I thought it to be a meteor. But it left no trail as those do. It was a light spot of smartly circular shape, and will be descended in some in my direction. Then I saw what it was -- a flying saucer. It came slowly towards me and so near that I could see its "windows".

"I made a test: if you want to know how I saw it, take a dinner plate, hold it at arm's length, then raise the plate somewhat higher than scalp level and look at it. This will exactly the relative size of the object."

Then it stopped and stood still in the air. First at what I think was about 1000 feet. Then it came still further down. Not a sound was heard while it was in flight, or when it stood still. I had an opportunity to study it: it must have been of enormous size, far bigger than the wing span of any airliner.

"As I looked up I saw only its underside, but it started to hover around slowly, also changing its position, so that I could see its edges. Once I could look on it, when it took an inclined position and the moon shone on it."

Its form was a disc, slightly dished in the center, and in the center (topside) a cabin with sloping walls, a cone. No doors or windows were discernible. The color was grey. When it came down it was giving off a blue green light. As soon as it had stopped, the light vanished. In its dull grey color, it looked actually as a grey-enameled pan, somewhat glossy. When the moon shone on it, but not polished.


- page 26 -

for the entire month of august 1953.

j. For the most part, information concerning UFO reports is available to the public, but due to required classification, some are not.
It is the Air Force opinion that the best answer is contained in the question itself. These sightings are intelligence reports, and in such, in certain instances contains other information apart from the UFO portion which may require classification.

k. The Air Force is open minded on the subject of space travel, and aware that space visitors are a possibility. The present Air Force position is not to deny this possibility, but rather to state that to date no evidence has been discovered to substantiate that UFO's are interplanetary or interstellar space ships.

1. No lunar exploration, telescopic or space probe, has revealed any additional information concerning UFO's.

2. Mr. [redacted] address is as follows:
[address is redacted]

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

1 Atch
Cy 1st 17 Mar 50 fr [redacted]

2


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

Unclassified
secret file

Unidentified
Flying
Object

Pittsburgh, November 4, 1953

Dear Sirs,

Last week we were informed that the investigations committee of the U.S. Air Force, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, was making a study of the so-called "flying saucer" problem, which was reported during the past 1953 from several stations of the U.S.A.

As we informed too, that "Project Blue Book" had published a report from the base 18 years of investigation.

If you could send us those reports and/or tell us how we can get them, we would appreciate it. If this is not possible, can you tell us the way, how we can simply get your answer.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

"Two things impressed me much: firstly, when it stood still the rim of the disc was very clear and sharp, but as it started moving this rim became hazy, as if it had some motion, either rotating, pulsating or vibrating. I could not discern whether or not it rotated, it just became blurred.

Secondly, after looking intently at it for some minutes, I felt a very disagreeable sensation in my eyes; they felt irritated, the same feeling as after looking for a long time at a bad television screen".

"Suddenly I saw a second disc. It had come down from somewhere without my seeing it arrive. It stood much farther away. Its shape was slightly different. Too, had a slightly elongated disc, with a cabin, but this cable protruded slightly from the underside as well as from the top. This one stood perfectly still, without any movement. The other faintly still, I looked for something.

Number 1 leaped away. It shot several very sharp angles. At the same time, the blue-green line appeared again. After some wild leaps at speed I have never seen before, it shot up as a bolt of lightning and went off with one vertical.

Clearly a space. No sound was heard. The other remained for some seconds, then took one vertical capsized on its edge and streak into space after leaps, its very blue streak into space after the other -- also without sound."

At the bottom of the page:

"did mention, in the briefest articles, that the objects were also seen in three other nearby cities."

Location noted as: "Haar-N., Holland"


- page 29 -

February 17, 1966

Mtr ah/SAFOICC/T2842/17 Feb 66

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in reply to your letter requesting information on the UFO sightings in the Midwest in August, 1965.

A study of the reports indicates that the sightings were due to a temperature inversion which caused astronomical bodies due to appear to change colors and move when viewed through layers of the atmosphere.

I am enclosing a current report on Project Blue Book. This report contains statistical data through the year 1965.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Breneh
Public Relations Division
Office of Information

[Bottom of page contains a "Coordinated By" table with various administrative notations, including SAP-01 entries and routing information]


- page 30 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

came back in. It seemed to be west moving since the aircraft was kept on a constant heading and the angle of azimuth and elevation increased. The light was first observed for 30 seconds, it faded, reappeared, then faded again after 30 seconds.

As the pilot came around the west side of the air base and up the east side, he saw another light and turned into it to take gun camera photos. (The photos were no good).

Discussion

A visit was made to the Weather Bureau station at the Rapid City Municipal Airport to check weather and balloon launches. (Note: The air base launches no balloons). The observer on duty looked up the balloon track for the balloon launched at 2000 MST on 5 August 1953 and it went south from the Municipal Airport. This puts it out of the area of the sighting. Data on inversions was not available as it had been forwarded to Asheville, North Carolina. (Note: The balloon tracks and weather for 2000 MST on 5 August has been requested from Asheville.)

No attempt was made to contact the GOC observers at Blackhawk. They had been interrogated by base personnel and were "all excited". It was believed that an investigator talking to them would only further excite them needlessly. All information obtained at Blairmarck are doubtful. The ACON Station called the Bismarck Filter Center and told them to "look for flying saucers", a perfect set up to see every star move around.

The upper air research balloon tracks at Lowry were checked. Two balloons were lost and could have been in the area at the time of the sighting.

A few comments on the sources can be made:

Controller left the impression that he was trying to prove the existence of an unidentified flying object. It is very unfortunate that no scope photos were available to collaborate his story. He saw targets on the scope, there is no doubt about it, but whether they acted exactly as he stated is unknown.

The two airmen that went outside to observe the object that was being carried on radar and reported by the GOC were not sure of what they saw. At least this is the impression. They were told to go out and look for a light so they saw one. Their description fits that of a meteor. They only saw a "streak" in the sky. They did not see it return north.

The first pilot only got a glimpse of a light so he could not add much.

The second pilot gave the impression of being "on the ball". He was very sure, very confident, and very positive about what he saw.

UNCLASSIFIED

22

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10


- page 31 -

UNCLASSIFIED

An account of the investigation by Capt. Chas. Hardin, USAF, and J. A. Hynek, of the reported visual/radar sightings of Unidentified Objects at Bismarck, N. Dakota and Black Hawk, S. Dakota, on 5/6 August 1953.

We arrived in Bismarck at about 19000, 12 January 1954, where Sgt. Wesley Harry of the Bismarck Filter Center met us. Within 20 minutes we were at the Filter Center and had been offered a cup of coffee. We first examined the original logs of the incident, and Sgt. Harry pointed out that the Filter Center was first alerted at 05152 5 August 1953, that an object was about 70 miles south of Dickinson, N. Dakota. At 05232 another call came in stating that an object was 15 miles north of Rapid City. At 05382 a call came in that an object was just south of ALGONA. At 05422, or 23422, Sgt. Harry sighted an object from the Filter Center roof. He had gone out on the roof to look toward the SW to see if he could see anything of the reported object.

Res: Fig. / 1.

Sgt. Harry's description of the object has been treated many times in the reports and so I asked him primarily about motions.

Fortunately he had paper lined near by and so soon as the object appeared he checked his position on the roof by marking points around his shoes. The motion of the object was described as indicated on photos # 1 and 2. He stated that this represents the mean motion of the object, but that in between it moved erratically up and down as much as one or two times the distance between the horizontal telephone wires. He insisted the motion was abrupt. Apparently it came in rather rapidly, but when it got west of the Filter Center it hovered, moving up and down.

Mrs. [redacted] spent most of her time watching this object and her evidence was essentially the same as that of Harry although she did not see it as soon.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR. 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 32 -

Having difficulty. He took a realistic approach and had done some logical reasoning. He was worked about the fact that the light moved relative to the stars.

By eliminating doubtful sightings, the only thing that can be reasonably assured is that a GOC post observed a light. This could be a balloon or star. Radar picked up something in the general area of the GOC post and vectored an aircraft toward it. The pilot saw a light and chased it. He got a radar lock on it, but this could have been a malfunction. The star Capella is possibly visible low on the horizon to the north and the pilot could have been seeing that. Pending further study, this incident is carried as Unsolved.

Conclusion
Unsolved.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

UNCLASSIFIED
23
F53-1156


- page 33 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Object # 2, at the time of the passage of the C-124, is indicated on Fig. 3 and 6. Mr. [redacted] states that the object was almost due north and had an elevation about equal to that of the "guardians of the pole," which would place it about 30 up. We visited the control tower several times, once at night with the sky clear, and had ample chance to check positions and comparisons with stars. [Redacted] has had much opportunity to observe stars from the control tower, and it appears inconceivable to me that a man with 13 years experience could have mistaken stars for these objects. Furthermore, Mr. [redacted] examined the objects with binoculars and pointed out that though they resembled stars, their motion and their color changes were such as to rule out this possibility. At any rate, if one adopts the angles and altitudes of object # 2, one finds that it was about 3 miles from the Filter Center and about 5 miles from the airport at an altitude of about 10,000'. This is obtained as a mean of two figures: 5000 and 15,000 feet. Mr. [redacted], it appears, consistently estimated altitudes higher than Harry.

Object # 3 is indicated on Fig. 4 and 6. Fig. 5 shows the relation of the Filter Center to the tower. The bearing of the Filter Center is 321 as computed from a surveyor's map of the city. As will be noted, from the Filter Center, object # 3 was a little to the north of east, whereas from the tower it was a little to the east of north. This places it almost exactly 3 miles from both the filter center and the tower. Again, in altitudes there is some discrepancy, but taking the mean of 3,000' and 8,000', we get something of the order of a mile high.

[Redacted] as well as [redacted] stated that object # 2 was the highest in the sky, and 3 and 4 considerably lower. Object # 1 appears to have been the farthest away, since, as Fig. 1 and 7 show, it had about the same bearing from the tower.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.


- page 34 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

She maintained that in the western part of the sky it would remain stationary, then hop up several degrees very quickly -- almost instantaneously -- stop, move to the left and then swerve down in sort of a slanting motion, repeating these maneuvers many times. By this time everybody at the Filter Center was very excited and, as they said, shaking, because they had the feeling that somebody was watching them.

This original western object disappeared sometime between midnight and 1:00 am. Just about midnight, however, the Filter Center people almost simultaneously saw other objects to the east. Object # 2 was sighted at 06112 to the north of east. At 07152 and 07172 two other objects toward the east were seen. The plots of these objects are given on photos 3 and 4. The best drawing of the positions and motions of the objects comes from Sgt. Harry and is included as Fig. 6A.

Mr. [redacted] was located at the CAA Control Tower, 2 air miles away such that the Filter Center had a bearing of 321 from the tower. He saw all 4 objects also, but not exactly in the same positions. Since there was a chance here of getting a fix on these objects, we spent a fair amount of time having Sgt. Harry and Mr. Wilhelm sight the remembered positions of the objects at the time a C-124 Globemaster came by at approximately 08002. This establishes a point in time, and Fig. 2 and 4 show the position of the object at the time of the passage of the C-124. Object #1 in Fig. 2 is denoted by the "X". [redacted] stated that the bearing of object #1 was 260 at an altitude of [redacted]. The altitudes do not check, but the bearings place the object about a mile and a half west of the Filter Center. If one adopts a mean value of altitude, the fix places it at 3 miles from the airport and 1 miles from the Filter Center.

The motion over a good number of degrees, its apparently close position, and the many changes of color would appear to rule out a star.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10


- page 35 -

UNCLASSIFIED

observer that unless all six observers are unable to distinguish a star from anything else, the stellar explanation will not hold. Further, the angular positions appear to rule this out.

2. Balloons:
If these objects were balloons, they would have to be captive balloons because of their restricted motion and the fact that they did not rise. Extensive inquires were made as to the possibility of any experiments going on in that area at the time. The weather bureau was consulted, since in previous years there had been some cosmic ray experiments by Dr. [redacted] and Dr. [redacted]. In both cases they had consulted the weather bureau for wind conditions. The weather bureau knew of no experiments at that time. The Dean of the Bismarck Junior College was consulted to see if he might have known of any experiments at the time. He spoke to the head of the North Dakota State Museum, and he also knew of nothing. We asked to check the hotel register of the east hotel in town, and found no names that might have had connection with scientific experiments. We likewise checked the newspapers for that period, and although this incident was mentioned, nothing else bearing upon it was. The newspapers did mention that television towers were being erected at approximately this location at the time. Accordingly, the engineer of the TV station was consulted and he stated that at no time were any experiments carried out relative to the construction of the towers.

3. Aircraft:
All observers are reasonably well experienced with aircraft, with of course Mr. [redacted] being the "authority" among the observers. Aircraft must definitely be ruled out. The only hope is that these were balloons, but in the absence of any evidence for experiments going on at the time, or of these lights having as balloons, this appears a desperate solution.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 36 -

