PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
26 Feb 53 26/1239Z

2. LOCATION
Kingsville, Md

3. SOURCE
military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
approx 30 sec

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
ground visual

7. COURSE
East

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[x] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[x] No

10. CONCLUSION POSSIBLE AIRCRAFT
Comments:
Since source was riding in an automobile, it is believed that
obj was not properly observed. There is great possibility that
obj was an a/c at a far distance reflecting the rays of the
sun. No check on a/c in the area.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Unusual luminous obj was sighted in the NE approx 40 deg
above horizon. When first sighted obj appeared to be stationary
and 15 seconds later the brightness appeared to diminish
and seemed to move in an E direction. Obj was last observed
approximately 30 deg above horizon.

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNCLASSIFIED
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL USAF
4TH DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

24-0-252

SUBJECT: FLYING
Sighting of Unidentified Aerial Objects on
25 February 1953, at Kingsville, Maryland, and
5 March 1953, at Baltimore, Maryland
ROBERT F. PILOTT, Capt., USMC
SPECIAL INQUIRY

To: Commanding General
Headquarters Command, USAF
Bolling Air Force Base
Washington 25, D.C.

1. This office has received two (2) Summary of Information Reports from the Baltimore Regional Office, 109th CIC Detachment, Subject: Sighting of an Unusual Luminous Aerial Object, dated 12 March and 23 March 1953. The Summary of Information Reports are set forth verbatim as follows:

"SECURITY INFORMATION"
12 March 1953

"Between 0739 and 0711 hours, 25 February 1953, Captain, Medical Service Corps, Chief of Radiological Hygiene Division, Army Environmental Health Laboratory, Army Chemical Center, Maryland who was driving alone in his automobile in a westerly direction on U.S. Route 1, two to three miles west of Kingsville, Maryland, sighted an unusual luminous aerial object in the northeast sky. The object appeared to be self illuminated and about forty degrees above the horizon. Estimated the surface brightness and color temperature to be about the same as that of the sun which at that time was partly obscured by clouds in the southeast sky. A layer of medium dark gray stratus clouds, at an estimated altitude of 7,000 to 10,000 feet, were in the same part of the sky, but [redacted] was unable to determine whether the object was between him and the clouds, the midst of the clouds, or the far side of the clouds.

"At first sight the object appeared to be a motionless, sharply-defined, ellipse-with-a-vertical-axis type, and after a few seconds appeared..."

[The rest of the text appears to continue but is cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

21-0-532
SUBJECT: Sighting of Unidentified Aerial Objects on 26 Feb 53, at Kingsville, Md, and 5 Mar 53, at Baltimore, Md - Capt, USMC FLYOBSRV - SPECIAL INQUIRY

to be about two-thirds as long as the major axis. [redacted] estimated that at two and one-half feet from his eye the projected diameter of the object would be about one-eighth of an inch.

"After about fifteen seconds the brightness diminished somewhat and for an estimated five seconds the aerial object assumed the mushroom-shaped appearance of the caustic produced by the reflections of sunlight on the smooth interior of a wedding ring. Motion of the object first became apparent during this five-second period.

"Thereafter the major axis appeared to be horizontal and the object began to drift northward. It appeared to move at the same altitude in an easterly direction until, due to its movement away from the observer, it had reached a position thirty degrees above the horizon. Place then lost sight of the object in the progress of his automobile behind a hill. Upon reaching an unobstructed area further down the road, the object had disappeared and was not seen again. No smoke or vapor trails were observed.

"Captain [redacted] qualifications as an observer are as follows: 20/20 vision corrected by eyeglasses. He has a bachelor of science degree from Carnegie Institute of Technology where he majored in physics. Among his studies at Carnegie Tech was a one year course on the phenomena of light. [redacted] has been a physicist in connection with experimental work and on for a period of eight years. On numerous occasions he has observed reflections from aircraft and pyrotechnic flares at various kinds and observed no similarity in color, brilliance and shape between the luminous aerial object and anything he had observed before.

"At 1600 hours, 26 February 1953, an agent of this office returned with a spot one hundred yards west of the intersection of Force Road and U. S. Route 1 where first observed the object. A compass was sighted on the spot in the sky where first observed the object, and a reading of thirty degrees was obtained. A check at the Churchville Ordnance Corps tank proving ground - the only known activity in that direction - revealed that no pyrotechnics had been used in that area.

EXHIBITS NOTE: The 208th AA Battery, Catonsville, Maryland, was checked regarding any activity in the area with negative results.

2

[Remainder of page partially obscured]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 3 -

