Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
27 Feb 53  28/0205

2. LOCATION
Pasadena, Calif.

3. SOURCE
Astro (STAR/PLANET)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2 Hrs

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Hrs

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
-

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Probable Star/Planet

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Bright stationary object - seemed to change color disc and size. Remained in same area of sky with slight motion and observation for a period of 2 hrs. Grew filed out a very sketchy report.

FORM
FTDJSEP 53 0329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   5 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   20 miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Personal information is redacted/blacked out]
City: Pasadena, Calif.
Present job: Mining Engineer, Prospector
Age: 62   Sex: male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school
f. Other special training: Drill & Blast Mining, etc.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6 April 1953


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Handwritten text, partially illegible]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Blank]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten text, partially illegible]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

USAFTIS                                                                Page 2

Come to note it had not moved
87 had come noted in opposite direction
so took a sight on it with the map namely
long could two was two have with a crack
to sky my local my sight back time. This
style just estimate was - west 20 miles
was my - pos'n - 50,000 ft high - prob'ly 50 to 100 in
Maneuver - traveling they slowly to northwest.
During the Time - 2 hrs flying across previous
passed between my self and the 87. Plane fairly
able to make my way - 20-25° if yes. There is a
series of nat. Range - at 55° to gauge by the
course thing out - several my time in Bernardin
Balloons - have seen many kinds - then picked
up - remember what they squiped - but this was
an different. Intend to have too desire to
make for any ordinary conditions have seen
more that - I am in this for great of a
man who can tell means - 87 in view and to
see how and from what - from this

Reflection of some Plays shows it to be sometime


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repost information that you already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: 09 Feb. 11, 1953

[Handwritten text, partially legible]:
"This motion survey using static in geology - weather, spillos, minerals, with other studies to become more or less successful. Facts that will natural and other phenomena should be reported.

At time was opening up a tungsten mine and crossing in work. To camp and observe the necessary changes - happened to show work. This slight which at time it was the dawn or light could near some as caused to be - very slight over, nearly left area of scene. [remainder of text is difficult to fully decipher]"


- page 6 -

MARCH FLIGHT SERVICE CENTER
March Air Force Base, California

DZ 319.1                                                                24 March 1953

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flight Object

TO:    Air Technical Intelligence Center
        Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
        Ohio
        ATTN: ATIAA-2C

The attached letter regarding an unidentified flying object is forwarded for your information. This report has not been processed in accordance with AFR 200-2, since this letter was received at this center on 20 March, 21 days after the reported sighting.

Encl 1
Ltr fr
Dtd 1 Mar 53                                                            LOUIS A. GRIFFIN
                                                                        Major, USAF
                                                                        Commanding

Pasadena 5, Calif.

Questionnaire sent 30 Mar 53


- page 7 -

Movement showed evidence of being traveling with air or weather mass.
Weather that day and day fowling showed a large area of movement from that direction....
Reason for reporting this:
There is a War, bitter and dangerous!
There has been much discussion of GERM WARS and much Accumulation.... The enemy evidently has contemplation of this method of destruction....
There is also wide knowledge of the Japanese effort with balloons.
Therefore this small crumb of information.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Via: Valley Wells.                                Nipton Calif.
                                                  March 1 1953.

To:
Army
Air Services
Civilian Defense Services.
G-2 Intelligences Services.

Observance of Something out of Ordinary. In the Air.
Friday Evening February 27 1953.

Area. Township 1N R13 E.3SEL.Covering Lat.35 N.
        Twn.TW4-40   to 115-23.
thru area, also to Elroa.Ca U.P.R.R.

Observed from:
        Point approximate 5 miles northly
        From Marl Springs
        Elevation 4475 ft.

Object:
        Very Bright, star-like during last hour
        of sun-shine before sun-set.
        Var. 60 mild-Temprature approximate 60
        wind 5 to 7 mi.from South -east.

At first, thought it was plane on maneuver, then
"May-be" star. Finally noticed it was seemingly
stationary. Thirty minutes later noticed
that it had move very little if at all.

Then took sighting, from a point on house with a
this for toward sight.

Watched until after dark. Concluded it was
moving North east at about 5 to 7 miles per hr.
This object at first seemed-be very bright
a large star, maybe, about sunset it seemed to
get larger, brightness increased if anything.
About dark, it started to fade, finally became
Brownish red, then faded to red, untill utterly
disappering. No way of definitly measuring distance
traveled or height. Distance away, very High
with-out doubt. Have a point that could be used
to triangulate from.

                        Roger Balldo n Cor./etran.
        Have picked up numerous Pillar with Weather Ballons
        Pillar with weather phenomenon in this area.
        Planes all kinds, experimental flights, over Callis
        area.

Conclusion:
        This object too large for weather
        Too bright for ordinary material
        To must have been painted or of
        some ????? material.


- page 9 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
27 February 1953

2. Time of day:
7:20 7:33
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Pasadena
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or Country

Additional remarks: From ship 7:32 to 7:33 (some text illegible)

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
(Hours) (Minutes) (Seconds)

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One) a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember


- page 10 -

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
             b. Several blocks away?
             c. A block away?
             d. Several yards away?
             e. Other

11. Did the object:
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
    c. Break up into parts or explode?
    d. Give off smoke?
    e. Change brightness?
    f. Change shape?
    g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what I moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what I moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses  Yes   No
    c. Windshield   Yes   No
    d. Window glass Yes   No

    e. Binoculars   Yes   No
    f. Telescope    Yes   No
    g. Theodolite   Yes   No
    h. Other


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: no
b. Color: Larger, Thinner, Glowing star - Brighter white somewhat

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

Other: at point - tiny bright - Trailing at point beam - Fuzzy point of beam entirely

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
55-12-100 ---- feet/( ---- )

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Slowed to grow dim in brightness, turning, the object then to next with practice, almost faded, at last known - fire it was known.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a large - Balloon out of metal, motion if mysterious other would reflect the same light.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: ___________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? [Handwritten text partially illegible]

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees, [handwritten text partially illegible]
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 14 -

