There are no photographs on this page from the document. Here is the transcription of the text:

---
1. DATE/TIME GROUP
22-Nov 53/1200Z

2. LOCATION
Woomera, Australia

3. SOURCE
civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
none

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
ground visual

7. COURSE
usually North

8. CONCLUSION
ASTRONOMICAL: METEORS

9. PHOTOS
No

10. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
1. Green obj shaped like a saucer, flight to North at high speed. Bluish exhaust coming from rear. Disappeared several times as though above clouds.
2. Bluish green obj in flight to the North, high speed. No additional data available.
3. Two flares appearing to drop vertically in the Northwest. Orange turning to a pale blue.
4. Bright obj moving N at high speed.

FORM
FTD SEP 03-92D (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.
---

- page 1 -

There are no photographs visible in the image you provided.

Here is the text from the document:

```
COPY

Flt.Lt.
R.A.A.F. Field Security Officer
A.R.D.U. Trials Flight
Woomera, South Australia

UNCLASSIFIED

14th January, 1954

Reference: 8/10/2/TRA

Provost Marshal
Air Force Headquarters
Melbourne

FLYING SAUCER SIGHTINGS - WOOMERA AREA

1. On the night of 22nd-23rd November, 1953, three parties of Woomera residents claim
to have seen phenomena in the sky which they claim resembled the "Flying saucers"
reported in the newspapers.

2. ****** employed in the Department of Supply Transport Office at Technical
Area, Woomera stated that his wife drew his attention to an object in the sky when he
was driving from Fort Augusta to Woomera at about 2200 hours on 22nd November. They
were then between Toosalde and Birthday Siding.

3. Mr. ****** described the object as being shaped like an inverted saucer, the colour
as seen described by his wife as "teal". The object was said to be travelling in a
Northerly direction at a high speed, emitting bluish coloured exhausts from the rear
and sides. Mr. Scott stated that as the object, whilst not changing course, disappeared
for a moment several times as though flying above cloud. The cloud base on that night
is reported by the Met. section to have been 4/8ths at 5,000 feet.

4. At Mr. ****** request I did not interview his wife who eh says is very nervous.
Mr. ****** stated that she could not add to his story,

5. Mr. ****** from the same section stated that at 0200 hours on the 23rd
November, 1953 he also drove to Woomera by the same route.

6. When he was about 50 miles from Woomera he saw a bluish green circular object in
the sky travelling northwards at high speed. He cannot further describe the object.

7. At 0315 hours Mr. ****** stated he saw what appeared to be two flares which dropped
vertically to a position North-West of the Lake 15 miles from Pimba on the Port Augusta
Road. He said the colour of the flares were orange, turning to pale blue.

8. Mr. ****** panel beater, who was driving another car further back stated

UNCLASSIFIED
```


- page 2 -

The image contains no photographs, only text. Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Air Attaché, Australia IR-36-54 7 

he saw a bright object proceeding North at a high speed at approximately 0230 hours on the 23rd November, 1953. Shaw could not enlarge on his statement.

9. All the persons interviewed claimed to have been sober and in a normal frame of mind and insist that they have not exaggerated their descriptions of what they saw. They are regarded locally as being most reliable people. Their sight is good.

10. While no one would estimate the height, size or distance from the object, their stories, which were independent of each other, and were only discussed with each other several days later after each had given his story to other people, are very similar.

11. The Met. Officer's report can only indicate that the object or objects were at an altitude of over 5,000 feet. It is possible that a bright star may have been seen through light cloud, and with the turning of the cars, appear to move rapidly. Alternatively, a meteorite may have been seen under the same conditions. A check with the Government Astronomer may throw some light on the matter.

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS, DOD DIR 5200.10

12. Forwarded for information 

UNCLASSIFIED
                         (sgd) 
                         Flt. Lt. ————— 
                         for (P.F. Bull)
```

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph; it is entirely text.

The Kinross Case

Some such mechanism probably explains the radar returns reported in the Kinross case, which some saucer publications cite as a proved instance in which a flying saucer attacked a plane. On the night of November 23, 1953, an Air Force jet was scrambled from Kinross Air Force Base, Michigan, to intercept an unidentified plane observed on radar. The jet successfully accomplished its mission and identified the unknown as a Dakota, a Canadian C-47. On its return to the base, however, the Air Force jet crashed into Lake Michigan and, as often happens when a plane crashes into deep water and the exact place of the crash is not known, no wreckage was ever found. As the ground radar at Kinross had tracked the returning jet, the scope had picked up a phantom echo in the neighborhood of the jet; the two blips had seemed to merge just as both went off the scope.

Since the crash was not reported as a UFO incident and did not involve any question of unidentified flying objects, ATIC was not asked to investigate the problem. The office of the Deputy Inspector General for Safety carried out a thorough inquiry and concluded that the crash had been an aircraft accident, probably caused by the pilot's suffering an attack of vertigo. As for the two blips shown by radar, the night had been a stormy one and atmospheric conditions had been conducive to abnormal returns. The phantom echo had almost certainly been a secondary reflection produced by the jet itself, and it thus merged with the return from the jet and vanished with it when the plane hit the water.

Solely on the basis of this radar phantom, however, civilian saucer groups such as NICAP ( see Chapter XIII) have tried to transform the Kinross crash into a UFO mystery with Air Force investigators as the villains. According to one spokesman, the ghost blip represented an alien spacecraft that happened to be cruising over Lake Michigan that night and attacked the jet for one of two reasons:
1) The saucer might have tried to avoid close contact with the jet by turning on a "reversed G-field beam" (see Chapter IX), colliding with this beam as with a stone wall, the jet crashed.
2) The saucer might have used the G-field to scoop up the plane out of the air and take it aboard the spacecraft; the captured pilot might have been needed to teach the English language to his alien captors [1, p. 99 f.].

- page 4 -

There are no photographs present in this image. The content is entirely textual.

OCR output of the text in the document:

---
THE KINROSS INCIDENT

This incident was not reported to ATIC as a UFO sighting and therefore we have no case file. Due to the great amount of public interest in this incident ATIC contacted the Flying Safety Division at Norton AFB, California for information pertaining to this aircraft accident. It was determined from Norton AFB that the F-89 was scrambled to intercept an unidentified aircraft which was successfully accomplished. The aircraft was reported in as a Dakota (Canadian CL-47). From the time that the F-89 started to return to base nothing of what happened is definitely known. It is presumed by the officials at Norton AFB that the pilot probably suffered from vertigo and crashed into the lake. The wreckage has never been recovered. This case is carried in Air Force Aircraft Accident Records.
---

- page 5 -

