Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
16 July 53 19/0502

2. LOCATION
Brooklyn, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (meteor)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10-20 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
-

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDB) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
July 1953

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   (No)

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I THINK IT WAS SOMETHING MAN MADE, NOT A METEOR OR SHOOTING STAR. POSSIBLY SOME NEW TYPE OF PLANE NOT YET RELEASED TO PUBLIC KNOWLEDGE.

Page 7


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   [No]
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   [No]
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [street redacted] BROOKLYN 29 N.Y.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job?   SLIP CLERK

Age   37     Sex   MALE

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school ________
b. High school   1 YEAR
c. College ________
d. Post graduate ________

e. a. Technical school   SHEET METAL (ACFT. TERM.)
    (Type) _____ ANTI. LOS ANGELES, AAF)
f. Other special training   ROBERTS AUTO.
                            BROOKLYN, N.Y.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   17   AUG.   1953


- page 4 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-post information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [redacted]
SIGNATURE [redacted]
DATE August 17th, 1953

On Saturday, July 18th. I went up on the roof to cool off. It was very hot. I laid down for awhile and looked at the lines in the sky. Suddenly I happened to see this red object in front of my eyes. I've often seen shooting stars, but they were usually blue or green or white. I noticed this was red and coming toward me. I twisted my eyes to it and followed it until it went out of sight. As it passed over head I thought of a flying saucer. This flew in a straight line. It appeared dull red. Like heated metal. There was no noise, smoke, or my kind of detail. To be truthful, when I first saw it I could not make its shape, but as it went away from me it appeared to be [illegible].


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

USAFTIS                                                                Page 2

I would not guess its speed but it was faster than my plane, yet not as fast as a shooting star. As to its height I again would not guess, but if it was as high as I would imagine, it would have been enormous.

What struck me as odd is the fact that about fifteen minutes before I saw it there were planes landing and taking off at Floyd Bennett Field. Then about fifteen minutes after this, they again were flying. But at that time the sky had no planes at all.

It is my personal opinion that the Air Force has studied our planes they are testing and this was one of them. However, as I stated in my letter, my sole reason in writing was that regardless what it was I saw something and if some one else saw it also I just wanted to corroborate it.

Oh yes, the time was between ten and five eleven P.M.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature area blacked out]


- page 6 -

Brooklyn, 29, New York
July 19, 1953.

U.S. Air Force.
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

I do not know who this should be addressed to but no doubt you will forward it to the right person.

Last night, Saturday, July 18th I went up on the roof to sleep as it was very hot in our apartment. I was facing in about an east, north-east direction when suddenly in front of me I saw what appeared to be a shooting star, only it was red instead of blue or green. I did not know my vision but fixed instead. I followed it until it got out of sight - and just before it did I thought of the flying saucer.

It was about ten minutes to eleven P.M. and came from the East, north-East and went in a straight line West, South-West, which would bring it over Staten Island. I should note how flying it was very high in the sky - which made me think of a shooting star - but as I said it was fiery red in


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

color, and while it took only about five to the
seconds from the time I saw it until it passed
from sight, it did not think with the swiftness of
a shooting star - but it did think terrifically fast.

Then too it passed directly overhead.

I could not distinguish the shape of it
but imagine it was round. For neither when it first
saw it - nor when it passed out of sight, was there
at anytime a head or tail. It made no noise at
all, neither from a motor, or a roar or swish - but is
I said it was tremendously high. As it was passing
though I could see that where an object should have
a front it appeared to be oval shaped, and with a
color like iron when it is heated. It was the first I
thought of the "flame". I only told my wife but to
dislike even listen to me.

The reason I am writing you this is because
of my wife's attitude. Maybe I did not see a "flame"
but I saw something up there. Now, perhaps some one
else saw the same thing at this time - this will at
least help him verify it, and from another human
saw it.

If it was a shooting star, or some other
style of event, I'm sorry to bother you with it out
of it did see something I certainly would be.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

happy if you would tell me so, then I could
have to my wife I like see something I've never
seen before.

Sincerely, yours,

[The signature area is blacked out]

Note: The text appears to be handwritten in cursive script on the page.


- page 9 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified serial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
July 18 1953
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 11 10-05
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted Address] Brooklyn, N.Y.
City or Town           State or Country

Additional remarks: A VERY HOT NIGHT. I WAS UP ON THE ROOF TO COOL OFF.

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
                   Hours   Minutes   15-20 Sec.
                                     Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
                    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight     e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember


- page 10 -

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)   b. Several blocks away   c. A block away?   d. Several yards away?   e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [blank]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Yes   No


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound     NO SOUND OF ANY SORT
b. Color     DULL RED - LIKE HEATED IRON

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

<< O     NO VAPOR TRAILS

18. The edge of the object was:
(Circle One:)   a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a light
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?     ONLY ONE
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

STRAIGHT PATH

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
feet. COULD NOT GUESS.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin   g. Silver dollar
                b. Pen             h. Baseball
                c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
                d. Nickel          j. Basketball
                e. Quarter         k. Other
                f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain                c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain         d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? LAST ITSELF IN A HAZY RED FROM OUTSKIRTS NEAR AND STREET LIGHTS

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you can reconstruct the object that you saw. Of what type material could you make it? How large would it be? And what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text follows, which appears to describe the object's appearance, but is partially illegible due to cursive writing]


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other: ON ROOF TOP

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
LAYING DOWN ON ROOF. HAPPENED TO NOTICE
IT DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF MY LINE OF VISION.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.


- page 14 -

