The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document related to a UFO sighting report.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP 20/1/53  2300/2400.
3. SOURCE 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 10-15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Visual 
7. COURSE 
8. PHOTOS NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE NO
10. CONCLUSION RELATED (STAR/PLANET?)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
A small, yellow, round-shaped object observed in the sky over Sturgeon Bay, Wisc. was probably a star or planet.

- page 1 -

The image contains two sketches. The first one shows a curved line with the instructions to place an "A" on the curved line to indicate how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it, and a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.

The second sketch shows two landscapes - one on the left depicting a road and buildings in the distance, and one on the right that resembles a half-circle or dome shape.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (view) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. (This sketch is an example of how to complete the larger sketch.)

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET" containing a questionnaire about a sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for statistical purposes, and will be released only to proper military and scientific personnel. Your name will not be associated with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
We request that any additional information so given, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2/9/53
2. Time of day: 7:32 - 7:35 [minutes]
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin
5. Estimate how long you saw the object: [Circled] b. Fairly certain [amount redacted] seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with several questions about the reported UFO sighting.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 400-500 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
What is your present job? Housewife
Age 18
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 March 1953

- page 4 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

It instructs the reader to provide a short description of the event or sighting that was observed, and encourages the inclusion of any additional details or sketches that may be important. The form has fields for the observer's name, signature, and date.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire with various questions about observing unidentified objects in the night sky.

8.1 STARS (CIRCLE ONE): None, A Few, Many, Don't remember
8.2 MOON (CIRCLE ONE): Bright moonlight, Dull moonlight, No moonlight - pitch dark, Don't remember
9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (CIRCLE ONE): Yes, No
10. IF IT WAS BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?: (CIRCLE ONE) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, b. Several blocks away?, c. A block away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other
11. Did the object: (CIRCLE ONE for each question) a. Appear to stand still?, b. Suddenly speed up and away at any time?, c. Break up into parts or explode?, d. Give off smoke?, e. Change brightness?, f. Change shape or color?, g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
12. Did the object move behind something, particularly a cloud? (CIRCLE ONE): Yes, No, Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (CIRCLE ONE): Yes, No, Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
14. Did the object appear: (CIRCLE ONE) a. Solid?, b. Transparent?
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Yes or No for each) a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass, e. Binoculars, f. Telescope, g. Theodolite, h. Other

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a form to be filled out.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound The object was silent
b. Color It was white or grayish in color, almost like a crazy flame.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch all of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple oval shape is drawn in the space provided.]

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Circle Distinct or Fuzzy
b. Like a light sphere
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't know

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and answer fields.

Where were you located when you saw the object?
Inside a building

What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? 
I was walking from the business into the building when I happened to look up and saw the object. It appeared to be hovering motionless in the sky, which caught my attention.

The rest of the text on the document appears to be a questionnaire with various multiple choice and fill-in-the-blank questions related to the sighting, such as the observer's location, the object's movement, and estimates of the object's angular size and elevation.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report form, containing text for various questions and instructions.

Here is the text output from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Penny
b. Pea    
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Silver dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following): What are you sure of your answer to Question 22.
a. Exactly certain
b. Not very sure
c. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects appear from view? All lights flashed on and off at irregular intervals and movement was very erratic.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object (or objects) which you saw.

A great stationary candle flame, I think a lemon could be used to illustrate it.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUD's (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds  
34.2 WIND (Circle One): a. No wind, b. Slight breeze, c. Strong wind, d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold, b. Cool, c. Warm, d. Hot, e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? 3/23/1953

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes, No

39.1 IF you answered YES, was the object too? (Circle One): Yes, No
39.2 Please list their names and addresses: 

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? (Circle One): Yes, No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? [Handwritten response]

- page 10 -

