Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
18 Jun 53 16/2400

2. LOCATION
Key West, Florida

3. SOURCE
Military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
7 and 8

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
25No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
25No

10. CONCLUSION
POSSIBLE SONIC LIGHT
Object showed "direction sharply, indicating nature. This also
does not co-incide with weather balloons. On 7E the object was
a near 11th alt. (in Mia) (Exhibit, should be "Exhibit A")

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was observed from a look in Key West area, appeared
as a bright light, and traveled at a very fast speed. Observers
stated that it traveled toward, parallel and away from site.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A hand-drawn diagram showing an object's path with angles and measurements]

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
600 feet. A pretty wild guess.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
g. Silver dollar
b. Pea
h. Baseball
c. Dime
i. Grapefruit
d. Nickel
j. Basketball
e. Quarter
k. Other: 2/3 size half-moon at
f. Half dollar     similar altitude.

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? After lighting up (see below) for 3rd. time for about 2 seconds object made 90° turn to port behind distant cloud bank we had been observing for some hours.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Lighted portion of object had exact shape of Keufel and Esser half-circle I hold in my hand. Rear projection too dim to estimate other than apparently elongated triangle projected from base of semi-circle. Were I to attempt to construct it, would take a huge Quonset, lay it on its side, and to the bottom attach a tapering triangle about three times in length, the radius of the Quonset. It would, at least, have the fore- or motor part be constructed of (this sounds quite insane, but you asked for it) soap jade that was translucent.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Skiff at anchor, Aft. water

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Sitting in stern of skiff idly watching course of bone-fish my wife had hooked and was playing. Fish was running approximately E. Completely unobstructed view, no ships, no clouds (save the very distant formation), looking right at spot and saw the damn thing light up.

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest
(120° marked)

30. What direction were you looking when last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     z. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest
(245° marked)

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North     120°     degrees.
b. From horizon     20°     degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North     245°     degrees.
b. From horizon     10°     degrees. (See below)


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you lost saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Not corrected for perspective.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind Possibly Beaufort's #1
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm 80°F.
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
15     October     1953     Add. Did not know to whom to
                            address myself

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) YES     No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) YES     No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: (Mrs.)     Street,
Capt.                     N.Y.C. 21, N.Y.
Marathon, Florida

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) YES     No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Several blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
If it was not a guided missile, I would rather not care to guess, or would prefer leaving it up to you. It most definitely was NOT a plane of any type, a reflection, (no ship in sight and we were 3 (read) miles from road, with nothing but mangrove island between it and us), a mirage, (I've seen them), a meteor or any sort, (seen then by the thousands), an atmospheric phenomenon, or a dirigible such as the Boca Chica ones.


- page 5 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 3,400 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 12,500 feet. off.
14,600 azi.muth.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] N.Y.C. 21 N.Y.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? Partner, [redacted] N.Y.

Age 54 Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school many.
b. High school Andover.
c. College Princeton.
d. Post graduate Sorbonne.

a. c. Technical school [blank]
f. Other special training Com. USNRF ret.
Hobby has always been celestial-
Offered Com. teaching it at Columbia WWII.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 16 November 1953.


- page 6 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 4/11/53

On June 19, 1953, 1913, EST, was sitting in stern of skiff at anchor on the flats just East of Marathon estimated position, latitude North 24.0, 11 mins., 15 secs., longitude West 81°, 49 mins., 40 secs. - watching my wife fight a bonefish from middle of skiff. Fish had been hooked some 10 minutes. Captain was seated in bow of skiff.

Wind Beaufort's No. 1-1/2 dry warm (approx. 80°). Few stars, just at twilight, no clouds of any kind save a thunderhead below Bahia Honda Bridge (some 12 miles distant) which we had been watching earlier in the afternoon, wondering if it might come up on us. The cloud had remained stationary and the distance was quite easy to judge as we had an unobstructed view of the sea and the 7 Mile Bridge was some 2 miles to our right. Cloud formation was obviously South/Southwest. We learned later that it had been squalling at Bahia Honda during the late afternoon and early evening. There was no rain of any kind at Marathon until after 2300 EST.

There were no ships in sight, nothing showing in the stream, and not even a skiff any place near us. There was no noise of any kind and indeed, just prior hooking the fish we had remarked on the absolute peace and quiet of the scene. The fish was running more or less due East, and I was following his course. When suddenly, out the sky, as though a flash-light had been turned on, appeared a semi-circle of light (yellow in color, with a greenish tinge), altitude 300, estimated height 8000 ft., moving on a 250 true course. The brightness was approximately that of the moon at a similar altitude, the size about 2/3rds of a half-moon -- which was indeed its shape. Object remains illuminated for approximately 3 seconds and then faded so that there was practically no luminosity. At the end of about 2 seconds of darkness, object again illuminated for 3 seconds, went off for 2 seconds, again illuminated, and after about 2 seconds, made a 90° turn and disappeared behind a cloud bank.


- page 7 -

USAF TIS                                                                                     Page 2

I was able to follow the path of the object somehow, even when it was not luminous, and knew exactly where it would emerge. The distance that the object ran during the some 13 seconds we had it in view was approximately 11 nautical miles. My reason for stressing the cloud bank formation and its distance is that it is by means of this that I marked the length of the run.

When abeam the object had an altitude of about 300, and my recollection is that when it disappeared, its altitude was approximately 10°. This latter figure may be erroneous. If my recollection is correct, it would indicate either:
(1) that I was wrong on my estimate of the height or the object when abeam (possible, but if it was higher, its size must have been completely fantastic),
(2) that I misjudged the run of the object before it disappeared (seriously believe this to be improbable, as I had the cloud bank well marked), or
(3) that the object gained height on the run (this latter, however, in my opinion).

To me the most striking feature of the fantastic episode is the absolute and complete lack of noise that accompanied the phenomenon. There was not a sound or any kind, either before or after its appearance. If you can excuse my exclamation "Jesus Christ, what's that?"

It is my opinion that Captain [REDACTED] saw the object simultaneously with me and that my wife looked up and saw it at a fraction of a second after I did. The three of us were able to follow it during the entire run.

The formation, as mentioned above, was that of a round half-moon that was brightly lighted, but there did appear to be a dim, to no very dim, after-part -- triangular in shape, attached to the base of the half-moon.

I have heard, but do not know of my own knowledge, that the object was picked up on Key West radar.

Respectfully submitted,
[SIGNATURE REDACTED]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

28 June 1953

Statement of Paul Mathias LEINO, Chief Radio Electrician, U. S. Navy, attached to HS-1, Seaplane Base, Key West, Florida, who resides at 1313 Patterson Avenue, Key West, Florida

This is my report of a strange object observed in the sky on the 13th past, at about 1200. It was first brought to my attention by my wife, Joanne, by asking it that was an airplane. Upon first observing the object, it appeared to me to be a very bright light such as a large arc search light. The light seemed to focus upon us and well, it seemed as if the object was trying to attract our attention by focusing the light and then kind of fading.

The light out of focus. I can tell approximately two or three times. My wife said that she had observed it for, oh, a minute and a half, two minutes, something like that before she had called my attention to it. After two or three phenomena of this apparent focusing upon us by the light appeared to come toward us at a very rapid pace and then it veered off to the right at about a 30 or 35 degree angle from the horizon and where we were anchored in the boat, south of Little Spanish Key. This light then travelled several miles, I would say 15 to 20 miles in a westerly direction and then it turned out leaving an object in the sky, oh, any where from 12, 14, 13 inches in diameter and continued in a westerly direction for another 10 to 20 miles and then from this 12, 14, 13 inch diameter it veered directly or in a southerly direction again and disappeared in a matter of seconds.

The right angle flight of this object was at the speed approximately of a shocking start. There was no trail of any sort behind it except this very, very bright light. It seemed to me a carbon arc light. That is just about all I can recall at the incident. In the area south of Big Spanish Key, here in the Keys, and we were anchored in about 20 feet of water. The object was anywhere from 20 to 30 miles from us at about a 20 or 35 degree angle from the horizon, come toward us from the South, veered off to the West, and disappeared back into the South. On the extinguishing of the light, it appeared to be, well, having been at sea and seeing oscillations where the larger battleships use these very large 30 inch carbon arc search lights, the light appeared to be of that type and upon turning out it acted just as these lights that I have seen during maneuvers, well, some maneuvers that I have been in the Navy, having been in several years. It just dimmed out, flickered a little, and seemed to light just as still I couldn't distinguish this object as a dark object, I wouldn't say it was exactly black, but it was a dark object in the sky anywhere from 12, 14, 15 inches in diameter and it continued for several miles in a westerly direction before it turned south again and disappeared in a matter of a very low seconds or a very short time. The path of flight was upward. It was both upward and downward. As it come toward us at the first sighting, it come at a lowering altitude. It come from the horizon watching down, I would say it dropped about 2 degrees in the amount or travel that I saw and then upon turning right, it had a very slight increase of altitude, anywhere from 2, 3, 1 corona area in the sky which it was in a westerly direction and when it disappeared in a southerly direction, it started in as up altitude again. We were in company with the 7 "D" of Key West, Florida, another flashing boat operated by Joe Walker. He was on the Northern side of the island doing some flashing and about this time this phenomena was observed. They were returning to the anchorage, but upon their arriving back with us, I asked them if they had been it and they said, no, because at about the time that Mrs. Leino and I observed this phenomena they had become stuck upon a sand bar and all hands were out pushing the boat off the bar to get going again. The

- 1 -


- page 9 -

light condition was right at dusk, around 1900. In this area it was still light enough that objects could be seen plainly for a good many miles. The weather was clear, no rain, some clouds in the sky. As a matter of fact, the object when my wife first observed it, came out from behind the clouds. The time of day, it was just before the stars came out. That in just about the time of day it was, just before the stars came out, falling stars, and meteorites in travel, prior to this, but this did not appear at all like anything that I had ever seen before. It was just this very, very bright light. It was a very bright light which seemed to be focused, was not red. Then it would come on again. It seemed like it was being focused on us and then as if they were trying to attract our attention. "That is the way the wife explained it to me and the few times that I seem it, that is what trying to get us in focus and then it would go beyond and then it wouldn't be focused and then to bring it back into focus and if we very, very bright upon there was no trail of any sort that I could see. The closest distance that it got to me, I should say was within 20 miles. Not closer than 20 miles. Well, I am not a very good mathematician, but from where I was it was about a 30 degree angle right off the water at about a 30 degree angle right at 20 miles. Now right about I was a machinist, I am 42, I will be 43, this coming November, weight 164 pounds. I first enlisted in the Navy, July 15, 1939, was discharged July 15, 1941, reenlisted October 1, 1942, and have been in continuous service since then, a total of 13 years and 9 months, 8 months and 25 days naval service.

- 2 -


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

United States                                                                TAC 16-53
                    AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

LOCATION:           South East Florida - Key West
DATE OF INFORMATION: 1 July 1951        DATE OF REPORT: 1 July 1951        MISC C-3

REPORTED BY:        DONALD J. TROMBLY                                       Military Observer

NO Paul G. Acino, USN, 183-L, Seaplane Base, Key West, Florida, observed an
extremely bright light in his sky, south east of Big Spanish Key near west,
at approximately 1900 hours (2100') on 18 June 1953, after having his attention
called to it by his wife. He observed the light for approximately five (5) seconds
during which time it appeared to move towards him (northward), then away from him
(westward), then to the south, at a very high rate of speed. The object was first
seen by him. "Who is said to have observed it for approximately two (2) minutes
before calling her husband's attention to it. Salient features of the observation,
in no less than accuracy, were the apparent "Towering effect", the intensity of the
light, and the object's speed and abrupt change of course.

This office has no comment on the significance of the report other than that the
observer evidently saw a very bright light or light object which was not familiar
to, nor recognized by him.

[Signed]
                    DONALD J. TROMBLY
                    1st Lt. USAF
                    Intelligence Section

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page]

1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5.

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS,
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
AGED DIR 5200.10

[Distribution details and standard document footer text]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 11 -

19 TUE 1953 MINERS, FLA.
Unclassified
Project HENRY
PPS-161
B-Index

26220

Flight path (diagram with directional annotations)

Number of UFO: 1
Next day: -
Mea sta: -
Disc: 11
Many: -
AAF: GOC
Air: rad
Color: -

Duration: 13 sec.
Moon: 1st QTR.

Sunset: 8:30° + 30°

Time: 19:13 ± 10
Date: 19 JUN 53
Location: 1/2
Reliability: 1/2

INFO NEEDED:
1. Check cor.
2. -
3. 7 deg
4. Subtitle, n/a
5. Heavier flight path
6. -
7. Did it get smaller w/or distance
8. -
9. -
10. -

PLAN OF ATTACK:
(All lines blank)

ADDITIONAL REMARKS:
(Mostly blank, with final line reading)
"The night the moon fell:"

A small crescent moon-like shape is drawn on the document.


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT    UNCLASSIFIED

FROM (Agency) Wing Intelligence Office                REPORT NO.    6
456th Trn Carr Wg (*)                                 PAGE    2 OF 4 PAGES
NTA, Miami, Florida

1. The following information is submitted in the order established by paragraph
70, AFR 200-5.

a. As observed and described by WO Leino the object and/or light had no definite shape other than round and "blunt". The size, as reported to the Base Intelligence Officer, was Naval Base, Key West, was stated to be 12 or 16 inches in diameter; however, after questioning by this interviewer, it was ascertained that this was 4" (estimated) in diameter. The object was compared to his thumb held against the sky the light appeared to be approximately four (4) inches in diameter while the object seen after the light went out was approximately one quarter (1/4) to one eighth (1/8) of an inch in diameter. Color was described as an intense white or yellow light.

b. The observation was made at approximately 1900 hours EST (2100 Z) and lasted for an estimated five seconds. (Estimate of elapsed time was based on a test made for this interviewer consisting of counting up to five and adding the phrase "one thousand and" before each digit at a normal talking rate.) Mrs. Leino was mentioned as having observed the light for an estimated two (2) minutes before WO Leino's observing it, during which time the varying intensity was described as especially noticeable.

c. Observation was visual, no optical aids being used, and was made from a boat on the water.

d. At the time, the observer was in a boat anchored between marker buoys 33 and 34, over the 20 feet depth just south of his Spanish Key, or at 26° 16' 30" north, 081° 25' west. Observer mentioned Lilith Shanleh Key in the attached statement, but corrected this when questioned by the interviewer from this office. Observer estimated the object to have been twenty-five (25) to thirty (30) miles from his present position at a height of 30° to 35° above the horizon at all times. However, he stated to the interviewer, after being led to discuss perspective in connection with true size and distance, that his estimate of distance was not based upon known constants but was based upon his estimate of the true size of the object. "His also explain the discrepancy between size of the object as set out in the attached statement and size as indicated in attached statement a, above, i.e., not taking into account the effects of perspective.

e. Description of observer's experience set forth in the last paragraph of the enclosed statement was checked by the interviewer from this office and found to be true in all particulars. Personnel records pertaining to the case are attached.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

[Unclassified stamp at bottom]


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT    UNCLASSIFIED

Final Top Secret security clearance dated 25 March 1952, given by the Commanding Officer of the U S Naval AirEvelopement Center, Johnsville, Pennsylvania. He was in the company of the interviewer for approximately one and one-half hours during which time he seemed very stable, extrovert in nature, friendly, mature, honest, and possessed a quiet self confidence. His concern for his personal safety was religious although not ostentatiously so. He stated he believed life could exist on other planets and that he believed interplanetary travel was possible but was not convinced of its actuality at this time. He had heard reports of "flying saucers" and was reluctant to discuss the phenomenon in detail.

After which he had ever seen, both in intensity and ability to change course sharply. On two or three occasions he and his wife were alone on their patio, fishing, and they remained on the boat for two more days. He stated their habit to drink alcohol except coffee and water. No estimate can be made of his world probability since lack of time during the visit to Key West prevented interviewing her.

F. Weather and winds aloft conditions at the time of the sighting were not available from the local weather station. Since the National Weather Records Station at Asheville, North Carolina. However, personnel stated that conditions had remained fairly constant throughout the twenty-four hour period and offered a report for 9000, 18° June. This is submitted solely as an indication of weather conditions for the overall period.

[Table showing Altitude, Direction, and Speed]

G. No unusual meteorological conditions were noted during the period. There were thunderstorms in clouds and frequent lightning, cloud-to-cloud, thirty (30) miles to the northeast of Key West at 2128 hours. The ceiling was composed of low scattered clouds at 22,000 feet and high broken clouds at 30,000 feet. Official sunset was at 1914 hours (20th 7).

h. No physical evidence of the sighting was found nor were photographs taken.

i. No interception or identification action was taken.

j. Flights conducted in the area close to the time of the sighting were as follows:

[Small table showing Transient Arrivals with Type and Number]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112—PART II
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

UNCLASSIFIED

From: Wing Intelligence Office
156th Trn Carr Wg (M)
VTA, Miami, Florida

REPORT NO. 6
PAGE 1 OF 4 PAGES

Transient arrivals
1903
1924

Type
TW2
JRR

Number
1
1

Local flights
1845 - 2115
1845 - 2145

Type
SRF
TDM

Number
1
2

One of the TBM's on local flight missions was equipped with a searchlight; however, it was not on a searchlight operations mission at the time it was flown directly forward.

2. Observer and his wife did not return to Key West until 30 June, and, since he was on leave until 26 June, he did not report the incident to his superiors until the latter date. The sighting was reported to this office via the Base Legal Officer (Trial Intelligence Officer) at Key West, the CNI in Miami, and the OSI at this base, and the report was received in the afternoon of 26 June. Efforts to contact the CNI in Miami and the Base Legal Officer at Key West on Friday, 26 June, and Saturday morning since both offices had closed for the week end. Due to the fragmentary incomplete nature of the first report no additional information could be submitted.

An interview was arranged at Key West on 1 July and it was decided that due to the lapse of time between the sighting and collection of all the facts the expense of an electrical report would not be warranted.

[Signature]
DONALD W. TWOMBLY
1st Lt, USAF
Intelligence Officer

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

[Unclassified stamp at bottom]


- page 15 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

(Top left, partially legible)
(No. 111.679)
[rest of text is illegible]

Visible text on map/diagram:
First Sighting
Key West
Various coordinates and location names, though some are difficult to read clearly

The document appears to be a map or diagram with lines, points, and annotations related to a sighting, likely near Key West, Florida. The text is faint and partially obscured, making full transcription challenging.


- page 16 -

HEADQUARTERS
456TH TROOP CARRIER WING (M)
HQ MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIT-TPS
Miami, Florida

W16                                                                9 July 1953

SUBJECT: Transmittal of AG Form 112, FLTO-PF

THRU:   Commander
         Lightweight Air Force
         ATTN: Director of Intelligence
         Donaldson Air Force Base
         Greenville, South Carolina

         Commander
         Tactical Air Command
         ATTN: Deputy Chief of Staff, Intelligence
         Langley Air Force Base
         Virginia

TO:      Director of Intelligence
         Headquarters, United States Air Force
         Washington 25, D. C.

1. Subject FLTO-PF, concerning incident on 18 June 1953 at Key West, 
Florida, reported by WO Paul H. Leino, submitted herewith.

2. Reference paragraph 2 of subject report, information concerning 
efforts to contact Navy personnel concerned is subject to ambiguous inter-
pretation as to office closing hours. The office of Naval Intelligence in 
Miami closes at 1630 hours on weekdays and is closed on Saturdays. With one 
person remaining to answer the telephone and furnish necessary locator 
information. Closing hours of Langley office are Key West are the same.

[Signed]
DONALD J. MCNALLY
1st Lt, USAF
Intelligence Officer

1 Incl
AF Form 112 (cused)
w/2 Incls

cc: Chief, ATIC, ATTN:
     ATIA-26, Mrkint
     Patterson AFB, Ohio


- page 17 -

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

FROM: (Originator)
CG ATIC
TO:
COMDR 456TH TROOP CARRIER WG (M)
MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
MIAMI FLA

INFO:

FROM: AFOIN-ATICS-7-16-8

UNCLASSIFIED

ATIC has received AF Form 112 on 18 June 53 Key West sighting by WO Paul M. Leino.

Request you determine whether TBN aircraft specified in report was operating search-lights at the time of sighting. Also request you determine whether other local air-craft noted were engaged in any unusual lighting operations. ATIC believes five-second duration of sighting does not allow observer accurate estimate of object's course. TBN therefore may have headed toward him and then flew away and therefore could have caused sighting. ATIC regards your report as officially complete.

In reply cite Project Blue Book.

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
OFFICE OF RECORD
ATICS-5
Official File Copy
10073

COORDINATION:
ATICS-5 R.M. Olsson     Date 16 July 53
Lt Olsson

ATIAE A. Johnston       Date 16 July 53

ATIA   Col McDuffee     Date 16 July 53

DRAFTER'S NAME (if different, when required)
LT R.M. OLSSON/VS
SYMBOL ATICS-5

TELEPHONE
6535

UNCLASSIFIED

DD 1 OCT 49 173 REPLACES WE FORM 172, 1 MAY 48
WHICH MAY BE USED.

UNCLASSIFIED

Releasing Officer's Signature: ROBERT C. BROWN, MAJOR, USAF
ADJUTANT


- page 18 -

HEADQUARTERS
1564th TROOP CARRIER WING (M)
MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
Miami, Florida                                                        August 1953

SUBJECT: Project Blue Book: FLYOBRPT, Leino

TO:   Commander
      Air Technical Intelligence Center
      ATTN: ATIAC-2C
      Wright Patterson Air Force Base
      Ohio

1. The enclosed copies of correspondence between this Headquarters and the Base Intelligence Officer (Base Legal Officer), U.S. Naval Base, Key West, are submitted in reply to your message AFOIM-ATIAC-7-16-B.

2. In reference to paragraph 3, Enclosure 2, the interviewer contacted personally an officer in the Operations Office at Boca Chica Naval Air Station and the latter officer furnished information as to aircraft movements after a telephone conversation with another office. There was no reason at the time to suppose that the information was furnished from what was evidently some sort of planning schedule that was later verified.

Having been informed of the contents of Enclosure 2 when in conference with the Base Intelligence Officer at Key West at the time of investigating the Forrest sighting (reference message AFOIM-ATIAC-7-25-N), the interviewing officer personally reviewed aircraft movement control logs maintained by the CAA and the control tower to obtain pertinent information for the De Forrest report. This office reports the error in not making personal absolute verification of information furnished in the Leino report.

3. In reference to Enclosure 3, this office has furnished copies of AFL 200-5 to the Base Intelligence Officer, Key West, and has offered to furnish copies of JANAP 146, CURTISS Reports, if copies are not readily available to the Base Intelligence Officer.

3 Incls
1. Ltr, 1564th TC Wg (M)     [Signature]
   20 July 1953               1st Lt, USAF
2. Ltr, USNR, Key West        Intelligence Officer
   31 July 1953
3. OFF memo, Legal Offr,
   Key West, 30 July 1953


- page 19 -

HEADQUARTERS
456TH TROOP CARRIER WING (T)
5TH TACTICAL INTL AIRPORT
Miami, Florida

UNCLASSIFIED                                                20 July 1953

SUBJECT: FLYOBSPT, Letro

TO:   Commanding Officer
       U S Naval Base
       ATTN: Base Legal Officer (Base Intelligence Officer)
       Key West, Florida

1. Attention is invited to the enclosed wire message from Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, relating to the sighting of an unidentified flying object on 19 June 1953 by PAO, Reno, and the subsequent report filed by this office, a copy of which was furnished to your Headquarters.

2. Information as to aircraft flights in the local area was obtained for the report from the office of the Operations Officer, Key West Naval Air Station (Base Chiel). If convenient, it is requested that your office secure and provide this office with the information requested by ATC. This request is made due to the proximity of your headquarters to the Naval Air Station, the continued interest of all but the most necessary flights. From this base to the Mintis imminent removal to Charleston, South Carolina, and to the fact that your office is conversant with intelligence methods and the need to avoid publicity in these matters. If the contents of your office prevent securing the containment information it is requested that this office be notified by mail as soon as possible.

3. Flights conducted in the local area close to the time of the sighting were reported as follows:

Transient Arrivals                   Type            Number
1852                                 SMB             1
1900                                 PLY             1
1902                                 TV2             1
1924                                 JRB             1*

Local Flights                        Type            Number
1815 - 2115                          S&S             1
1845 - 2115                          TBM             2

One of the TBM's reported on local flights was equipped with a searchlight.

4. This office appreciates the aid and efforts of your personnel in expediting preliminary processing of this investigation.

1 Incl                                                    DONALD J. TOOMEY
1st Lt, USAF
Intelligence Officer

UNCLASSIFIED

COPY


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

VVC53
VVC035
VVC013
JEEP&P 6185
PP JEEP
PE JEEP 9 8HP
P 1615307 7LJ
FM CONDR ATCH WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
TO CMDR 156TH TROOP CARRIER WG HQ MATS ATTN PLT A
FROM AGOIN-ATCH-A-716-16-ATCH HAS RECEIVED
AF FORM 112 ON 18 JUNE 53 KEY WEST SIGHTING BY HQ PAUL M LINGO.
REQUEST YOU DETERMINE WHETHER "SKY AIRCRAFT" SIGHTED IN VICINITY WAS
OPERATING SEARCHLIGHTS AT THE TIME OF SIGHTING. ALSO REQUEST YOU
DETERMINE WHETHER OTHER LOCAL AIRCRAFT NOTED WERE ENGAGED IN ANY
UNUSUAL LIGHTING OPERATIONS. ATCH REPLIES GIVE SECOND DEPICTION OF
SIGHTING DOES NOT ALLOW OBSERVER ACCURATE ESTIMATE OF OBJECT'S
COURSE. TEN THEREFORE MAY HAVE HEADED TOWARD HIM AND THEN FLEW AWAY
AND THREADED SOUTH HAVE CAUSE SIGHTING. ATCH REGARDS YOUR REPORT
AS OFFICIALLY COMPLETE. IN REPLY CITE PROJECT BLUE BOOK.
17/2132* JUL JEEP

The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" and has a date stamp of JUL 18 05 1953. There are also multiple "COPY" markings on the page.


- page 21 -

UNCLASSIFIED

U. S. NAVAL BASE
KEY WEST, FLORIDA

Code 003
Ser 328

31 JUL 1953

From: Commander, U. S. Naval Base, Key West, Florida
To: Headquarters, 456th Troop Carrier Wing (M)
Miami International Airport
Miami, Florida
(ATTN: Donald J. TWOMBLY, 1st Lt., USAF, Intelligence Officer)

Subj: PLXOBMPY, Leine

Ref: (a) Hq. 456th Troop Carrier Wing (M) MIA ltr to CO NavBase
Key West, Fla. of 20 July 1953

1. The information stated in the third paragraph of reference (a) has been checked with the Operations Officer at the Naval Air Station and it has been determined that there were no aircraft in the air during the times in question. The two local flights, SH3 and the T2N, were cancelled and were never airborne. The transient P4Y did not arrive at 1902 on the day in question, but had arrived prior to that date. Its final departure from the area was in the mid-afternoon of the date of the reported sighting.

2. We were unable to determine that any aircraft with searchlights were in the air in the Key West area at any time close to the time of the reported sighting.

3. The information you have on the two local flights was apparently obtained from a mimeographed flight schedule of Air Development Squadron ONS. These two flights were cancelled prior to the scheduled time of departure.

B. H. HICKEY
By direction

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 22 -

15 February 1954

Mr. [redacted]
New York 21, New York

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Because of our geographical proximity to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, the Air Technical Intelligence Center has asked the McMillin Observatory to cooperate with them in the capacity of technical consultant to "Project Bluebook". Accordingly, we receive from ATIC reports of unidentified flying objects which indicate, from the initial data received from the observers, that an astronomical or meteorological interpretation of the phenomenon may be in order.

We have received your report of the phenomenon witnessed last 19 June, near Key West, Florida, and we were particularly impressed with the fine job done, both in observing and in reporting.

A few additional questions come to mind which, we feel, might help us clear up the incidents.

I shall be in New York some time this week, and would appreciate very much the opportunity of spending a short while discussing this with you personally. Since Mrs. Rothschild also observed the object, perhaps she would be willing to contribute her report as well.

I trust you will find it convenient to cooperate with us in this matter. I shall probably contact you Wednesday morning.

Very truly yours,

J. R. Gluck
Emerson McMillin Observatory


- page 23 -

STANDARD FORM NO. 64

UNCLASSIFIED

OFFICE MEMORANDUM - UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

TO     : Lt. Donald J. Twombly, USAF                 DATE: 30 July 1953
          Intelligence Officer, 4656th Troop Carrier Wing (M)
          Miami International Airport, Miami, Florida

FROM   : Lcdr. B. H. Berry, Legal Officer, U. S. Naval Base, Key West, Florida.

SUBJECT: Aircraft directives; request for

1. It would be appreciated if you would send directives regarding reporting of
these sightings to the undersigned and to the Operations Officer, U. S. Naval
Air Station, Boca Chica Field, Key West, Florida

/s/B.H. Berry
/c/B.H. Berry

A CERTIFIED TRUE COPY:

[Signature of Donald J. Twombly]
DONALD J. TWOMBLY
1st Lt, USAF

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 24 -

Summary of Investigation of Observations, 19 June 1953, Key West, Fla.

Interrogated Mr. & Mrs. N.Y. They both talked a great deal, not waiting for questions to be put to them.

Mr. is a deliberately careless, highly sophisticated individual of 54, resembling Sir Cedrick Hardwicke, who made a well-executed entrance into the room slipping up his trousers, followed by flinging himself full-length upon a couch and pouring himself not less than 1 ounces of Tennessee whiskey. He considers himself an observer — in fact, he states he can see stars in the daytime. As he reached over to refuel his glass I could well believe him. The character of the observers is, I believe, relevant to the interpretation of the phenomenon being investigated.

The observers reconstructed the incident: namely, that they, along with a guide-fisherman, had been fishing off Key West, 19 June 53. The time was at twilight, everything was still, no clouds at all except a quarter-moon piling up on the SW horizon, some 11 miles distant. Suddenly, a half-moon shaped object "like a quonset hut on its side, lit up out of nowhere, 20° high, and in the next 13 seconds traveled thru approximately 100 degrees of arc, rising to 70° with 3 or 4 then disappearing in the SW, behind the thunderhead. In the 13 seconds under observation, the object lit up, or went through, 2½ cycles, of illumination, of 3 seconds each, during which time it glowed a translucent, greenish-yellow, with dark splotches or markings on it. The outline of the object was still visible as it passed through the darkened phases. There was no sound associated with the phenomenon. All three people saw it, one was wearing polaroid sunglasses, another, prescription sunglasses, and the 3rd Observer (not specified) observed with the unaided eye.

Mr. calculates that at a distance of 12-14,000 feet, the speed would have been 3,600 mph and the size of the object 600 feet.

Evaluation:

1. The incident took place within 2 minutes of sunset.
2. No one saw the moon at the same time. However, on 19 June, the moon was at 1st quarter, putting it near the meridian at sunset. Yet, they all stated emphatically that the moon was not visible.

Says, just after the incident, he turned around to the north and spotted Polaris, to help him determine the elevation of the object.

Now, how could anyone be able to see Polaris, a 2nd magnitude star, in very bright twilight, and yet fail to see a quarter moon, which, as they had been facing south, must have been looking them square in the face?


- page 25 -

October 29, 1953

FROM:
New York 21, N. Y.

TO:
Department of Defense,
Air Force Information Centre,
Pentagon Building,
Washington, D. C.

SUBJECT:    U.F.O.

REMARKS:

1. Object observed June 19, 1953, 1913 EST. Seen by three witnesses, two of whom are navigators.

Reason for delay in making mention of this matter is that none of the observers knew what to do with data on phenomenon.

2. If it is so desired, would be able to give you complete details.

Respectfully submitted,

1hr/nw

NOTE:
Questionnaire
Sent 7 Nov-53


- page 26 -

NEW YORK 5, N. Y.

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE,
Air Force Information Centre,
Pentagon Building,
Washington, D. C.

There is a circular stamp that is partially illegible.

There are also some numbers and text at the bottom of the page that are partially obscured or difficult to read completely.


- page 27 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusion, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
19 June 1953

2. Time of day:
19 13 Watch time (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Marathon, Monroe County, Florida
Nearest Postal Address: Estimated position: Lat. N 24° 41' 15"
Additional remarks: Long. W 81° 16' 46"

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours Minutes 13 Seconds plus or minus 1

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight

(Circle One): a. Just a trace of daylight b. No trace of daylight c. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at it
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember


- page 28 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember (Not visible)

9. Was the object brighter then the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other Like moon at similar altitude.

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: Clouds at end of run.

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Yes   No


- page 29 -

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Weird, not a sound as though it were traveling in a vacuum.
b. Color Yellow, almost like moon with a slight greenish tinge. Colors seemed luminescent, fluorescent, almost like phosphorous.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with a half-circle shape, with an arrow pointing to the right]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp-edged
d. Don't remember

a. Other: Seemed to have a tapering tail that to me was dark and indistinguishable.

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The bottom section of the page is blank]


- page 30 -

