Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
7 Jul 53 - - -

2. LOCATION
ATLANTA, GEORGIA

3. SOURCE
CIVILIANS (#3)

10. CONCLUSION
TOWER: HOAX
Investigations proved that the sources were trying to get publicity by telling up a hoax. Animal was examined and identified as a shaved monkey. Source admitted that story was a hoax.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
- - -

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Three civilians reported that they were riding in a car when they saw a red saucer-shaped obj & three little men on the highway. Two of the little men got back into the saucer which flew away, but the third creature was hit. The animal was taken to a newspaper office in Atlanta.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
ground visual

7. COURSE
- - -

8. PHOTOS
☒ Yes
☐ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☐ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0429 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE INVASION CONTINUES

Sherman, Texas photo
A large unidentified flying object was photographed near Sherman, Texas. The UFO appeared as a large light.

Unidentified flying objects were sighted over Seattle, Washington about 11 o'clock Friday, August 31, 1951. The UFO were described as moving from the air by an airline pilot. The UFO's were described as moving from north to south. The UFO was described as round.

Another photo was obtained on August 8 night in Oklahoma City by an ATIC Board of Director. The objects (14 in all) were also not visible at the time the photo was taken. These objects appear as dark, oval.

Only one other photo was obtained by two Pratt, Kansas reporters.

The flap of sightings were reported over a nine state area, over the two nights. We have been in contact with Wright-Patterson AFB, on several occasions. There is no question that they are real, and that something is there. The question now is what, are they and where do they come from?

THE ALIENIST

Early in the Spring of 1949 a man unidentified flying object landed near Mexico. The thirty-six foot source one member of the two man crew was found lying dead near the sill of the door which he had apparently opened on landing. Death seemed to have been caused by the "little men."

Within three hours after the saucer's instrument panel was quickly transported, marked as "ammunition" on an army truck to Wright-Patterson APIS, Ohio.

What did the scientists find out?
The saucer was propelled by electromagnetic power and traveled at the speed of light, 186,000 miles per second.

The photo below is one of the "little men."


- page 2 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white sketch or drawing of a humanoid figure, positioned next to a vertical measuring scale on the left side of the image. The figure is drawn in a dynamic pose, with arms and legs positioned as if in motion, and the head tilted back.


- page 3 -

The image appears to be a black and white sketch or drawing of a humanoid figure. The figure is standing with a slightly wide stance and has one hand raised to its head or face, as if shielding its eyes or looking at something. The drawing has a rough, textured quality and appears to be a stylized or artistic representation. There is a measurement scale or ruler on the left side of the image. No legible text is present in this image.


- page 4 -

OPERATIONS REPORT - 6 thru 10 July 1953

1. During the past week press activity concerning unidentified flying objects has increased noticeably with the most apparent case in which press publicity was given being centered around the Atlanta, Georgia, area. In substance this sighting concerns three men traveling along in a car near Atlanta and reportedly sighting a flying disk with three creatures attempting to enter it as the car approached. The three men stated that two of the unknowns got back into the "saucer" but the third was hit by their car. They took this object back to Atlanta with them and one of the observers, Mr. B. _______, displayed it in his barber shop window.

Upon investigation by the 35th Air Division, Intelligence Office, and pressure from local and national news agencies _______ confessed the whole story to be a hoax in an attempt to gain publicity. The unknown creature which he had reportedly hit with his car was in fact a monkey which he had shared. A local pet shop reported that three monkeys had recently escaped so the issue about the story being a hoax was never in doubt.

Nature stated that before his planned sighting, he had attempted to spread stories of the flying saucers and found people very eager to transmit his rumors.

[Signature and additional handwritten notes at bottom of document]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

7 July 1953                                                  UNCLASSIFIED                                                  Atlanta, Georgia

Description

On the night of 7 July 1953, three observers from Atlanta were driving on Highway 78 near Mapleton, Georgia, when they encountered a "flying saucer" in the middle of the road. There were three small animals near this red colored "saucer". As the observers bore down on this object, two of the animals entered the "saucer" and escaped. As the "saucer" rose and disappeared at a 45 degree angle, it turned a light blue in color. Observed' car struck the third animal and knocked him unconscious. After getting out of the car and finding this animal which was approximately 21 inches in length, had long ears, no hair, and no tail, observers stayed at the scene and several other automobiles stopped. The animal died in about 30 minutes and was taken to one of the Atlanta newspapers. A reporter for the newspaper called the FBI, who in turn called the OSI to investigate the incident.

Discussion

This animal was first examined by a local veterinarian who stated that he had never seen such an animal before. Later the animal was taken to Emory University where an Emory authority identified it as a member of the monkey family and not an "animal from space". A member of the State Crime Laboratory and another member of the Emory University staff identified the animal as a monkey which had been shaved and from which the tail had been removed. Observers confirmed that the whole story was a hoax resulting from a $10.00 bet with a friend that he could get his picture in the paper. Observer was fined $40.00 for obstructing the highway and was released at that time.

Conclusion
- Other - Hoax.

Note: This is one of many similar reports received by Project Blue Book.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

16


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

LIKE ESCAPED CAPUCHIN, ASSERTS PET FARM OWNER
Just a Monkey, Experts Say of Tiny 'Martian'
By KATHERINE BARNWELL

A weird hairless creature, three Atlanta youths claimed was a "little man from space" was identified Wednesday as a monkey by scientists, and the owner of a Buckhead pet farm claimed it was nothing but a monkey.

Scientists at Emory University and Dr. Hermann Jones of the Yerkes Primate Research Center looked like the creature which the youths said they killed as it tried to board a flying saucer was "nothing but a monkey."

Dr. Jones confused the body of an insect for investigation purposes with the monkey which they said ran over on Highway 78 at Lithonia at midnight Wednesday. The two youths, Tommy Gresham and J. C. Gouge, 12 and 14 years old, said there were two other similar creatures.

Continuing the story, Dr. Hines said it was not a thesus monkey in their opinion. She defined it as "an Old World monkey."

Dr. Jones said "No car turned places and it had a fraction in the back of the body." Some of the men apparently were convinced the creature was playing a prank.

Two Army Air Forces representatives interviewed many persons and children - called newspaper men - and wanted to know where the creature was.

Two Army Air Forces representatives interviewed Cobb County police officer, identified as Lt. Amos Fain, came along soon after they did.

Dr. Walters said one telephone conversation with Dr. Jones revealed the creature's body.

Dr. Jones told his story "about 10 times," he estimated. Each time he gave the same details, he said, and passed the serious facts in progression.

"We were out honky tonking," he said, "but we were not drinking. We were going about 30 miles an hour when we stopped the head, the shape of the mouth and the eyes are just like a Capuchin."

The three monkeys which go away from the farm Saturday were all male Capuchin monkeys, weighing from 3 1/2 to 4 pounds, said Dr. Walters, whose farm supplies monkeys to Emory for polio research and who lives near Brookhaven.

Dr. Jones said the monkey definitely is a male monkey. It is not from outer space," said Dr. Marion Hines, professor of experimental anatomy at Emory, who with Dr. Jones examined the creature that came from Mars, they have monkeys on Mars.

Dr. Jones and Dr. Hines, who examined the animal for The Constitution, said the hair had been chopped off.

Dr. Hines said there are several hundred species of monkeys and the could not immediately identify the species as its most remarkable characteristic.

HERE'S "FLYING SAUCER" AS SEEN BY BARBER
Barber Draws Crude Sketch of "Little Men's Ship"

A De-Haired Monkey, Say The Experts
Barber Stands Pat On Saucer Story

SPACE CREATURE EXAMINED AT CRIME LAB... VERDICT: SHAVED MONKEY
Dr. Herman Jones, left, and Lab Assistant Leon Over Claimed They Found Clues

The rest of the text continues in the article, including details about the alleged "Martian" creature and interviews with various witnesses.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the newspaper article:

'Martian' Is
A Monkey

ATLANTA, July 8 —A young Negro said today he passed it off as a visitor from outer space, to win a $10 bet that he couldn't get his picture.

In the process, twenty-eight-year-old Willie Darden, who won the bet, his picture was widely used locally and was throughout the country masterly.

But the monkey said today and a Judge fined him $40 today for disturbing a highway while staging a fake incident declared by supporters that Mary should be called a "little man" from another world.

Mary was not a chimpanzee but a "little man" from outer space said Darden, who described a twenty-one-inch-long, four-pound "creature" that he said he killed with his pick-up truck while other similar trucks were passing.

Later, Dr. Herman Jones, head of Emory University anatomy department, said the "Martian" was an earth monkey. Later, Dr. Herman Jones, head of the anatomy department, performed an autopsy and came to the same conclusion.

The barber took the blame for a $10 bet. The Coca-Cola Bottling Company's Judge James T. Manning fined Waiters $40 after he was picked up by Police Chief Walters Wilkes after the incident.

Then he shaved the animal and manipulated its tail, the chief related.


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Monkey-Hoaxer Pays a $40 Fine; Surprised Any Folks Were Fooled
By KATHERINE BARNWELL

Hoax Ends In Health Fine of $40
(Continued From Page 1)

TAKES BLAME
Although Wilson and Payne, the two culprits tell the flying-saucer story, Watters insisted that never was a hoax more cleverly worked out or more full responsibility for the hoax.

SPREAD STORY
Watters said he had not expected people to get excited about his story, but he admitted he had tried for "publicity." He said he spread a report of flying saucers and found it easy.

The rest of the text is partially legible, but the key details are about a hoax involving a monkey and a flying saucer story that resulted in a $40 health fine for the perpetrators.

The image includes a photograph of what appears to be two men, but as per instructions, I will not identify them specifically.


- page 9 -

THE MAIN INVASION WAVE

24. July 31, 1955. At approximately 8:00 p.m. enroute to Oklahoma City several persons observed a bright light travelling north, toward Oklahoma City. The UFO was observed for about two minutes. During this time it flashed a red light several times.

Wynnewood, Oklahoma
July 31, 1948

At 1:05 a.m. on the morning of Saturday, July 31st the UFO's came back to Oklahoma. Wynnewood, Oklahoma police officer Lewis Sikes, 29, reported an unidentified flying object approximately by 30-35 NE of Wynnewood. Officer Sikes did not realize that the UFO was also being watched simultaneously by radar from Tinker AFB, Oklahoma City and Carswell AFB, Fort Worth, Texas. Officer Sikes observed the UFO with his wife for approximately 10 minutes in front of their home, when Officer Sikes drove across town and observed the UFO for another three minutes. His wife, Gail Jean continued to watch the UFO until 2:30 a.m.

An "intelligent control" was indicated during the first 10 minutes of observation when the object abruptly gained 1000-1500 ft. in altitude (estimated by Sikes to be 10,000 ft., confirmed by radar at 8,000 ft.) The UFO remained stationary for several minutes and abruptly lost approximately 1500-2000 ft. The UFO then moved to west for approximately 1000-1500 ft. and returned to the original location, at which time it moved to the east for approximately 100-1500 ft. then returned to its original position.

The night sky was clear and many stars were visible. The UFO appeared to be three times as bright as the evening star and was estimated by Sikes to be five miles NE of Wynnewood. The UFO appeared as a "light" source. The UFO itself was white with a bluish-green center, with a red rotating light circling the center.

At approximately 1.15 Officer Sikes drove across town and once again observed the UFO. His wife stated that while he was gone the UFO seemed to change colors and fade out. The UFO then reappeared and she watch it until he went well. Both Tinker AFB and Carswell AFB tracked the object to a point 15 miles southwest of Tinker when it disappeared. A few minutes later, it was tracked to a location 29 miles south of Tinker when it was lost again. A Brolniff airliner in the vicinity of Wynnewood at 5,000 ft. was notified but the airline pilot said no visual contact with the UFO was made. Officer Sikes' mother, Mrs. Robert Sikes, also watched the UFO and reported that it faded out was gone.

I first learned of the Wynnewood sighting at 9:05 a.m. when Mr. Mike Buchanan of KWTV, Oklahoma City, called to see what I

Photo by D. V. Critchfield

7


- page 10 -

Space Story Hoaxs
Fine Real Thing
To Earthling

ATLANTA, July 17 (JP) - The case of "the little man from outer space" would up today in a fine - for obstructing a highway.

While Schomaker readily was familiar with Atlanta harbor, who started the River Rat Tuesday by producing a battered, simplified little model of a space ship claimed clipped was beside a highway, the space ship parked on a highway.

Waters and Joe Schomaker, another companion, and Arnold Payne, 18, a brother, said the other creature was a midget about 14 inches high that as Waters' pickup struck and killed the thing they produced.

Scientific examination - quickly labeled the model a "space model" was just a monkey with its hair and tail removed.

In Cobb county superior court in nearby Marietta, Judge T. Hal Lawson dismissed the charges against the companions. The three originally were arrested on charges of cruelty to animals, but Judge James T. Atkinson decided this couldn't be because the animal was killed in self-defense.

From the hoax, no financial fraud could be claimed. But several other had collected at the point where Waters claimed to have hit the animal. The charge was entered and Waters pleaded guilty. The other two were dismissed.


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THE DAILY OKLAHOMAN

Bright Objects in Sky Set Phones, Nerves Jingling

[First paragraph partially illegible]

knew about it. Within an hour my wife, Karen, DeWayne Clingfieldl, our photographer and Public Relations man were on our way. I was permitted to interview Offi- cer Sikes for two hours. We returned to Oklahoma City and started putting the story in the paper. Sunday afternoon with the help of W. F. Rider, our Senior Director, we interviewed Officer Sikes again.

Upon returning to Oklahoma City a full report was typed out.

At 9:00 a.m. the telephone rang and Mike Buchanan said that the Oklahoma Highway Patrol tower located near Edmond, Oklahoma had been receiving UFO reports since 6:05 p.m. so far they had received in the neighborhood of 25-30 reports. The UFO's were sighted from Purcell north thru Norman to Chandler and back south through Shawnee. State Highway Patrol tower were flying in a diamond type formation. Cushion reported the UFO's at Tinker AFB, stated they had four UFO's on radar at 22:00 h. which coincided with visual sightings. The UFO's were all multi-colored. They hovered for as much as two hours, faded out or shot off.

[Rest of text continues with various UFO sightings and reports from different locations and dates]

On Mats [Mars]
[Various observations about Mars and cloud formations]

HOUPO ACTIVITIES
[List of UFO-related events and discussions in August 1953]

The document contains two illustrations of UFO-like objects, one on page 8 and another on page 17.


- page 12 -

