The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

16 Feb 53  16/2/2302
2. LOCATION
Ramer, Ala.
3. SOURCE
Civ Yen
10. CONCLUSION
BALLOON
Obiect presents characteristics of balloon sighting.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Metallic object appearing to be round at one angle and having sharp black wings or fins visible, covered with a silvery material, moving slowly, maneuvering, climbing, diving, executing sharp and left angle turns, and reversing its course.  5-7 min. balloon was being observed as obiect appeared.

7. COURSE
(¿)

8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

FTD Ff PP 42 6-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" dated 17 February 1953.

OCR output of the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
UNITED STATES
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object
AREA REPORTED OR
LOCATION: Redstone, Alabama
DATE OF REPORT: 17 February 1953
OBSERVER: Edward R. Swartz, 1/Lt, USAF, 86 Intel1 Off. 
SUMMARY: (Under certain conditions of light and weather, observers have sometimes reported seeing unusual aerial objects. This report is an example of such a sighting.)

AS of 2300H on 17 February 1953, a group of 6 observers were watching an AF B-47 when their attention was drawn to a noiseless, metallic, oblong object maneuvering at a distance of about 1 mile. The maneuvers were being performed in and around a few scattered clouds. The speed of the object was estimated at about 500-600 mph. After circling for about 5 minutes, the object climbed vertically at a high rate of speed, disappearing into the clouds at 26,000 feet. A further check with the Maxwell Radio Range revealed that an AF B-47 was operating in the area at the time, but it was approximately 20,000 feet lower than the object and has a speed of only 350 knots. It is stated that this object could not give an accurate description of the object, as the observers atate that it seemed to have a dim gray color and that it left no vapor trail as it climbed vertically. The object appeared to be about the size of a B-47, had delta or swept-back wings, and was pendulum shaped. This object performed maneuvers that are impossible for conventional aircraft. They described the object as climbing, diving, and strafing through such maneuvers. They described the object as climbing and disappearing in a way that is completely different from any known aircraft. 

Subjective sightings were made by the naked eye. The observers were located on the ground at Redstone, Alabama (33° 33'N, 86° 35'W). Observers state that they were able to watch this entire sighting from the ground for approximately 20 minutes.

The weather report state that at the time of the above-mentioned sighting, scattered clouds were present, winds aloft 2700 E 25 knots, temperature 10-15° C.

This office has no further confirmation of subject sighting. A check with McDill AFB revealed no reports by pilots on subject sighting. Both observers are untrained nature subjects and have had wider training before.

APPROVED:
EDWARD R. SWARTZ 
Lt, L.I., USAF 
Wing Intelligence Officer

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a photograph, but there is no photograph visible in the provided image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book document with text describing an unidentified sighting by two civilian men.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

Ramer, Alabama 16 February 1953 

I. Description of Incident:

Two civilian men at this location sighted an unidentified object at 1620 EDST while watching the flight of an F-86 interceptor across their field of vision. A metallic looking object appearing round at one instant and flat the next was seen at an altitude of about 15,000 ft. Its maneuvers consisted of climbing, diving, and sharp, abrupt turns to the left and right in and around a formation of clouds in a manner suggesting controlled flight. The time of sighting was for 20 minutes.

II. Discussion of Incident:

Although the Maxwell Radio Range Station reported no known aircraft other than the F-86 interceptor which the two relatively inexperienced observers probably sighted, they possibly sighted a fighter type aircraft, possibly an F-86, maneuvering in the air space below the B-47. To support this conclusion is the fact that the clouds mentioned in the original report around which the object was sighted were determined to be at 20,000 ft. At this altitude a fighter aircraft would be hard to distinguish from the object appeared to have even-back

III. Conclusion:

Possibly aircraft.

UNCLASSIFIED 

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DCS: DND MIL 220.10

- page 3 -

