Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
21 Jan 53 02/0402

2. SOURCE
Civilian

3. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1/2

5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

6. COURSE

7. PHOTOS
[X] Yes   Photo not
[ ] No     received

8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

LOCATION
Albuquerque, New Mexico

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED NO. PR ANALYSIS

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
From a newspaper report. Was relayed to 34th AD Division. Pictures were to MAJC-ADC.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Director of Intelligence
34th Air Division (Defense)
Kirtland Air Force Base
New Mexico

3 February 1953

Capt E. J. Ruppelt
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Dear Capt Ruppelt:

I am enclosing a newspaper clipping cut from the 1 February 1953 issue of the Albuquerque Journal.

You will note from the article, some photographs were taken of an aerial phenomenon 31 January 1953 by [redacted] of Albuquerque, New Mexico. No report was made to this headquarters. As a result of checking with Mr. Hunsley, we learned that the undeveloped negatives were sent to Life Magazine. Mr. Hunsley was quite willing to turn the photographs over to the Air Force but they had been sent to Life before he could be interviewed.

I do not know what these photos may prove to be. I have an incomplete statement from [redacted]. Apparently he saw something. The possibility of a meteor was ruled out by Dr. le Paz.

I realize this information is quite sketchy. I thought it advisable to check with you before further investigation. Without the photos his story is almost impossible to explore. I thought that you, if you think it advisable, could probably obtain the photos from Life.

Please advise if any further action is necessary on our part.

'Saucer' Is Sighted
In Technicolor

Saw flying saucer, snapped
with camera - no report
to G. M. Hunsley Jr. 4412 Ave-
nida Catredral NE, Saturday night.

A photographer for George
G. W. Hunsley said the saucer object was visible between 9 and
9:15 p.m. the west of the Highland Theater and seemed to hover
over the city. He argued it as being between 15 and 20 degrees above the
horizon.

Not previously, the saucer was
fairly good-sized and appeared
larger than a star. He said the object appeared to be white, but
changed color briefly to blue and
red when it remained stationary.

[Signed]
GLEN D PARRISH
1st Lt., USAF
Director of Intelligence


- page 2 -

11 February 1953

1/Lt Glen D. Parrish
Director of Intelligence
21st Air Division (Defense)
Kirtland AFB, New Mexico

Dear Glen:

I received your letter of 3 February 1953 and the enclosed clipping. Thanks for letting us know about this as we will probably get in on the act somewhere along the line. We will probably contact Life directly and see what this has. We have found in the past, however, that a very slightly tangential approach to a publication, for sale, are usually slightly on the questionable side. It seems that people that really feel that they have something new will be very willing to cooperate with the Air Force and mutually contact them immediately.

When Lt Gleason and I were down at Kirtland, Lt May at Kirtland asked me to find out what had happened to his application for a job at ATC. I checked and all I could find out was it was "in the mill." I could not find out when he might expect an answer, at the present time they have quite a few applications they are processing, and his was probably in that batch.

In regard to the meeting we had with the Los Alamos people, we checked and re-checked the dates of their radiation pick-ups and could find no correlation with changes of unidentified flying objects. We also showed the material they gave us to several scientists who should know what they are talking about and they said it is interesting but they were under the opinion that it was just one of those "freak of nature" that occasionally happen, they said that at times their counters had done the same thing, that they had not paid any attention to them. We are scheduled to go on a briefing tour of all AEC Divisions, so will probably be seeing you in the near future.

Best of luck and thanks for all the cooperation you have given us.

Yours very truly,

EDWARD J. RUPPELT
Captain, USAF


- page 3 -

