Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GRD.Y
19 April 53 19/1920Z

2. LOCATION
Ft. Davis, Texas

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
45 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
A Jet a/c with swept back wings was flying in the vicinity at the time of the sighting. It is believed that object was the a/c at high altitude reflecting sunlight.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Oblong shaped amber colored object resembled bird flying at high altitude. Object appeared to move than accelerate rapidly. Object changed direction 2 times, climbed. Fell back below the horizon.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

United States

Unidentified Flying Object
Fort Davis, Texas                                1 May 1953                                 19 April 1953
                                                 97th Bomb Wing, 110th Air Div, Biggs AFB, Tex.    F-6

W. D. BENTZ, Capt, USAF, Dir/Intel                                                 Fort Davis, Texas

SAF ICP, 15 Aug 52

The enclosed letter was received by the Civil Aeronautics Administration
Marfa, Texas and forwarded to the Directorate of Intelligence, 97th Bombardment
Wing, Eighth Air Division, Biggs Air Base, Texas. The Chief of Air Staff Opera-
tions Service at Marfa, added that he knows of a local case of a type that has prompted this writing in that vicinity at approximately the time mentioned in the attached
letter.

APPROVED:

W. D. BENTZ
Capt USAF
Director of Intelligence

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

1
Ltr fr A. V. Chapin to Civil Aero Adm, Marfa, Texas

Headquarters, Eighth Air Force, Fort Worth, Texas


- page 2 -

Ft. Davis, Texas
April 20, 1953

Civil Aeronautics Administration
Communications Branch
Travis Air Field
Marfa, Texas

Dear Sir:

Yesterday, on April 19th, about 1:20 P. M., while observing a vapor trail just west of Ft. Davis, from horizon to horizon, and from northwest to southeast, I observed an object which appeared to be floating just west of the vapor trail, about half-way between Ft. Davis and your air field at Marfa.

I at first thought it may have been a balloon released by the plane that made the vapor trail, as it appeared to be about the same altitude, but was not of a spherical shape like an ordinary balloon, and perhaps larger, somewhat oblong in shape. The object then appeared to descend somewhat and resemble an eagle or buzzard sailing, but was much too high for such but still appeared to drift about 1/2 a hundred and to hover at times. The object then began to swing in an arc toward the north with great acceleration, and short pointed wings became visible, as it passed over, at perhaps half the altitude of the vapor trail.

It continued to accelerate until the speed became uncanny and much greater than any jet plane I have ever seen. All the while it appeared to be an amber color. There was no sound whatsoever and no vapor trail. It followed a course a little west of north and disappeared over the horizon beyond the Davis mountains, in about 45 seconds. As it became a speck in the distance it changed directions lightly two or three times to the right, to the left, up and down, and then continued on the same course as before. All the while it appeared to be going about a mile in two seconds.

I shall appreciate your forwarding this information to proper authorities, if of importance.

Yours very truly,

AWC:MH


- page 3 -

