Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
2 October 53 - 2/0000

2. LOCATION
Tinker AFB, Oklahoma

3. SOURCE
Military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8 - 10 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
West

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■No

10. CONCLUSION
Possibly aircraft in area

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Pilot bluish white light was seen that "never knew big at first glance, then a car doesn't get equal to slow up. Then it observed it appeared to be low wing.

FTD SEP 63 0-529 (TDB) Portions obliterated of this form may be noted.


- page 1 -

Multi

2 October 1953
Tinker AFB, Oklahoma

SUBJECT: Report on an Unidentified Object in Flight

TO: Commander
Attn: Air Intelligence Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

The following report on an unidentified aireal object sighted about 0200 hours, 2 October 1953, is submitted for your evaluation and information:

FACTUAL DATA

(1) LOCATION OF SIGHTING PERSONNEL. Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

(2) TIME. 0200 hours, 2 October 1953.

(3) WITNESSES. S/Sgt Dale E. McCombs, AF-15463837, Hq Sq Sect, 2854th Air Base Wing, Tinker AFB, Oklahoma City, Okla., and PFC Charles E. Brown, U.S. Army, Serial No. RA-15376191, Fort Sill, Oklahoma.

(4) DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT SIGHTED. A bright bluish-white light, with a degree of brightness and color vary remarkably similar to that of the planet Venus (compared at the time of sighting as it passed, on it's course, within 10 to 15° of the sky plane). It's size appeared to be approximately twice as large as the brightest let magnitude star or planet visible in the sky at that time. It's brightness from the time of sighting until last observation did not noticeably vary.

(5) DIRECTION AND COURSE OF TRAVEL. [A diagram is present showing the object's movement]

(6) DESCRIPTION OF TRAVEL. [Another diagram is present showing the object's trajectory]

Note: Change of course after each hovering action


- page 2 -

A. Location of witnesses (Barracks No. T-511)
B. Horlson observation (Base Post Exchange)
C. Object travelled from "Q" to "P" in approximately two (2) seconds, on course "A" to "B" described in paragraph (5).

E. At point "D" the object allowed to practically a stop, then moved on in a fish-tailing motion at a drastically reduced speed, stopping at point "B" for approximately 15 to 30 seconds. It was observed hovering approximately three to four minutes to reach point "B". It was observed hovering at point "P" for approximately two minutes, then the writer proceeded to the Hq Sq Section, 265th AB Wing, orderly room, to call the field control tower, which could not be reached as phone was not answered. Upon return to point of initial observation, about three or four minutes later, the object could no longer be seen. PFC Brown, who had remained to watch object, while the writer attempted to call field control tower, had gone into the barracks to obtain additional witnesses. Therefore, neither of the witnesses observed the object's departure.

DISCUSSION
The writer is thoroughly familiar with all conventional aircraft lights, meteors, etc., of which he is certain that it was neither. The object's altitude is unknown, but from appearance in relation to a thin existing cloud stratum (altitude about 5 to 10%) of which it was above, it is believed that it ranged in the stratosphere or higher. The speed could not be estimated due to lack of triangulating reference points, and unknown altitude, but from past aircraft flight observation experience, it's speed, other than the three hovering positions, was in all probability in excess of a thousand miles per hour at all times. The first portion of flight, "C" to "D" referenced in paragraph (6), had to be in the thousands of mph category. It emitted no audible noise. Surrounding area noise level was exceptionally quiet, as a result of early morning hours.

PFC Brown, and the writer, are positive that this was an intelligently controlled object, unusual in maneuvering performance capabilities, and in short, like nothing we've ever seen before*.

[Signed]
S/Sgt Dale E. McCombs, AF-15463337
Hq Sq Sect, 265th AB Base Wing
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma


- page 3 -

