There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR Text Output:

K243.6012-3
1953-Jun 1957

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
AISIASHAF-A
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

SMC

7-3745-367
1003825

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Now, I will transcribe the text from the document:

---
Hq, 4602d AISS, Ent AFB, Colorado Springs, Colo. subj: Report of Visit of ATIC Representatives

a follow-up, field investigation of a UFOB report. These criteria will cover, among others, the following subjects:

     (1) Duration of sighting.

     (2) Number of persons reporting the sighting.

     (3) Distance from location of sighting to nearest 4602d AISS field unit.

     (4) Reliability of person or persons reporting the sighting,

     (5) Number of independent sightings reported.

     (6) The value of obtaining additional information immediately.

     (7) Existence of physical evidence (photographs, material, hardware).

b. It was noted that a single extraordinary circumstance might require follow-up, field investigation even though the general application of the criteria furnished by ATIC indicates that further investigation would probably yield little additional information,

c. In general follow-up field investigation of a preliminary UFOB report will not be warranted when the hypothesis suggested by the preliminary report of the incident cannot be tested by facilities available.

d. Exhaustion of Effort in the Investigation of UFOB's: Effort will be considered as exhaustive when every logical, physical hypothesis suggested by a qualified report of the incident has been tested by the facilities available.

a. Qualified preliminary reports shall be considered to be those which merit further investigation under the criteria set forth in paragraph 3 above.

5. Unsolved Cases: A case shall be considered unsolved after every suggested hypothesis has been tested by available facilities and a large percentage of the data in the report does not correlate with the characteristics of known objects or natural phenomena.

                                  2.
---



- page 2 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR of the text in the document:

---

HQ, 4602d AISS, Ent AFB, Colorado Springs, Colo. subj: Report of Visit of ATIC Representative

6. The following procedures were agreed upon:

a.  In case a UFOB sighting is reported initially by non-Air Force sources in letter form to either ATIC or the 4602d AISS, the file card will be made in duplicate by the recipient, and one copy forwarded to the other agency. This card will indicate that the UFOB was reported by letter and will show the action taken.

b. ATIC will be forwarded a file card indicating the action taken by the 4602d AISS on preliminary reports transmitted to the 4602d by elec-trical means.

c. The results of follow-up field investigations made by the 4602d AISS and reported on AF Form 112 will, in all cases, be sent to ATIC, D/I USAF, and such other agencies as the Commander, 4602d AISS, deems necessary.

d. ATIC may require specific information for aid in analyzing a reported UFOB sighting which can be furnished by a field unit of the 4602d AISS. Provided travel is not involved, ATIC may contact the appro-priate unit directly. In case ATIC desires detailed investigation or action which would necessitate travel, request will be made by ATIC to the Commander, 4602d AISS.

e. File cards reflecting action taken or conclusions reached by ATIC on either a preliminary or follow-up UFOB report will be sent to Commander 4602d AISS under the following circumstances:

(1) When conclusions of ATIC relative to identification of the sighting are at variance with those reached by 4602d AISS.

(2) When additional action is initiated by ATIC following the completion of action by the 4602d AISS.

7. Exchange of information: As a result of the ATIC experience in the field of investigation of UFOB reports, information of a general inter-est was discussed during the visit of ATIC representatives and will be furnished to the 4602d AISS on a continuing basis. Examples of such infor-mation follow:

a. Grid cameras. Information relative to the present distribu-tion of grid cameras and changes in the current distribution.

b. Statistics. Consolidation of statistics reflecting trends,

3.

- page 3 -

This page does not contain any photographs.

```plaintext
Hq, 4602d AISS, Ent AFB, Colorado Springs, Colo. subj: Report of Visit
of ATIC Representative

total reports and studies conducted by contract agencies.

c. Examples of proper and improper UFOB reporting.

d. List of standard replies to letters requesting action or
information concerning reported sightings.

8. It is requested that the guides for evaluation of reports
referred to in paragraphs 2 and 3 above be furnished at the earliest
practicable date. Concurrence or comments relative to the procedures
and agreements contained herein are solicited.

JOHN M WHITE JR
Colonel, USAF
Commander


HOASI 08 19 24

4.
```

- page 4 -

This page doesn't contain any photographs.

Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
ATAE5/CAH/wm/69216

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
ELECTRONICS BRANCH
M6T-2
(oo-J3
Office of Record

14 JAN 1955
SUBJECT: (U) Unidentified Flying Object Guide

TO:
Commander
4602d AISS (ADC)
Ent Air Force Base
Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. Attached for your convenience is the "UFOB Guide"
(Unidentified Flying Object Guide) which was prepared as a result
of the conference hold on 17 and 18 November 1954 between the commander
and staff of the 4602d AISS and personnel of ATIC.

2. The "UFOB Guide" is divided into two parts. Part I contains
the criteria for use in determining the feasibility of making follow-
up investigations. Part II contains hypotheses or examples for use
in identifying the objects or phenomena reported.

3. It is suggested that, after a reasonable period of use, a
part III be added to the "UFOB Guide" incorporating the definitions and procedures as agreed upon in the conference and as outlined in
your letter subject "Report of Visit of ATIC Representatives" dated
23 November 1954. This could then be printed or mimeographed and would serve both the 4602d AISS end the ATIC as standard operating procedure.

FOR THE COMMANDER

Incl                                          MARY L. STORM
UFOB Guide                                    1st Lt. USAF
Assistant Adjutant

COORDINATION:

ATAE-5                                    DATE    1/12/55
Capt C.A. Hardin

ATIC-2                                  DATE    12 Jan
Lt Col H.C. Jphnston

CLw/L. O'Hern                         DATE      13 Jan

```

- page 5 -

There are no photographs present in this document.

OCR text output:

---
Hq, 4602d AISS, Ent AFB, Colorado Springs, Colo. subjeet: Report of Visit of ATIC Representative

total reports and studies conducted by contract agencies.

c. Examples of proper and improper UFOB reporting. 

d. List of standard replies to letters requesting action or information concerning reported sightings.

9. It is requested that the guides for evaluation of reports referred to in paragraphs 2 and 3 above be furnished at the earliest practicable date. Concurrence or comments relative to the procedures and agreements contained herein are solicited.

/s/ John M. White, Jr.
Colonel, USAF  
Commander  

AFIAE-5 
1st Ind  

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio  
1 DEC 1954  

TO: Commander, 4602d AISS (ADC) Ent Air Force Base, Colorado Springs, Colorado 

1. The Air Technical Intelligence Center concurs in the agreements and procedures as outlined in basic letter. 

2. A "Standard Operating Procedure" is being prepared for use in the unidentified flying object program. This will be furnished to Hq 4602nd AISS as a suggested guide. 

3. The SOP will include the procedures listed in basic letter together with guides for evaluation of reports and criteria for determining the necessity for field investigations. 

FOR THE COMMANDER 

COORDINATION:  
__
ATIAE5 A..A.. ilardt, DATE 12/9/54 
ATIAE 4, /
DATE — 
Lt, C.q. Johston DATE  
ATIA L
DATE 
R. C. SCHMA  
CWO., USAF Asst. Adj.

Col. D..O'Hern  


- page 6 -

The page contains no photograph.

Now, here is the transcribed text from the document:

---
C
O
P
Y

HEADQUARTERS
4602d AIR INTELLIGENCE SERVICE SQUADRON (ADC)
ENT AIR FORCE BASE
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO

AISOP

23 November 1954

SUBJECT: Report of Visit of ATIC Representatives

TO:	Commander
	Air Technical Intelligence Center
	ATTN: ATIAE-5
	Wright Patterson Air Force Base
	Dayton, Ohio

1.	On 17 and 18 November 1954, the Commander, 4602d AISS and his staff met with Captain Charles Hardin, ATIC, and Doctor Allen Hynek, USAF Contract Astronomer, for the purpose of discussing ATTIC-4602 AISS relationships in the investigation and processing of Unidentified Flying Objects reports.  During the course of the conference general information was exchanged relative to the UFOB program, procedures were developed relative to the handling of UFOB reports and the criteria for evaluation of reports and conducting investigations were discussed.

2.	The evaluation of all UFOB reports as well as the lines of inquiry of investigations, will be governed by the application of certain hypotheses to the data available.  In the majority of cases, provided the information concerning the sighting is sufficiently complete, the data will suggest that the sighting was probably some known object or natural phenomena.  For example, the data available might suggest to the investigator the hypothesis that the sighting was an aircraft.  A check list will then be applied to the data using the hypothesis that the sighting was an aircraft.  The check list will contain those items which, in combination, characterize aircraft from other possible objects or phenomena.  For example, if the object was an aircraft, then there should have been noise, there should have been radar observation in certain areas, etc.  The application of these check lists will suggest the lines of follow-up investigation in the event the data is insufficient to satisfy the elements of proof necessary to identification.  ATIC will furnish the 4602d AISS with the check lists referred to above which will assist in the identification of UFOB's, and will cover, for example, aircraft, balloons, astronomical phenomena, guided missiles, etc.  In addition a special evaluation of preliminary UFOB reports must be made to determine whether follow-up investigations can reasonably be expected to result in additional reliable and usable data.

3.	Evaluation of Preliminary Reports:

a.	ATIC will furnish the 4602d AISS with "rule of thumb" criteria to be used by the Squadron Headquarters in determining the necessity for

- page 7 -

This page does not contain any photographs. 

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
Hq, 4602d AISS, Ent AFB, Colorado Springs, Colo. subj: Report of Visit of ATIC Representatives

a follow-up, field investigation of a UFOB report. These criteria will cover, among others, the following subjects:

(1) Duration of sighting.

(2) Number of persons reporting the sighting.

(3) Distance from location of sighting to nearest 4602d AISS field unit.

(4) Reliability of person or persons reporting the sighting.

(5) Number of independent sightings reported.

(6) The value of obtaining additional information immediately.

(7) Existence of physical evidence (photographs, material, hardware).

b. It was noted that a single extraordinary circumstance might require follow-up, field investigation even though the general application of the criteria furnished by ATIC indicates that further investigation would probably yield little additional information.

c. In general follow-up field investigation of a preliminary UFOB report will not be warranted when the hypothesis suggested by the preliminary report of the incident cannot be tested by facilities available.

4. Exhaustion of Effort in the Investigation of UFOB's: Effort will be considered as exhaustive when every logical, physical hypothesis suggested by a qualified report of the incident has been tested by the facilities available.

a. Qualified preliminary reports shall be considered to be those which merit further investigation under the criteria set forth in paragraph 3 above.

5. Unsolved Cases: A case shall be considered unsolved after every suggested hypothesis has been tested by available facilities and a large percentage of the data in the report does not correlate with the characteristics of known objects or natural phenomena.
```

- page 8 -

There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

```
Hq, 4602d AISS, Ent AFB, Colorado Springs, Colo. subj: Report of Visit of ATIC Representative

6. The following procedures were agreed upon:

a. In case a UFOB sighting is reported initially by non-Air Force sources in letter form to either ATIC or the 4602d AISS, the file card will be made in duplicate by the recipient, and one copy forwarded to the other agency. This card will indicate that the UFOB was reported by letter and will show the action taken.

b. ATIC will be forwarded a file card indicating the action taken by the 4602d AISS on preliminary reports transmitted to the 4602d by elec- trial means.

c. The results of follow-up field investigations made by the 4602d AISS and reported on AF Form 112 will, in all cases, be sent to ATIC, D/I USAF, and such other agencies as the Commander, 4602d AISS, deems necessary.

d. ATIC may require specific information for aid in analyzing a reported UFOB sighting which can be furnished by a field unit of the 4602d AISS. Provided travel is not involved, ATIC may contact the appro- priate unit directly. In case ATIC desires detailed investigation or action which would necessitate travel, request will be made by ATIC to the Commander, 4602d AISS.

e. File cards reflecting action taken or conclusions reached by ATIC on either a preliminary or follow-up UFOB report will be sent to Commander 4602d AISS under the following circumstances:

(1) When conclusions of ATIC relative to identification of the sighting are at variance with those reached by 4602d AISS.

(2) When additional action is initiated by ATIC following the completion of action by the 4602d AISS.

7. Exchange of information: As a result of the ATIC experience in the field of investigation of UFOB reports, information of a general inter- est was discussed during the visit of ATIC representatives and will be furnished to the 4602d AISS on a continuing basis. Examples of such infor- mation follow:

a. Grid cameras. Information relative to the present distribu- tion of grid cameras and changes in the current distribution.

b. Statistics. Consolidation of statistics reflecting trends,
```

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Text extracted from the document:

```
DIVISION OF RESPONSIBILITY ATIC-ADC

AGREEMENT:

An agreement was concluded in December 1953 between the Air Technical Intelli-
gence Center and Air Defense Command whereby, in the future, the 4602d Air Intelli-
gence Service Squadron will process and make on-the-spot investigations on all
initial UFO reports originating in the ZI. The 4602d AISS is a definite intelligence
activity which is widespread in the field. In some cases, ATIC will join ADC in
field investigations.

UNKNOWNS:

At the conclusion of investigations by 4602d AISS, Air Defense Command will
furnish information to ATIC on all closed (identified) cases and will forward all
material and reports of investigations on the cases which remain as unknowns.

FINAL ANALYSIS:

The ATIC retains the responsibility for final analysis of these unknowns
originating in the ZI, together with all cases from overseas.

AIR FORCE REGULATION 200-2 (NEW):

This program will be formally initiated with the publication of a new AFR 200-2
which is forthcoming.
```

- page 10 -

The document contains a printed page but no photograph is present.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

---

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-W/E4

SUBJECT: UFO Program

TO: AFCIN-4 (Colonel John G. Eriksen)

THRU: AFCIN-4E

1. The Problem Area

a. All of the problems associated with the Air Force’s UFO Program seem centered around the ‘reaction capability’ (reporting and investigation). There is a need to increase the speed of processing reports and of initiating investigations and to improve the quality of both.

2. Discussion

a. The 1006th AISS which, outside of the ATIC, is probably the most logical and qualified organization to perform the investigation function is approximately 33% under T/O strength. The squadron is presently undergoing reorganization in order to perform a new mission of such high priority that consideration is being given to deleting the mission for which the 1006th was originally organized from the new charter. The UFO investigation mission was not included in the original charter and there are no plans to include it in the new one.

b. In order to carry out this new mission, it will be necessary to have more than 50% of the squadron personnel physically located at the squadron headquarters at Ft Belvoir, Va. There are no plans to reduce the number of detachments below the present ten, but to reduce the number of officers and airmen assigned by approximately 50%, therefore limiting still further the personnel available for field investigations.

c. Colonel Goforth of AFCIN-1Al informed Major Friend of AFCIN-4/E4 that if ATIC would provide the personnel the 1006th AISS would be happy to house, feed, and administer them in support of the UFO Program.

3. Suggested Solution

a. Reporting (See Atch Nr. 2)


- page 11 -

This page does not contain any photographs.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

---

**RESTRICTED**

**In reply refer to**

**ATIAA-5**

**SUBJECT:** Briefing of ADC Forces and Divisions on Project Blue Book (Uncl)

**To:**
Commanding General  
Air Defense Command  
ATTN: LCS/I  
Ent Air Force Base  
Colorado Springs, Colorado  

1. During a visit to Headquarters Air Defense Command on 16 October 1952, Capt Edward J. Ruppelt of ATIC discussed with Col Burgess the feasibility of briefing all Air Defense Forces and divisions on Project Blue Book. Since this visit the subject has been given more study and it is believed that such a series of briefings would be highly advantageous. Similar briefings have been given to various Air Force units and have resulted in a better understanding of the objectives and operations of the project and in more efficient, accurate reporting. By presenting such briefings, many insignificant, nebulous reports can be eliminated while the significant reports will be more complete and contain more usable data.

2. The proposed plan for the briefings would be first to present the briefing to Hq ADC, if this is desired. A tour would then be made through each Air Defense Force area, briefing first the Air Division and then the separate Air Divisions. At the division level, selected personnel from each unit subordinate to the division (i.e. ADC squadrons, fighter interceptor squadrons, etc.) would be called in for the briefing; if the division is a tenant organization on the base, persons other than ADC personnel with official interest could be cleared by the division commander and invited to attend. The number of people to be briefed would be limited only by the available space and security. The classification of the briefing will be Secret. The briefing in general will consist of:

a. A brief history of Project Blue Book.  
b. The philosophy of the project.  
c. Methods of quickly gathering data using available facilities at an air base.  
d. How a preliminary analysis of reports can be made in the field.  
e. Preparation of a report for forwarding to ATIC and Hq USAF.  
f. How ATIC processes FLYOBRPTS.  

[Handwritten note] 10/21/52

---

**RESTRICTED**

- page 12 -

There are no photographs on this page.

OCR output of the text from the document:

```
(1) Change AFR 200-2 to spell out in detail the responsibili- 
ties of the base commanders and other organization commanders, and expand 
information required in initial report as spelled out in AFR 200-2. (Copy 
of O-86 which has been sent to AFCIN-X1 requesting these changes is Atch 
Nr. 2) 
(2) AFR 200-2 be made a 'special subject regulation' of air 
inspectors for a period of one year. 
b. Investigations (See Atch Nr. 1) 
(1) The 1006th AISS be made primarily responsible for conducting 
UFO investigations and this function be included in the organization's 
charter. 
(2) The T/O of the 1006th AISS be expanded to man the squadron 
sufficiently to undertake UFO investigation in addition to its other 
missions. It is desirable that the strength of each detachment be 
increased by two, one commissioned officer and one airman. 
(3) One individual in each detachment of the 1006th AISS, a 
commissioned officer preferred, be given special training and made 
specifically responsible for UFO investigation. 
c. Training (See Atch Nr. 3) 
(1) The ATTC to establish and present the training course for 
the individuals selected at each detachment as being responsible for 
the UFO investigation mission. 
4. Suggested Actions 
a. The memorandum to M/General Watson, Subject: "UFO Program
its attachment (Atch Nr. 1) be approved and forwarded. 
b. Approval of the letter (Atch Nr. 3) to AFCIN-Aysi) establishing 
requirement for a training program, pending AFCIN approval of the 1006th 
AISS as primarily responsible for UFO investigations 
VINCFNT R. REHFMAN 
Colonel., USAF 
AFCIN-LA, 
(3 Atch 
Memo to M/Gen Watson 
w/Atch
2. Cy of O-86 to AFCIN-X 
3. Ltr to AFCIN-4;W,'W/Atch
```

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR Output:

**AFCIN-4
UFO Program
ACS/I (Major General Harold E. Watson)

1. As you know, this Center is responsible for performing a complete
analysis and evaluation of all UFO reports in accordance with the
provisions of AFR 200-2, dated 5 Feb 58. This analysis and evaluation,
of necessity, can be no better than the reported information with
which we must work. It has been determined at this Center that the
problems associated with this program are centered around the Air
Force's "reaction capability" (reporting and investigation). There is
a need to increase the speed of processing reports and of initiating
investigations and to improve the quality of both.

2. The reporting problem for the most part can be corrected by changes
to APR 200-2. These changes will effectively spell out in detail the
responsibilities of the base commanders and other organization
commanders, and expand on the information required in the initial
report. It is also contemplated making APR 200-2 a "special subject
regulation" of air inspectors for a period of one year following the
effective date of these changes.

3. APR 200-2 presently spells out the nearest Air Force base
commander as responsible for the investigation of UFO's. As has already
been pointed out this has proved unsatisfactory. The 1006th AISS,
due to its geographical deployment is the most logical organization
to perform the investigative function. It is suggested that AFCIN-4A
be instructed to include the investigation of UFO sightings in the
new charter for the 1006th AISS.

4. The ATIC will make provisions to give special training to at least
one individual from each detachment, preferably a commissioned
officer, who will then become primarily responsible for UFO investigations.
**

- page 14 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR Text Output:
```
5. If responsibility for UFO investigation is delegated to the 1066th
AISB, it will require certain changes to APR 200-2, dated 5 February
1958, to make this directive compatible. Attachment Nr. 1, Subj:
"APR 200-2 (Unidentified Flying Objects)" is a draft of correspondence
to AFCIN-1 outlining the required changes.

6. It is suggested that the attached letter be forwarded to AFCIN-XI
for implementation.

CHARLES B. DOUGHER 
Major General, USAF 
AFCIN-4

1 Atch
Ltr, Subj: "APR 200-2
(Unidentified Flying Objects)
```

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR text:

```
AFR 200-2 (Unidentified Flying Objects)

AFOIN-XI, ATTN:  Major Byrne 

AFCIN-4E 

27 May 1959

4/the./rmi  R. J. Friend/ac/69216/Bldg 263

The following changes and additions to AFR 200-2, dated 5 February 1958, are suggested in an effort to improve the Air Force's reaction capability as it applies to the UFO Program.

a. Par. 3b. Technical and Scientific, changed to read as follows; The Air Force will continue to collect and analyze reports of UFOs until all can be scientifically or technically explained or until such time as it is determined that the full potential of the sightings has been exploited. In performance of this task the following factors should be kept in mind: (sub-pars 3b (1) through (4) will remain unchanged).

b. The word "unknown" as it applies to an unidentified object should be changed to 'unidentified' throughout the regulation.

c. Par. 4e. The following should be added to this paragraph: Investigators will be authorized to make telephone calls directly to the ATIC (AFCIN-4E, Extension 69216) at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio from the investigating area. The purpose of these calls to report high priority findings.

d. Par. 5a. The following should be added to this paragraph: When reporting that a witness is completely familiar with certain aspects of a sighting, his or her specific qualifications should be indicated.

e. The following should be added as Par. 5j; Whenever possible, an indiv-

4FE1093
```

- page 16 -

The document does not contain any photograph. 

Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
dual selected as a UFO sighting investigator should have a scientific
or technical background as well as experience as an investigator.

f. Par. 6e. should be changed to read as follows: All Air
force activities will continue UFO investigations to the extent necessary
for their required reporting action (see Para. 15, 16 and 17). However,
investigations should not be carried beyond this point, unless such
action is directed by Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, head­
quarters, United States Air Force, or if in the opinion of the preparing
officer the magnitude (intelligence significance or public relations)
of the case is such to warrant full scale Investigation. Telephonic
contact should be made with the ATIC (ACIN-4b), Ext. 69612) at Wright-
Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio to obtain verbal authority for continued
investigation. This should be noted in the preliminary report,
(Foreign activities will proceed on their own judgments and so advise
the ATIC in the preliminary message.

g. Eliminate all reference to the Ground Observers Corps
from the regulation.

h. The following should be added as Par. 15e(7), Temperature
Gradient.

i. Par. 15j should be changed to read as follows: location,
approximate altitude and general direction of flight of any air traffic
or balloon releases in the area which could possibly account for the
sighting.

j. Par. 15k should be changed to read as follows: position
title, name, telephone number and comments of the preparing officer,
including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

k. Par. 19, Reporting Physical Evidence. The following should
be added to this paragraph: All physical evidence forwarded to the
ATIC should be marked for the attention of ACIN.:4b:

GORDON C. HOFFMAN
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-4E
```

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

The OCR-transcribed text:

```
REPLY TO
ATTN OF:

SUBJECT: AFR 200-2 (Unidentified Flying Objects)

TO: AFCIN-XX (Major Byrne)

1. The Assistant Chief of Staff/Intelligence has delegated the responsibility for investigating UFO sightings within the ZI to the Commander of the 1006th AISB In lieu of the Air Force base commanders. The following changes and/or additions to AFR 200-2, dated 5 February 1953, are required to make this directive compatible with this change. The referenced paragraphs are from the regulations:

a. Par. 4,a Reporting, should be changed to read: Commanders of Air Force bases will report all information and evidence of UFO sightings, including th that're':eeelved from other services, government agencies, and civilian sources. Reporting action will be in accordance with the applicable paragraphs of this directive (see paragraphs 14 through 17).

b. Par. 4.b Investigation, should be changed to read: The 1006th AISS will be responsible for conducting a complete investigation of an UFO sighting when: (1) the initial report sent by the base commander does not contain sufficient information to allow an analysis, (2) the intelligence significance of the case warrants an investigation, (3) evaluation of the source indicates a very high degree of reliability, (4) the report is direct to the ATIC from a civilian source. The ATIC will contact the Commander of the 1006th by telephone and/or TWX when investigation of a case is desired.

c. Par. 6a should be changed to read: All Air Force activities will conduct tor investigations to the extent necessary for their required reporting action (see paragraphs 15, 16 and 17); however, investigations should not be carried beyond this point.

d. Par. 6e should be changed to read: Direct communication is authorized between the ATIC and other Air Force activities in matters pertaining to UFO's.
```

- page 18 -

This page does not contain any photographs.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
AFCIN-4X

UFO Training Program

AFCIN-4X4

1. A letter has been forwarded to AFCIN requesting that the responsibility
for the investigation of UFO sightings within the ZI be delegated to the
Commander of the 1006th AISS.

2. In an effort to improve on the data gained from these investigations,
one officer or NCO from each detachment is to be given a twenty hour
course of instruction as generally outlined in Attachment 1.

3. It is understood that Mr. Hawes of your office has already discussed
this proposed program with Major Friend of the Air Sciences Division.

4. It is desired that maximum support be given to this program of training
consistent with present capability upon approval of the plan by AFCIN.

WILLIAM E. BOYD
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4X

1 Atch
Outline of Proposed
UFO Tng Program
```

- page 19 -

This page from the document does not contain any photographs.

OCR Text:

```
Reply To
Attn Of: AFCIN-4X

Subject: UFO Training Program
                                                                                                    3 June 1959
To: AFCIN-4X4

1.  The 1006th AISS has been delegated the responsibility for the investigation of UFO sightings.

2.  In an effort to improve on the data gained from these investigations one officer or NCO from each detachment is to be given a twenty hour course of instruction as generally outlined in Inclosure #1 hereto.

3.  It is understood that Mr. Hawes of your office has already discussed this proposed program with Major Friend of the Air Sciences Division.

4.  It is desired that maximum support be given to this program of training consistent with present capability.

WILLIAM E. BOYD
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4X
                                                                                                        1 Atch
                                                                                                        Outline of Proposed
                                                                                                        UFO Training Program
```

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present on this page. 

Here is the OCR output of the text in the document:

```
TRAINING PROGRAM
(UFO INVESTIGATION)
(20 Hours)
1. Introduction 3 Hours
a. Background and History of the UFO Program 1
b. Philosophy 1
c. Public Relations 1
2. Investigation 3 Hours
a. Procedures 
b. Techniques 
3. Interrogation 3 Hours
a. Philosophy 
b. Procedure
c. Techniques 
d. Psychology 
4. Equipment 5 Hours
a. Geiger Counter 2
(1) Purpose
(2) Method of Operation
(3) Operation 
b. Camera
(1) Purpose 1
(2) Operation
c. Compass 45 Minutes
(1) Purpose
(2) Operation
d. Binoculars 15 Minutes
(1) Purpose
(2) Operation
e. Misc. Equipment 1 Hour
5. General Information 3 Hours
a. Astronomy
b. Balloons
c. Satellites
Etc.
6. Reporting 2 Hours
7. Summary 1 Hour
```

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in the document.

OCR Text Output:

```
DRAFT                      DRAFT                      DRAFT
head
Prof
Proj
Oop
Ref


              GUIDE TO IDENTIFICATION
  
    Unidentified Flying Objects

       Purpose  -------------------    1
       Definitions      -------------- 2
       Objective        --------------- 3
       Guidance          --------------- 4
       Identification Criteria - - - - - - - -Inclosure

1. PURPOSE: This publication is designed for the use of Ground Observer Corps personnel and is published to familiarize observers with common phenomena which are sometimes misinterpreted as Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOB's).

2. DEFINITIONS:
a.  Unidentified Flying Object (UFOB) -- Relates to any airborne object which by performance, aerodynamic characteristics, or unusual features does not conform to any presently known aircraft or missile type, or which cannot be positively identified as a familiar object.

b. Familiar Objects -- Include balloons, astronomical bodies, birds, etc.

3. OBJECTIVE: Due to the prolonged observation of the sky during both daylight and night time hours, familiar objects such as meteors, aircraft, balloons, astronomical bodies, searchlights, birds, etc., will be frequently observed by GOC personnel. Due to atmospheric conditions (temperature inversions, dust, clouds, etc.,), reflections, sound (or 
```

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

```
RESTRICTED

ATIC ATIAA Subject: Briefing of ADC Forces and Divisions on Project Blue
Book (Uncl)

3. An attempt would be made to cover one Air Defense Force area per
trip necessitating three trips at the rate of one trip per month starting
in December 1952.

4. The Air Technical Intelligence Center requests your approval and/
or comments concerning this proposed briefing at Air Defense Forces and
divisions.
```

- page 23 -

No photograph is present on this page. Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
3. OBJECTIVE (Contd):

lack of sound), speed, position, etc., common phenomena may sometimes be
misinterpreted as UFOB's. It is highly desirable that all UFO phenomena
be identified or explained. In this respect, the observer requires some
"rule-of-thumb" to assist him in this identification.

The object of this publication is to familiarize the Ground
Observer with the appearance(s} of common objects under one or more of
the circumstances listed above.

4. GUIDANCE: Attached is a list of common phenomena to which
Ground Observers may be exposed during their tours of duty. It is
recommended that you become thoroughly familiar with these criteria, as
they may enable you to identify objects with a greater degree of accuracy.
```

- page 24 -

No photographs are present on the page.

Text:
```
BALLOONS

1. Shape: Round, cigar, pinpoint, or bowling pin.

2. Size: Balloons up to a hundred feet will generally appear from
   pinpoint to size of a pea held at arm length.

3. Color: Silver, white or many tints. It may possibly appear dark
   as when projected against the clouds. Sometimes transparent.

4. Speed: Large scale erratic speed ruled out. In general hovering 
   to slow apparent speed.

5. Formation: Single to cluster.

6. Trail: None.

7. Sound: None

8. Course: Straight with a general gradual ascent, unless falling.

9. Time in Sight: Generally long. Note: Balloon may suddenly burst
   and disappear.

10. Lighting Conditions: Night or day but especially at sunset or
    sunrise.

                            WIND EFFECT: BALLOONS MOVE WITH THE SPEED AND
DIRECTION OF THE PREVAILING WIND IN
           THE AREA AND ATTITUDE. IF BALLOON DETERMINED
      TO BE IN VICINITY WITHOUT REASONABLE DOUBT, AND
CONCURS GENERALLY WITH THE DIRECTION AND SPEED
OF THE OBS REPORTED, THEN, THE PROBABILITY THAT
THE OBJECT WAS A BALLOON IS HIGH.
```

- page 25 -

There are no photographs present on this page. Here is the extracted text:

```
                           AIRCRAFT

1.    Shape: From conventional to circular or elliptical.

2.    Size: Pinpoint to actual.

3.    Color: Silver to bright yellow (night - black or color of lights).
              Jet exhaust yellow to red. Under certain conditions
              aircraft too far distant to be visible to the naked eye,
              will reflect sunlight from wings or fuselage.

4.    Speed: Generally only angular speeds can be observed. This depends
               on distance but small objects crossing major portion of sky
               in less than a minute can be ruled out. Aircraft will not
               cross major portion of sky in less than a minute whereas
               a meteor certainly will.

5.    Formation: Two to twenty. Numbers greater than 20 more likely
                         birds than aircraft.

6.    Trails: May or may not have (vapor and exhaust).

7.    Sound: Zero to loud shrill or low depending on altitude and
                 winds aloft. Under certain conditions, aircraft may be
                 observed at high altitudes, without making any sound.

8.    Course: Steady, straight or gently curving (not erratic - may
                  appear still if approaching head-on). Right angle turns
                  and sudden reversals, abrupt changes in altitude ruled out.

9.    Time in Sight: More than 15 seconds, generally of the order of a
                             minute or two.

10. Lighting Conditions: Night or Day.
```

- page 26 -

The page does not contain any photographs.

OCR text output:
```
NOTEOR
1. Shape: Round to elongated.
2. Size: Pinpoint to size of moon.
3. Color: Flaming yellow with red, green or blue possible.
4. Speed Crosses large portion of sky in few seconds except if coming head-on.
5. Formation: Generally single - can break into shower at end of trajectory. Occasionally (but rare) small groups.
6. Trail: At night almost always a luminous train which can persist as long as a half hour (rarely). Daytime meteors are much less frequently observed. In daytime, leaves a whitish to dark smoke trail.
7. Sound: None
8. Course: Generally streaking downward, but not necessarily sharply downward. Can on rare occasion give impression of slight rise.
9. Time In Sight: Longest reported about 30 seconds, generally less than 10.
10. Lighting Conditions: Day or Night. Mostly night.
11. Other: An exceptionally bright meteor is called a fireball. These
arerare but extremely spectacular and on ocean have been known to light surroundings to the brightness of daylight.
```


- page 27 -

There is no photograph on the provided page of the document.

**OCR Text Output:**

```
STARS OR PLANETS

GENERAL

The planets, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn are generally brighter 
than any star, but they twinkle very much less (unless very close to 
horizon). Stars twinkle a great deal and when near the horizon can give 
impression of flashing light in many colors.

1. Shape: Pinpoint - starlike.
2. Size: Never appreciable.
3. Color: Yellow with rainbow variations.
4. Speed: Stars apparent speeds carry them from east to west in the 
   course of the night but they are often reported as erratic.
   The effect is psychological, most people being unable to 
   consider a point as being stationary. Occasionally tur-
   bulence in the upper atmosphere can cause a star to appear 
   to jump (rare) but somehow twinkling gives the impression of 
   movement to many people.
5. Formation: There are no clusters of very bright stars but faint 
   stars are grouped in their familiar constellations.
   Note: A report of 4 or 5 bright clustering lights would 
   rule out stars.
6. Trail: None.
7. Sound: None.
8. Course: Always describe 24 hoar circle around pole or sky from east 
   to west.
9. Time in Sight: When clear, stars are always visible. Most stars rise 
   or set during the course of the night. Stars low in western
```

- page 28 -

There are no photographs present on this page. 

Here is the OCR transcribed text from the document:

```
sky set within an hour or two. Stars in east, always
go higher in sky. 

10. Lighting Conditions: Night - Twilight.
```

- page 29 -

The document contains no photographs. 

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
DRAFT                                                                DRAFT                                                               DRAFT

SEARCHLIGHTS

1. Shape: Round to elliptical.

2. Size: Pea at arms length to large luminous glow, dependent upon cloud height.

3. Color: White fluorescent.

4. Speed: Stationary to fantastic.

5. Formation: Usually only one but occasionally two or three.

6. Trail: None

7. Sound: None

8. Course: Circling, straight, stationary or erratic. Note:
    Scattered clouds can give impression of object disappearing and reappearing in a different portion of the sky in a few seconds.

9. Time in Sight: Generally long.

10. Lighting Conditions: Night
```

- page 30 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Text found in the document:

```
OPTICAL PHENOMENA

GENERAL

This can cover a multitude of things.

Optical phenomena which have been reported as UFOBs run from reflections on clouds and layers of ice crystals (sundogs) to the many types of mirages.  No one set of optical phenomena can be set down as representation for the whole class.

   There is no limit to the speed of optical phenomena.  Reflections can travel from incredible speed, as in the case of a search-beacon on high clouds to stationary.

1. Shape: Generally round but can be elliptical or linear.
2. Size: Starlike to large luminous glow.
3.  Color: Generally yellow
4.  Speed: Stationary to fantastic.
5.  Formation: Any.
6.  Trail: None.
7.  Sound: None.
8.  Course:  Any.
9.  Time in Sight: Any.
10.  Lighting Conditions: Day and night.
11.  Other: One of the standard types is the "sundog".  In this a large luminous halo is seen around the sun   with one to four images of the sun placed along the halo circle at intervals of 90 degrees.  Another report often has to do with a bright planet or even the moon shining through a light overcast.  Mirages reflections are said to occur frequently when temperature inversions exists in the atmosphere.
```

- page 31 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR Text Output:
```
UFOB GUIDE

This guide is designed for use in determining the feasibility
of follow-up investigation of Unidentified Flying Object reports
and in identifying the objects or phenomena concerned.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO
```

- page 32 -

This page does not contain any photographs.

Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

```
PART I

FOLLOW-UP INVESTIGATIONS

GENERAL

An UFOB report is worthy of follow-up investigation when it con-
tains information to suggest that a positive identification with a well
known phenomenon may be made or when it characterizes an unusual phenomenon.
The report should suggest almost immediately, largely by the coherency and
clarity of the data, that there is something of identification value and/or
scientific value.

In general, reports which should be given consideration are those
which involve several reliable observers, together or separately, and which
concern sightings of greater duration than one quarter minute. Exception
should be made to this when circumstances attending the reports are con-
sidered to be extraordinary.

Special attention should be given to reports which give promise of a
"fix" on the position and to those reports involving unusual trajectories.

RULES OF THUMB

Every UFOB case should be judged individually but there are a number
of "rules of thumb," under each of the following headings, which should
prove helpful in determining the necessity for follow-up investigation.

1. Duration of Sighting
When the duration of a sighting is less than 15 seconds, the
probabilities are great that it is not worthy of follow-up. As a word
of caution, however, should a large number of individual observers concur
```

- page 33 -

There is no photograph present on this document page.

Here is the OCR-produced text from the document:

```
HEADQUARTERS
AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
ENT AIR FORCE BASE
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO

9 January 1953

Air Technical Intelligence Center
ATTN: Col. Ray McDuffee,
Chief, Technical Analysis Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Ray:

In thinking over our telephone conversation, I am not certain
whether you said Capt. Ruppelt would be here on the 23rd or 24th
of January. I seem to recall that you have him scheduled for
arrival 0930 hours on the 24th. We have the conference scheduled
for 0815 local time. It is obvious that Ruppelt would need to
arrive the day before. It will be most convenient for us if he
could arrive at about 0930 on the 23rd and spend a full day in the
office before his presentation Saturday morning. In any case,
please bear in mind the 0815 time on Saturday 24 January.

Regards,

(Signed)
C A MILLER
Colonel USAF
```

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

#### OCR Output:
```
on an unusual sighting of a few seconds duration, it should not be
dismissed.
When a sighting has covered just a few seconds, the incident,
when followed-up in the past, has almost always proved to be a meteor or
a gross mis-identification of a common object owing to lack of time in
which to observe.
2. Number of Persons Reporting the Sighting
Short duration sightings by single individuals are seldom worthy
of follow-up.
Two or three competent independent observations carry the weight
of 10 or more simultaneous individual observations. As an example, 25
people at one spot may observe a strange light in the sky. This,
however, has less weight than two reliable people observing the same
light from different locations. In the latter case a position-fix is
indicated.
3. Distance from Location of Sighting to Nearest Field Unit
Reports which meet the preliminary criterion stated above should
all be investigated if their occurrence is in the immediate operating
vicinity of the squadron concerned.
For reports involving greater distances, follow-up necessity
might be judged as being inversely proportional to the square of the
distances concerned. For example, an occurrence 150 miles away might
be considered to have four times the importance (other things being equal)
than one that is 300 miles away.
```

- page 35 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a text document page from an old UFO report.

Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
4. Reliability of Person or Persons Reporting

In establishing the necessity of follow-up investigation only
"short term" reliability of individuals can be employed. Short term
reliability is judged from the logic and coherency of the original report
and by the age and occupation of the person. Particular attention should
be given to whether the occupation involves observation reporting or
technical knowledge.

5. Number of Individual Sightings Reported

Two completely individual sightings, especially when separated
by a mile or more constitutes sufficient cause for follow-up, assuming
previous criterion have not been violated.

6. The Value of Obtaining Additional Information Immediately

If the information cannot be obtained within seven days, the value
of such information is greatly decreased.

It is of great value to obtain additional information immediately
if previously stated criteria have been met. Often, if gathered quickly,
two or three items (weather conditions, angular speed, changes in tra-
jectory, duration, etc.) are sufficient for immediate evaluation.

If investigation is undertaken after weeks or months the original
observers cease to be of value as far as additional new information is con-
cerned. Generally, late interrogation yields only bare repetition of
facts originally reported plus an inability on the part of the observer
to be objective.

7. Existence of Physical Evidence (Photographs, Material, Hardware)
In cases where any physical evidence exists, a follow-up should
```

- page 36 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

---

be made even if some of the above criteria have not been met.

CONCLUSION - Part I
It is understood that all above criteria must be evaluated in terms
of "common sense." The original report, from its wording and clarity will
almost always suggest to the reader whether there is any "paydirt" in the
report.

- page 37 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR Text Output:

---

PART II

IDENTIFICATION CRITERIA

GENERAL
When an UFO report meets, in large measure, the criteria projected in Part I and a follow-up investigation is instituted, then the interrogator should ask what physical object or objects might have served as the original stimulus for the report. The word “object” here includes optical phenomena such as reflections from clouds, sundogs, etc.

Frequently one or perhaps two solutions will be immediately suggested by the nature of the report. The word “solution” cannot be used here in the scientific sense. A solution in UFOB work means that a hypothesis has been arrived at which appears to have the greatest probability of having given rise to the given report.

Following is a group of hypotheses or examples which should prove helpful in arriving at solutions. A check should be made to see how many of the items are satisfied by the report and how many are missing. An effort should be made to obtain any missing items as soon as possible.

Each typical hypothesis is listed on a separate page.

5

- page 38 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

**Text extracted:**

```
AIRCRAFT

1. Shape: From conventional to circular or elliptical.
2. Size: Pinpoint to actual.
3. Color: Silver to bright yellow (night - black or color of lights).
4. Speed: Generally only angular speeds can be observed. This depends
   on distance but small objects crossing major portion of
   sky in less than a minute can be ruled out. Aircraft will
   not cross major portion of sky in less than a minute whereas
   a meteor certainly will.

5. Formation: Two to twenty. Numbers greater than 20 more likely
   birds than aircraft.

6. Trails: May or may not have (vapor and exhaust).

7. Sound: Zero to loud shrill or low depending on altitude.

8. Course: Steady, straight or gently curving (not erratic - may
   appear still if approaching head-on). Right angle turns
   and sudden reversals, changes in altitude ruled out. Note:
   Although report may indicate erratic course, if other items
   check, follow-up should proceed on basis of aircraft be-
   cause of psychological tendencies of excited people to
   exaggerate course changes.

9. Time In Sight: More than 15 seconds, generally of the order of a
   minute or two.

10. Lighting Conditions: Night or Day.

11. Radar: Should show normal aircraft returns.
```

- page 39 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

```
BALLOONS

1. Shape: Round to cigar or pinpoint.
2. Size: Balloons up to a hundred feet will generally appear from 
   pinpoint to size of a pea held at armlength.
3. Color: Silver, white or many tints. It may possibly appear dark 
   as when projected against the clouds.
4. Speed: Large scale erratic speed ruled out. In general hovering
   to slow apparent speed.
5. Formation: Single to cluster.
6. Trail: None.
7. Sound: None.
8. Course: Straight with a general gradual ascent, unless failing.
9. Time In Sight: Generally long. Note: Balloon may suddenly burst
   and disappear.
10. Lighting Conditions: Night or day but especially at sunset.
11. Radar: No return except when carrying sonde equipment.

7
```

- page 40 -

The page you provided does not contain any photographs. Below is the OCR transcription of the text present on the page:

```
METEOR

1. Shape: Round to elongated.

2. Size: Pinpoint to size of moon.

3. Color: Flaming yellow with red, green or blue possible.

4. Speed: Crosses large portion of sky in few seconds except if 
    coming head-on.

5. Formation: Generally single - can break into shower at end of
    trajectory. Occasionally (but rare) small groups.

6. Trail: At night almost always a luminous train which can persist
    as long as a half hour (rarely). Daytime meteors are much
    less frequently observed. In daytime, leaves a whitish to
    dark smoke trail.

7. Sound: None, although occasionally reported (believed psychological).

8. Course: Generally streaking downward, but not necessarily sharply
    downward. Can on rare occasion give impression of slight
    rise.

9. Time In Sight: Longest reported about 30 seconds, generally less 
    than 10.

10. Lighting Conditions: Day or Night. Mostly night.

11. Radar: Return from meteor itself is highly improbable, however, the
    train left by a meteor, is a good radar reflector.

12. Other: An exceptionally bright meteor is called a fireball. These
    are rare but extremely spectacular and on occasion have been
    known to light surroundings to the brightness of daylight.

                                                8
```

- page 41 -

This page does not contain a photograph.

Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

```
STARS OR PLANETS

GENERAL

The planets, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn are generally brighter 
than any star, but they twinkle very much less (unless very close to horizon). 
Stars twinkle a great deal and when near the horizon can give impression 
of flashing light in many colors.
1. Shape: Pinpoint - starlike.
2. Size: Never appreciable.
3. Color: Yellow with rainbow variations.
4. Speed: Stars apparent speeds carry them from east to west in the 
course of the night but they are often reported as erratic.
The effect is psychological, most people being unable to 
consider a point as being stationary. Occasionally tur-
bulence in the upper atmosphere can cause a star to appear 
to jump (rare) but somehow twinkling gives the impression of 
movement to many people. Note: Just because the report says 
the light moves does not rule out the possibility of it being 
a star unless motion is from one part of sky to another in 
relatively short time.
5. Formation; There are no clusters of very bright stars but faint 
stars are grouped in their familiar constellations.
Note: A report of 4 or 5 bright clustering lights would 
rule out stars.
6. Trail: None.
```

- page 42 -

This page does not contain any photographs. 

Here is the transcribed text:

```
7. Sound: None.

8. Course: Always describe 24 hour circle around pole of sky from 
   east to west.

9. Time In Sight: When clear, stars are always visible. Most stars
   rise or set during the course of the night. Stars low in 
   western sky set within an hour or two. Stars in east, always 
   go higher in sky.

10. Lighting Condition: Night - Twilight.

11. Radar: None.

10
```

- page 43 -

The document page you provided does not contain any photographs.

---

Here is the OCR transcription of the text from the document:

---

OPTICAL PHENOMENA

GENERAL

This can cover a multitude of things. Original scanning of the report should be made to attempt to determine whether it more likely describes a material object or an optical phenomenon.

Optical phenomena which have been reported as UFOBs run from reflections on clouds and layers of ice crystals (sundogs) to the many types of mirages. No one set of optical phenomena can be set down as representation for the whole class.

There is no limit to the speed of optical phenomena. Reflections can travel from incredible speed, as in the case of a search-beacon on high clouds, to stationary.

These cases if well reported will almost always warrant follow-up. Their variety and connection with upper atmospheric conditions make these observations especially valuable scientifically.

1. Shape: Generally round but can be elliptical or linear.
2. Size: Starlike to large luminous glow.
3. Color: Generally yellow.
4. Speed: Stationary to fantastic.
5. Formation: Any.
6. Trail: None.
7. Sound: None.
8. Course: Any.
9. Time In Sight: Any.

---

[End of transcription]

- page 44 -

No photograph is present in the document.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
                                      COPY


In reply refer to 
AFOIN-ATIA

                                                      Colonel McDuffee/66310/ bls

SUBJECT:  Briefing on Aerial Phenomena to be Given by Captain E. J. 
         Ruppelt at Hq ADC, 24 January 1953


To:     Commanding General, Air Defense Command
        Ent Air Force Base
        ATTN: Major Vernon L. Sadowski
                  Intelligence Division
                  Colorado


        1. Reference telephone call from Major Vernon L. Sadowski at 1200
hours, 7 January 1953.


        2. Captain E. J. Ruppelt will be at Hq Air Defense Command, Ent 
Air Force Base, Colorado, on or before 0900, 24 January 1953, to present
a one hour briefing at Officers Call. His estimated time of arrival
and mode of travel will be furnished later.
```

- page 45 -

There are no photographs present in this document page.

### OCR Output:
```
10. Lighting Conditions: Day and night.

11. Radar: No return. In special cases radar response will
occasionally have to do with unusual clouds, and meteorological
phenomena such as described in Minnsart's book "Light and
and Color in the Open Air."

12. Other: One of the standard types is the "sundog." In this a large
luminous halo is seen around the sun with one to four
images of the sun placed along the halo circle at intervals
of 90 degrees. Another report often has to do with a bright
planet or even the moon shining through a light overcast.
Mirages reflections are said to occur frequently when
temperature inversions exists in the atmosphere. If an
optical phenomena is suspected, routine check of the
meteorological records should be made to establish whether
such inversions existed.

12
```

- page 46 -

This page contains a photograph of a map of the United States, showing the location of various field units for the 4602D AISS.

Below is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

```
LOCATION OF FIELD UNITS
 4602D AISS

                      FLIGHT 1-A
                      MC CHORD AFB

                      FLIGHT 1-D
                      MALMSTROM AFB

DETACHMENT 1                                          FLIGHT 1-C
                  HAMILTON AFB                NORTON AFB

                                                                        FLIGHT 1-B
                                                                        KIRTLAND AFB

                                                                                                                            FLIGHT 2-U
                                                                                                                            TINKER AFB

                                                                                                                FLIGHT 2-G
                                                                                                                DOBBINS AFB

                                                                                                                FLIGHT 3-J
                                                                                                                PRESQUE
                                                                                                                ISLE AFB

                                                                  FLIGHT 3-E
                                                                  ETHANALLENAFB

                                                                          DETACHMENT 3
                                                                          STEWART AFB

                                                                      FLIGHT 3-C
                                                                      SELFRIDGE AFB

                                                                                                            FLIGHT 3-H
                                                                                                            GR PITTSBURGH ARPT

                                                                             FLIGHT 3-A
                                                                             O'HARE IN'L ARPT

                                                                                                                                                 DETACHMENT
                                                                                                                                              GRANDVIEW AFB

                                                                  FLIGHT 3-D
                                                                  ANDREWS AFB

                                                                                  FLIGHT 3-B
                                                                                  WRIGHT-PATTERSON

                                                                                                      FLIGHT 2-H
                                                                                                      MC GHEE - TYSON ARPT

                                                                                         FLIGHT 3-K

                                                                                      DETACHMENT 2
                                                                                    SNELLING AF
                      HEADQUARTERS
                     4602D

                       HQS FLIGHT
                       ENT AFB


LEGEND

HEADQUARTERS
4602 AISS
DETACHMENTS
FLIGHTS
```

- page 47 -

The document contains a map of the United States with various Air Force Bases (AFB) and Detachment (DET) locations marked.

Here is the text as extracted from the image:

DET 5
GEIGER FIELD, WASH.

DET 1
HAMILTON AFB, CAL.

DET 6
ENT AFB, COLO.

DET 2
GRANDVIEW AFB, MO.

DET 6
W-P AFB, OHIO

4602 ABR.SQMSH
DET 3
STEWARD AFB, NY

DET 4
ETHAN ALLEN AFB, VT.

DET 7
ANDREWS AFB, MD.

DET 7
NORTON AFB, CAL.

DET 3
SNELLING AFB, MIN.

GULF OF MEXICO

- page 48 -

There is no photograph present in this document. 

OCR Text Output:

```
ATIC ATIAE-5 Subject: (Uncl) Utilization of 4602nd AISS Personnel in
Project Blue Book Field Investigations

3. Project Blue Book is acquainted with the physical location of
all 4602nd AISS units and will use discretion in requesting investiga-
tions where long distance travel is required.

4. If this proposed plan is concurred with, Project Blue Book
will provide 4602nd AISS personnel with guidance material for investi-
gations reports of Unidentified Flying Objects.

5. Concurrence and/or comments on the plan proposed in paragraph 2
are requested.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL
[Signature]
ROBERT C. BROWN
Major, USAF
Air Adj. Gen.

ADDRE 319.1 (5 Mar 53) 1st Ind

HQ AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, Ent AFB, Colorado Springs, Colorado 

TO: Commanding General, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-
Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio

This headquarters concurs with plan as proposed in paragraph 2
of basic letter.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:
[Signature]
JOSEPH D. HORNSBY
Lt Col,
Ass’t Adj Gen, USAF

10512
```

- page 49 -

There is no photograph present on the page.

Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
wea
1005TH AIR INTELLIGENCE SERVICE SQUADRON 
United States Air Force Ent Air Force Base, Colorado

SUB0:7: Processing of Reports of Unidentified Flying Object Sightings
Commander Air Defense Command ATTN: ADDNI Ent Air Force Base, Colorado

AGOP 
TO: Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence Headquarters, USAF [ATI: AFTN] Washington 25, D. C.

The following discussion and recommendations on the Air Force UFO Program and the 1005th AISS participation therein, are submitted for your consideration.

2. OBJECTIV5: To eliminate duplication of effort which currently exists in processing reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOB) sightings

3. CURRENT PROCEDURE 

a. Air Defense Command. When a report of a UFOB sighting is received at Air Defense Command, it is routed directly to the 1005th AISS for processing. Other than guiding correspondence prepared by the 1005th AISS relating to UFOB matters, Air Defense Command assumes no further responsibility for processing UFOB reports.

b. The 1005th AISS., Upon receipt of a UFOB report, the1005th AISS logs the report, completes a UFOB Index Card (referenceI Enclosure 1) and forwards a copy of the completed Index Card to ATIG. If the report indicates a need for investigation, the legal detachment of the 1005th AISS or squadron headquarters conducts the investigation and the results are forwarded to ATIG, Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, and other interested agencies. (The investigative activitiesof the 1005th AISS have heen curtailed through lack of funds. The above description of procedures of the 1005th AISS are based on availability of funds. However, investigations which can be conducted with the unit involved are always carried out.)

e. Air Technical Intelligence Center. Upon receipt of a UFOB report, an index card, practically identical to Enclosure 1, is prepared. If insufficient information exists on the initial report or if certain aspects of the sighting indicate a need for investi gation, a request is made to Commander, 1006th AISS, through the
```

- page 50 -

There is no photograph present in the provided document page. 

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
AISOE, 1006th AISS, 8 Oct 57, Subj: Processing of Reports of Unidenti- 
fied Flying Object Sightings

Commander, Air Defense Command, for the investigations. Since ATIC 
bas sources of information other than the 1006th AISS, ATIC actually 
requires fewer investigations than the 1006th AISS normally conducts.

3. DISCUSSION: The procedures as outlined in paragraphs 3b 
and 3c above were a duplication of effort by ATIC and the 1006th AISS. 
As has been shown above, the UFOB Index Card (Inclosure 1) is in use 
both by ATIC and this organization. Ordinarily, if the analysis 
of the 1006th AISS disagrees with that of ATIC, the analysts at ATIC 
will accept their own analysis. Furthermore, any investigation that 
is conducted without a requirement by ATIC is a waste of time and 
effort. Thirdly, disseminating the time spent by headquarters' personnel 
of the 1006th AISS in processing the UFOB reports throughout the 
detachments, is a big full time job for one man to process the UFOB 
reports for the entire organization. In addition, secretarial 
and executive personnel normally necessary for administrative functions 
are required to spend time on the squadron UFOB program.

4. RECOMMENDATIONS:

a. It is recommended that the 1006th AISS be relieved of 
the responsibility for routine processing of the written UFOB reports 
written UFOB reports (all reports submitted in other than message 
form) received by Air Defense Command would be forwarded directly 
to ATIC. ATIC would request such investigations as desired, giving 
necessary details of the sightings in the requests. This organization 
would then conduct the investigation and report the results in 
accordance with current procedures.

b. The above recommendations could be carried out by 
administrative agreement. No change in existing regulations is 
necessary.

1 Incl
UFOB Index Card

Copy furnished: 
Comdr, ATIC

JOHN W. MEADOR 
Colonel, USAF 
Commander
```

- page 51 -

There is no photograph present on the page.

OCR output:
```
HEADQUARTERS
4602d AIR INTELLIGENCE SERVICE SQUADRON (ADC)
ENT AIR FORCE BASE
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO

AISOP                                                                                                        23 November 1954

SUBJECT:  Report of Visit of ATIC Representatives

TO:             Commander
                    Air Technical Intelligence Center
                    ATTN:  ATIAE-5
                    Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
                    Dayton, Ohio


        1.  On 17 and 18 November 1954, the Commander, 4602d AISS and
his staff met with Captain Charles Hardin, ATIC, and Doctor Allan
Hynek, USAF Contract Astronomer, for the purpose of discussing ATIC-
4602d relationships in the investigation and processing of
Unidentified Flying Object reports.  During the course of the conference
general information was exchanged relative to the UFOB program, procedures
were developed relative to the handling of UFOB reports and the criteria
for evaluation of reports and conducting investigations were discussed.

        2.  The evaluation of all UFOB reports as well as the lines of 
inquiry or investigations, will be governed by the application of certain 
hypotheses to the data available.  In the majority of cases, provided the 
information concerning the sightings is sufficiently complete, the data 
will suggest that the sighting was probably some known object or natural 
phenomena.  For example, the data available might suggest to the investigator 
the hypothesis that the sighting was an aircraft. A check list will then 
be applied to the data using the hypothesis that the sighting was an air-
craft.  The check list will contain those items which, in combination, char-
acterize aircraft from other possible objects or phenomena.  For example, 
if the object was an aircraft, then there should have been noise, there 
should have been radar observation in certain areas, etc.  The application 
of these check lists will suggest the lines of follow-up investigation in 
the event the data is insufficient to satisfy the elements of proof neces-
sary for identification.  ATIC will furnish the 4602d AISS with the check 
lists referred to above which will assist in the identification of UFOB's, 
and will cover, for example, aircraft, balloons, astronomical phenomena, 
guided missiles, etc.  In addition a special evaluation of preliminary UFOB 
reports must be made to determine whether follow-up investigations can 
reasonably be expected to result in additional reliable and usable data.

        3.  Evaluation of Preliminary Reports:

                a.  ATIC will furnish the 4602d AISS with "rule of thumb" criteria
to be used by the Squadron Headquarters in determining the necessity for
```

- page 52 -

