Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
1700 Local
16 Dec 53 17/0100Z

2. LOCATION
Agoura, Calif

3. SOURCE
civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5-7 mins

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
ground & air visual

7. COURSE
stationary

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
□ No

10. CONCLUSION
OTHER: CLOUD
Lenticular Cloud.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
First appeared as black stationary cloud, then rapid movement in long shallow climb.

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
California Division
INTERDEPARTMENTAL COMMUNICATION

Date: January 11, 1954

To:
From: Dept. 72-85   Plant A-1   Ext. 8-2189

Subject: FLYING SAUCERS

This is an account of my experience of witnessing the presence of an object in the sky. I was flying in the Lockheed W-2 airplane with No. plus other members of the Flight Test Group. The three individuals mentioned and I were in the pilot's compartment of the airplane, at approximately 5:50 p.m. on the night of Wednesday, December 15, 1953.

While flying off the coast in the vicinity of Santa Monica, I am an object appeared, suddenly and still, to be a bright object. We were flying at 15,000 ft., and to the best of my judgment the object was at the same altitude. The object appeared as a thin black line, giving a place to a bright background. The background was bright due to the fact that the sun was just setting. The object appeared not to move while we progressed with our task. For a few more minutes, turned the object toward the object and not apparently change our distance sufficiently to set any change of impression. I estimate that the object was moving in our eight for about ten minutes. Thereafter, it seemed accelerated due a line, in the order of 10 seconds, disappeared from view.

The following day it was revealed that had seen the identical object while standing on the ground at his ranch. This coincidence is interesting. The difference in his positions, both horizontally and vertically appears to eliminate the possibility that it was a cloud phenomenon. The similarity of the explanations of the shape and actions of the object is remarkable. However, the blackness made it impossible to discern anything but the basic outline.

Chief Aerodynamics Engineer


- page 2 -

LOCKHEED AIRCRAFT CORPORATION
CALIFORNIA DIVISION
A. B. T. O.

To:                                                                 January 21, 1954
CO: Intra-Flight Test Files

From:                                                                 72625        B-6      8-6300
Subj: FLYING SAUCERS

On December 16, 1953, I was aboard WV-2 airplane, LAC 4301, with                     as pilot,                     as co-pilot,                     as Flight
Engineer.                     was also in the cockpit.

At about 6:00 PM we were over the Catalina channel area (western Aviation
and Palos Verdes hills) at 15,000-16,000 ft., on top of a scattered to
broken overcast. The horizon was well defined by the rays of the setting
sun, and the sky above the overcast was clear.

Our attention was drawn to what looked like a large airplane off to the
right. We were roughly paralleling the coast at the time, and Roy, I
think, mentioned, "Looks like a flying saucer". We have talked Roy a good
deal about flying saucers since the night about two years ago when he
and Bob Laird were in 1953 and sighted some lights over Catalina. These
lights reportedly stood still for a while and moved over the island and finally disappeared.

I was standing between the pilots and observed the object out of the co-
pilot's window in 4501.                     attention was also drawn to the
object. Roy, who was flying at the time, turned around and headed
toward the object. During this time, we could not definitely, although
we did not appear to overtake it at all. My first thought was that it
was a large airplane, possibly a C-124, but after looking more closely,
it seemed to look more like a large object which was hanging with a cushion
thickness in the middle tapering toward either side. I could not distinguish
front or rear on the object. It seemed to be somewhat above us and to
the west, over the water, possibly in the vicinity of Santa Barbara Islands.

After looking at the object off and on for about five minutes, it became
apparent that we were moving away from it and in just a minute or two it
completely disappeared. As it was disappearing I looked at it off and on
and gradually I could not see it at all. Roy watched it continuously and
could see it better. I had lost sight of it. As it actually disappeared
timewise I believe. It disappeared in a generally westward direction
(toward the setting sun).

I have been interested in flying saucers, particularly over since one evening
during the 10th Christmas holidays. I was putting up a TV antenna on my
roof when I looked up toward the north over the hills behind our house
over a large circular object, apparently stationary. The time of day was
about dusk and I watched the object for several minutes and could locate
and a neighbor,                     also looked at it. I continued watching
my TV antenna, glancing at the object now and then, with some and more


- page 3 -

FLYING SAUCERS.

There is a small airstrip at Glenn Rock, and I have visited the group of people there who have devoted their life to flying saucers. They have many photographs and books on the subject, and significantly can and sleep saucers.

Supervisor - Flight Test

I have marked on attached map my estimate of our position when we saw the "Saucer" and my estimate of the position of the saucer.


- page 4 -

15 February 1954

Colonel George L. Wertenbaker
Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Colonel Wertenbaker:

I am enclosing a report, prepared by [redacted] Chief Engineer of Lockheed Aircraft Corporation and some of his associates, regarding a "flying saucer" incident. This report was handed to me by Lockheed personnel with the explanation that it was not, in the first place, to be forwarded to you because of his collar that those who profess to have seen flying saucers are not usually considered to be logical and practical hard-headed engineers. However, I thought you should have the report for whatever value it may be in your overall studies.

Best regards.

Sincerely yours,
D. L. PUTT
Lieutenant General, USAF
Commander

1 Incl:
Report


- page 5 -

SIGHTING OF A FLYING SAUCER

BY CERTAIN LOCKHEED AIRCRAFT CORPORATION PERSONNEL

ON 16 DECEMBER 1953


- page 6 -

January 20, 1954
LAC/149336

Subject:   Sighting of Flying Saucer by Certain Lockheed Aircraft Corporation Personnel

To:        Commander
           Air Technical Intelligence Center
           Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Through:   AFPTR

Enclosure: (a) Four copies each of reports by _______ 
           _______ on the Sighting of a Flying
           Saucer on 16 December 1953

1.         The enclosure is made up of a number of reports concerning the sighting of a so-called "flying saucer" on 16 December 1953. The reports are self-explanatory. Only one copy of the reports is attached, indicating generally what was seen. This information has not been released to the press, but is submitted for such scientific purposes as your group may be concerned with.

2.         Your comments on the sightings reported will be very much appreciated.

LOCKHEED AIRCRAFT CORPORATION
CALIFORNIA DIVISION

                                    Chief Engineer

CLivens


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

CALIFORNIA DIVISION
LOCKHEED AIRCRAFT CORPORATION

December 18, 1953

To: Air Force Investigating Group on Flying Saucers

On Wednesday, December 16th, 1953, my wife and I went out to our ranch, which is three miles west of Agoura, California, and one mile north of Ventura Blvd. We arrived there at about sundown, which is close to 4:45 P.M. PST. We went immediately to our ranch house, which is located on a hill facing southwest.

At approximately 5 o'clock (within two minutes accuracy), I was looking at the sunset through a large plate-glass window, when I noticed above a mountain to the west what I first thought to be a black cloud. The sun had gone down and the whole western sky was gold and red, with several thin layers of clouds in the sky. At fairly high altitude, I wondered why this one object was so dark, considering that the sun was behind it. I immediately thought that some atmospheric haze or smoke trail; so I studied the object closely. It was apparent, after a few seconds of consideration, that the outline of this object did not change. I thinking it was a lenticular cloud, I continued to study it, but it did not move all three minutes. I do not know how long it was there before my attention was called to it.

When it did not move or disintegrate, I asked my wife to get me our eight-power binoculars, so I would not have to take my eyes off the object, which by any chance might be a meteor. As soon as I was given the glasses, I ran outside and started to focus the glasses on the object, which now was moving fast on a heading between 240° and 250°. When I got the glasses focused on the object, it was already moving behind the first layer of haze. I gathered its speed was very high, because of the rate of fore-shortening of its major axis. The object, even in the glasses, appeared black and distinct, but I could make out no detail, as I was looking toward the setting sun, which was, of course, below the horizon at this time.

In 90 seconds from the time it started to move, the object had completely disappeared, in a long shallow climb on the heading noted. The clouds were completely opaque, in a direction of travel parallel to that of the object. The time in which my wife and I studied this object was between 5:00 and 5:05. The object, which had hovered stationary for at least three minutes, appeared to be a very large but, not knowing its distance from me, I could not estimate its dimensions. At all times the object appeared as an ellipse, with a direct ratio of the larger axis to the minor axis of about 7 to 10. I estimated the position of the object to be roughly over Point Mugu, which lies on a bearing about 265° from my ranch.

On the morning of December 17th, I returned to work, having been absent for about a week, and Mr. [redacted], Assistant Chief Engineer, and Mr. [redacted]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Recd. 12 - 7/1 & 10:11

SAUCER SEEN DEC 16, 1953

DIRECTION OF MOTION

DARK BLUE

LIGHT BLUE FLAME
OR EMANATION

FLAME OR EMANATION - SEEN ABOUT NOV. 1953

The document contains two hand-drawn diagrams: one of a saucer-like shape seen from above, and another of a flame or emanation with color annotations.


- page 9 -

FLYING SAUCER?

12-07-53

On Wednesday, December 16, 1953, I participated in a test flight of a Navy Oiler Constellation WV-2, taking off at 4:29 p.m. The flight crew consisted of: [redacted] pilot, myself, co-pilot, [redacted] flight engineer. We climbed out towards the ocean and leveled off at 10,000 feet for a short test. After completing this test, I turned the Constellation towards the west, climbing at 20,000 feet. I climbed through a very thin, scattered overcast, somewhere around 14,000 feet, avoided a couple of small clouds, and continued to climb towards 20,000 feet.

Somewhere between 15,000 and 20,000 feet, said to me, "Look out, there's a flying saucer." I looked out the windshield towards the sky and pointing out some sort of an object at approximately the altitude that we were flying. I made a slight turn heading right towards this object, expecting to maybe 1/4 to 1/2 a point look at it. I remained in the heading for roughly five minutes, looking at the object all the time.

[redacted] and myself viewed this thing for at least five minutes, discussing what we thought it might be. First impression was that it was a small cloud. After studying it for several minutes, though, I deduced that it was not a cloud because at 1/4 mile distance it appeared sharp and its appearance moved constantly. It looked to me like I was flying right directly towards it, and we were at the same elevation as a very large flying wing airplane. I would estimate at this time that I was somewhere between 17,000 and 18,000 feet.

Although the object appeared to be absolutely stationary, we did not seem to be closing the gap between us and this object, even though we were flying at a true airspeed of about 250 knots. This was somewhat puzzling, and my attention was diverted from it for a minute or so, but [redacted] mentioned that the object was disappearing. In probably an elapsed time of somewhere around a minute, this object had vanished from sight, then disappeared. Its direction was almost due west. At the time, the sun had gone below the horizon but the sky was very red, and this object had been silhouetted perfectly against this red background. The atmosphere was extremely clear. When I first sighted the object, I guessed that it was probably seven miles away. However, looking at it in retrospect, the object must have been considerably larger than I had estimated and, hence, the distance was probably much greater than I had also estimated.

Looking back at the flight record taken on this flight, it was recorded that we leveled off at 20,000 feet at 5:10. Inasmuch as we had sighted this object when we were somewhere between 16,000 and 18,000 feet, our view of the object was roughly 5 o'clock. We continued with our test flight, thinking no more of this observation, and landed after 6 o'clock. We discussed other details of the flight and then went home. When I got home, I drew a little sketch of what it looked like to me.


- page 10 -

Flying Saucer?                                                     12-15-53

This morning, I reported to work and went directly to see [redacted]
Chief Engineer, to give him a report on activities occurring in the last few
days. Inasmuch as he had just returned from a trip, in attendance at this
meeting was also Mr. [redacted] from a technical discussion. A number
of things and, in the course of the conversation, I discussed the flight made
Friday on this NY-2. Upon completion of the technical discussion, I casually
asked [redacted] how it was riding which he had been chasing in an airplane
that night. [redacted] snapped this up immediately, and said that he knew exactly
where it was and where and with no further ado, he said at its at 5:05
p.m. the object was sighted off Point Mugu. This naturally decided me to
because the location of the object that I sighted was off of Point Mugu. I
then estimated that it was somewhere between Point Mugu and the Santa Barbara
Islands. Incidentally, at the time I had sighted it, we were flying over the
ocean just off of Long Beach.

Then walked that last night at about 5:05 p.m. he had seen an object
in the western sky and had gotten his binoculars and looked at it in detail.
He described it as a wing with an aspect ratio of approximately 3:1. He said
that 14 persons at Stanford, for several miles, and then heading directly west,
it disappeared in one to two minutes, as I recollect his conversation. This
story jives exactly with what we saw in flight at the same time.

I might mention that I have been very skeptical of flying saucer stories, and
have never gone through seeing an object in the sky that I was not able to
identify. This thread of my watching 14 persons at Stanford, and the place who
have been flying for many years on experimental test work, and are trained to
make accurate observations. Fairly also may add a lot of experience in flight
test work, and has been flying for many years and is a long a very trained observer. The fact that what he said and what he saw appears to be identical, and
the time and place identical, leads me to believe that it was not exactly an
illusion that I observed.

                                                            Chief Flight Test Engineer

RLTW


- page 11 -

January 14, 1954

FLYING SAUCER

On Wednesday, December 30th I made a test flight in Constellation 4380. The crew in the cockpit consisted of myself as pilot, flight engineer and co-pilot.

I took off late in the afternoon and was some 35,000 feet in the air to 10,000 feet and then made a level run for a few minutes.

I then started to climb to 20,000 feet and turned the aircraft and continued in the vicinity of Long Beach or Santa Ana between 15,000 and 20,000 feet in mile 10 mile wide area. The air was very clear and the light was well over cast. I noticed a cloud 12 or 13 miles off to the north of Santa Cruz.

After watching it for a few minutes to isolated to make out any details other than the shape of it, I could not make out any details other than the shape of it. I could not establish the distance from us to be at least 15 to 20 miles and possibly some further.

No flow directly toward it for about five minutes and our relative position and our speed, our heading, our altitude were still climbing or whether we had leveled off during this time.

While flying the airplane, I had nothing else to do but to watch the object. After about five minutes I suddenly realized it was moving away from us heading straight west. In the space of about one minute to grow smaller and finally disappear.

I might add that I have had considerable experience while doing testing at 17 to 20 of altitude; distance where there is very low and I am quite sure this was a large object some distance away.

Engineering Test Pilot


- page 12 -

