PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
Summer 1953 1700

2. LOCATION
Mt Vernon, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (SATURN)
Probably Saturn. In the approximate position since SATURN was observed later in the evening further west and at a higher altitude. No exact computation can be made since the date is not available and the times of both sightings were not included.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 Seconds

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object observed in 1953 through Telescope reported in 1965, some 12 yrs after the sighting. Object was observed for 3 seconds through the telescope and could not be relocated. Time was daylight about 5 PM. Saturn like object with ring around it. Witness traded to explain why object could NOT have been the Planet SATURN and all four reasons he gave were incorrect.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (TV)

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Mrs. /SAFOICC/T2842/9 Sep 65

SEP - 9 1965

Dear Mr.

This is in reply to your report of an aerial object which you observed in 1953.

Your report has been forwarded to Dr. J. Allen Hynek, the civilian consultant to Project Blue Book, for review.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Mr.
Mt. Vernon, New York

COORDINATED BY (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)

Record cy - SAFOI-2
Combat cy - SAFOI-2
Reader cy - SAFOI-1
Activity cy - SAFOI-2
Stayback


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDBEW

SEP 3 1955

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 1953, Shaker Heights, Ohio

TO: Hq USAF SAFOXCC (Mrs [redacted])
Wash D C 20330

This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from Mt Vernon, New York. His interesting observation is being forwarded to Dr J Allen Hynek for review. However, we will not attempt to offer an explanation of the telescope observation as his sighting occurred in 1953.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 3 -

August 31, 1953

Intelligence Sgt.
USAF Hdqtrs Det 1702
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

Excuse UFO's have been in the same again. I was 112, I would like to state the incident which took place on 2 AUG 53 at Lisbon, Ohio. The time was about 2:50 in the afternoon. The sun was shining a summer afternoon. The sun was directly overhead. I was right then. There was no clouds visible to the northwest.

I was using a reflecting telescope of 5 inch aperture and was damaging myself by staring toward the sun. Then I aimed the scope at a clear patch of light blue sky. As I recall it was pointed toward the southern sky at about an angle of 45°. Suddenly, within my sight, there appeared what seemed to be a metallic ball with a rim or ring about it, something like the planet Saturn only different. The object had an aluminum sheen and appeared to be revolving rapidly, with slowly and slightly lifting up and down upon its axis perhaps the illustration.

The object was in my scope for only about two or three seconds and then it was gone. I was unable to find it

[A small hand-drawn circle sketch is included in the document]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

near Mt. Kisco, after some time, could I see it well. 
then rubbed eyes, although I tried to do so for 
several minutes afterwards. I was able to observe 
the Planet Saturn, after dark that same evening 
further to the west and higher up in the sky, that 
the point where I had seen the object. I some several 
good reasons for thinking why this may not have been 
the Planet Saturn:

1) It appeared to be about three or four to the 
image of the planet size, saw through the craft.

2) The object itself was in metallic, show motion near 
Saturn, from west to east, quite bright. Bright 
so that I could see that Saturn was below it 
in the light even through a telescope.

4) Had then been in Saturn I should have been 
able to form my scope after it again or at least 
I should have been able to see it with the 
naked eye. Remember it was daylight (about 5PM) 
and no stars were yet visible.

I would appreciate it if you would write 
this letter and let me know what you think. 
Our astronomer's opinion especially would be most 
helpful.

Very Truly yours,
[Signature redacted]
Mt. Vernon, N.Y.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Mt Vernon, N.J.

Intelligence Dept.
United States Air Force
Wright Patterson Outforce Base
Dayton, Ohio


- page 6 -

C.R.I.F.O. NEWSLETTER
April 7, 1954
Vol. I No. 1

WATCH RED PLANET MARS: By July, 1954, Mars will swing to within 40 million miles of the Earth. The Air Force, not overlooking Mars as the possible source of "saucers" is getting geared for the event. Some authorities believe that Mars' proximity will produce a new rash of sightings, perhaps even surprising the "saucer" circus of July 1952, when, according to Don Keyhoe, the Air Force was prepared for an invasion. One indication of official concern is in White Sands, New Mexico where teams of scientists are presently being schooled on UFO identification, and the use of special instrumentation to track the objects. This project is headed by astronomer, Dr. Clyde Tombaugh, the discoverer of the planet, Pluto, and Dr. Lincoln La Paz, famous authority in the study of meteorites.

ASTRONOMERS ALERTED: Concern astronomers this summer. Already an American team has joined others in Bloemfontein, South Africa where telescopic perception is better. Bloemfontein and other observatories in the southern hemisphere were chosen because Mars will pass almost directly overhead each night. Ostensibly interested in Mars' canals, atmospheric conditions, etc., this world-wide project will observe the red planet for more cogent reasons. One school of intelligence opinion believes that Mars is used by some remote extra-stellar intelligence as a base of "saucer operations"; others are unconvinced that Mars is the only right is in "sighting unknown objects" and its using "two unknown objects."

THE ENIGMA OF "TWO UNKNOWN OBJECTS": What is the real significance behind these two mysterious objects? Momentary and confusing. Frank Edwards, radio commentator, first reported Mr. Palomar's discovery of the objects over a year ago, but this was denied. Then on September 3, 1953, Sir Edward Appleton, famous British radio-physicist, proclaimed in an address to the British Assn. of Advancement of Science, that British and Australian astronomers had identified radio noises in the constellation of Cygnus where earlier Mt. Palomar discovered "two unknown objects of unique character" and described them as "discoveries of great astronomical interest."

On March 12, Frank Edwards again revealed official concern over the two "objects" like moons which is in the orbit between Earth and Mars. These objects recently confirmed by radio-telescope, according to Edwards' informant, were not seen prior to 1877. Scientists in White Sands are examining the evidence. Information is sketchy, but CRIFO will pass along whatever it learns.

The following named men have accepted Associate Membership with CRIFO:
Thaddeus W. Culmer II . . . Robinson, Illinois
Dean A. Mitchell . . . . . Cincinnati, Ohio
James Moseley . . . . . presently in Lima, Peru


- page 7 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                    -2-                    SUMMER, 1953
                                                                                Hamilton County, Ohio

                    FOUR MYSTERY PHOTOS OF HOVERING OBJECT
                    REVIEWED BY ATIC --- THEN SILENCE!

The identification of aerial objects in photographs is sometimes difficult -- especially so when the photographer is unknown and cannot be contacted for amplification of certain undefinable details.

Such was the case recently. On Feb. 12, 1954 this writer received in the mail four photos which the anonymous sender claimed in his attached note, were taken at dawn in the summer of 1953 somewhere (near Cincinnati) in Hamilton County. Each of the four photos show the object about 200 ft. above a ridge of trees.

Picture #1 shows a blackish cloud of smoke encompassing an apparent metallic object. The tapered basal portion of the object is illuminated by a bright light while at the opposite end facing skyward is another illumination. This seems less intense and is probably the glare of sunlight. The smoke behaves abnormally, which, according to the observer, "seemed to be coming from the bottom of the object and being sucked in again at the top." The smoke drifted away, but not as smoke usually does, but towards the ground and hung together in sort of a egg-shaped cloud.

Pictures #2, 3, and 4 show the smoke having cleared. In view is a flat octagon-shaped object about 40 feet in diameter. In the center of the octagon's undersurface is a bright light from which is suspended a small ovate device. The octagon swing "like a pendulum" in its curved upward course. That the object is propelled is indicated by the fact that it was moving (4 mph) against the wind whose force was shown by the sway of the treetops. The observer adds, he thought he heard a strange humming noise.

Many questions remain, but all attempts to contact the witness have failed. His note specified that he wanted "no publicity or part of the controversy", but he added, "if the photos proved value", he could be reached through the Peronal Column of the Cincinnati Enquirer. My message, however, got no results.

I next visited the Air Force Office of Special Investigations who promptly phoned ATIC in Dayton for instructions. Our meeting was friendly and chatty, but I could easily detect OSI's concern ... concern in gaining possession of the photos, and, being adequately evasive to my questions. They accomplished both!

Three weeks later the photos were returned without comment. On the surface of one photo, Lab Technicians had applied a glossy colloidal substance ... the evidence of extensive tests! Such leads one to believe that preliminary analyses were unable to resolve the object.

Summarily, the object's identity continues UNKNOWN. At first glance, this writer concluded that the octagon panel of a self-disposing type of balloon, but a framework minus its balloon would not man-euver as though propelled, as the photos show. For elaboration I checked with a Colonel "W", Commander of ---Anti-aircraft Battalion. He averred that the device could be the framework of a "calibrating" balloon, used in conjunction with a theodolite to check the efficiency of radar scopes. He explains the black smoke in photo #1 as the burning of the balloon's fabric (neoprene rubber). But once again, what of the object's curved upward course, and its flying against the wind, minus the inflated balloon?


- page 8 -

