Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
10 Nov 53 11/00:31

2. LOCATION
Dayton, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
West

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (....)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Source called UFO officer and reported sighting of UFO at 1131 daily 8th & Wyoming St. Object was described as round, bright, fast moving object seen from south to north. Sighted Hill.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

14 NOV 58
LEBANON, OHIO

CRIFO NEWSLETTER

INFRA RED FILM WITH RED FILTER SHOWS EMBODIED GLOBE OF LIGHT

On November 14, 1953, Mrs. Ethel Coleman of Lebanon, Ohio operating an Eastman 35 mm. Pony, a two element lens camera, equipped with infra-red and red filter was shooting for pictures of Mercury in eclipse of the sun. The camera was mounted on a tripod, and she attests, was not moved in traction. Making 12 second exposures, she saw nothing unusual in her field of vision before or during the 10 minute time lapse between pictures.

When the film was returned from the developer's she couldn't find Mercury, but was placed to a small round milk-glass object, like a "moon", which appeared in only two frames of the roll. In one picture the object appeared at about 3 o'clock in position to the sun's glare; in the other, it descended vertically almost 10 degrees, hovering in front of a cluster of winter-bared trees. The moon is the same size in both frames and of the same brilliance as the sun. The negatives verify this, showing an intense black object about a foot in diameter. By this evidence the object is not a result of an emulsion fluid droplet or air bubbles in careless development.

Research by Mr. Herbert Clark, checked out Newton Rings. The Lebanon "moons" were dissimilar to the optical design and symmetry found in Newton phenomena. Another film analysis, Mr. Ken Hock, said the objects were probably reflections from the sun, then advised that the film be sent to Eastman Lab in Rochester for further analysis. However, a member of Eastman Office, Cincinnati, Herb Clark and myself doubted Hock's "sundog" explanation. Clark argued that infra-red film and red filter would have eliminated the sun's glare. Supporting Clark's theory is the remaining frames of film which show the sun but no "moons."

THE HYPOTHESIS OF THE INVISIBLE "THINKING" LIGHT: If the object cannot be resolved as a lenticular phenomenon, and, with all other avenues to solution theoretically closed, only one feasible explanation remains; the object is a material, but non metal device, spherical in shape and operates under remote control.

Considering the later anomaly, analysis shows that the object's non-metal substance is translucent. The proof is in the picture which shows the object "blushing" in three trees. Within the sphere's outline is revealed the hazy silhouette of a fork in the tree directly opposite. Thus, it controlled, the device is disembodied - a machine without a power plant.

Evidence and logic do not provide the answer. If, as Mrs. Coleman says, the object was not seen in her field of vision, and, as the evidence suggests, the object does exist and is rendered "visible" only through infra red film, then perhaps the sphere is metamorphosic.


- page 2 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
10   Nov   53

2. Time of day: 1926
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Dayton   City or Town   State or Country

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:   2   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
    a. Certain     c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight     e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One) a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away? (a distant car?)
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other:

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No

e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other:

Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No


- page 4 -

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound
b. Color orange, fiery, constant brightness

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember

17. and 19. are blank drawing/sketch sections with no text.


- page 5 -

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):   a. Head of a pin    g. Silver dollar
                b. Pea             h. Baseball
                c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
                d. Nickel          j. Basketball
                e. Quarter         k. Other: _______
                f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
      a. Certain         c. Not very sure
      b. Fairly certain  d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Dwindled or passed across the sky

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying near a city?
g. Flying over open country?
h. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Was driving across West third St Bridge in Dayton

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 20 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes No Driving West third St Bridge Slightly lighted

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 7 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ________________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? Newspaper advertising salesman
Age: [blank]   Sex: Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e.g. Technical school
(Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [blank for Day, Month, Year]

Page 8 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 8 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME                                   (Please Print)                                   (Do Not Write In This Space)
                                                                                        CODE:
SIGNATURE
DATE

Handwritten note at bottom of form:
J. Tech called Source and determined object to be 7NELL...


- page 9 -

11 Nov 53
NORTH PACIFIC

Hydrographic Bulletin

METEORS

The Hydrographic Office is cooperating with astronomers who are studying meteors. Mariners reporting their observations of these bodies are greatly assisting in this work. It is desired to have the Greenwich time and point of appearance and disappearance of meteors, as possible, either by bearing and altitude, or by relation to fixed stars, or both.

Compiled observations on long-enduring trains and their direction of drift are of special importance, as they determine wind direction in the upper atmosphere.

NORTH PACIFIC

Mr. Antonio G. Piata aboard the American SS. President Fillmore, Capt. Carl F. A. Johnson, Master, reports that on November 11, 1953, at 1004 G.M.T. in lat. 29°29' N, lon. 163°23' W, a comet was observed to shoot horizontally across the sky at approximately 256° altitude with a blinding flash. Dark blue in color, this comet illuminated the sky, sea, and vessel for a full 80 seconds, and the comet's trail glowed for 6 minutes after its passage.

Weather was clear and fine, wind NE, force 2, low northeast, sea and swell, barometer 30.32 inches, temperature 66° F., sea 72° F.


- page 10 -

