Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
7 June 53 2200:

2. LOCATION
Norwood, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Balloon

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
One small round shapely defined object traveled first toward the W then toward the SW. It hovered directly overhead. It appeared behind a white along cloud. One hour a balloon was released. Corroborating sighting. While in a ball, observer doesn't claim it was a balloon.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 - 15 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ None

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ None

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

USAFTR                                                                Page 2

Then proceeded N W lately
Capable, looking pointing at now near
Velvet a Cumulus Cloud about
3502 oft the object then was 13.22
76 degrees from zenith.

Witness - Made a station in this and
can if you can come up with
me. I was here about 15
min. I plane thinks he seeing the
sun rising on August about
last 12 south the
                    F.M.C.


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
7 June 1953

2. Time of day: 1700 Hour, (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Central b. Standard
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted location] Norwood City or Town, Ohio State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 10-15 Minutes

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you d. To your left
b. In back of you e. Overhead
c. To your right f. Don't remember


- page 3 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other:

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses         Yes   No
b. Sun glasses        Yes   No
c. Windshield         Yes   No
d. Window glass       Yes   No

e. Binoculars         Yes   No
f. Telescope          Yes   No
g. Theodolite         Yes   No
h. Other


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: None
    b. Color: White or silvery

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright line
               c. Sharp outline
               d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
    feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel*
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Behind a cumulus
    cloud.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

An aluminum ball might give
the same appearance.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.


- page 7 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 8 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER 440
What is your present job? Court City Mech Mgr
Age 32    Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school ✓
b. High school ✓
c. College ✓
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
f. Other special training USAF C.I.C.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9   June   53

[Additional handwritten notes at bottom of page: 1700 c, 2500 c]


- page 9 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

[Most of the handwritten text is obscured by black redaction marks, making it largely illegible. Only fragments of text are visible, but cannot be confidently transcribed due to the redaction.]

The form is Form 8, as noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 10 -

