Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
26 Jan 53 29/about

2. SOURCE
AF Pilot

3. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1st-10 Min. 2nd-15 Min.

5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Air-Visual

6. COURSE
Northwest

7. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

LOCATION
Stuttgart, Germany

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (1. Venus 2. Dasch)
1. Dr. Hynek evaluates as Venus.
2. Star Dasch

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Bright white object seen around the edges was observed traveling, mass direction as Cmdy (300°) in a circular. Then object dived approx 1000' at about 75° angle & climbed perpendicular to its original position. Another similar object appeared & was observed approx 15 min.

COMMENTS: 1. The object's maneuvers were similar to that of Venus.
2. It is believed that objects were astronomical bodies.
3. Extract of this document is being sent to Dr. Hynek for his comments.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. There are fragments of text visible at the top and middle of the page, but they are too blurry and faint to be accurately transcribed. 

The document contains several sketched or diagrammatic images:
- A top image that appears to show something like a feathered or spiked object with a curved line
- Two circular diagrams at the bottom of the page, one larger and more detailed, showing what seem to be landscape or architectural elements
- A small notation or number at the bottom right of the page, which looks like "4 ju 51" or something similar


- page 2 -

Much of the text on this document is illegible due to poor image quality and faintness. I can partially make out some text at the bottom of the page which appears to read:

UNKNOWN - [rest of text is too faint to confidently transcribe]

There are some partially visible form fields and lines at the top of the document, but the text is not clear enough to reliably reproduce. Several sections have been blacked out with redaction marks.


- page 3 -

Some text is legible, but much of the document is obscured by black redaction marks. The legible text includes:

"Aircraft Hour Total Night Hours"

At the bottom of the page, there is a number: "90084"

The rest of the text is either blacked out or too faint/blurry to confidently read.


- page 4 -

I apologize, but the text in this image is extremely faint and illegible. While the document appears to be a typewritten page with multiple lines of text, the image quality is too poor to perform accurate OCR. The page looks like an old document with a grid-like typewritten format, but the specific text cannot be discerned.


- page 5 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with a grid-like form or table. However, the text is too blurry and low-contrast to perform accurate OCR. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor image quality and grayscale reproduction.


- page 6 -

The text in the image is largely illegible due to poor image quality and black redaction bars. Some fragments of text are visible at the top of the document, but they are too blurry and incomplete to confidently transcribe. The bottom of the document appears to have some handwritten or typed text, but again, it is not clear enough to read with certainty.


- page 7 -

Some text is legible, but much of the document is faded or blurry. Here's what I can clearly make out:

At the bottom of the page, I can see:
A54045   12

The rest of the text is partially obscured or too faint to confidently transcribe. Large portions of the document appear to be a form or report with various fields and sections, but the specific details are not clearly readable.


- page 8 -

Much of the text in this document is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned image. Some words and phrases are partially visible, but most of the text is too faint or blurry to read with confidence. At the bottom of the page, there appears to be a notation "CHART-13", but even this is not entirely clear. The document appears to be a form or report with multiple columns and rows, but the specific content cannot be determined from this image.


- page 9 -

Much of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and low contrast. Only fragments of text can be partially discerned, but not enough to confidently reproduce full sentences or paragraphs. The document appears to be a typewritten report with multiple lines of text, but the specific content cannot be reliably determined from this scan.


- page 10 -

Some text is illegible due to the low quality of the scanned document. The parts I can make out include:

[Top of document, partially legible]
"... that it was..."

[Middle section, partially legible]
"... evidence ... flying ..."

[Bottom section, more legible]
"... thought it was a brilliant ball light ..."

The document appears to be a typewritten report with some handwritten annotations. There is also what seems to be a diagram or sketch in the upper portion of the document, but the details are not clear due to the image quality.

The bottom of the document has a number or code: "51002-1-15"


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112                                                  SECURITY INFORMATION
UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Country: Germany                   REPORT NO.                  DATE OF INFO.
Area: Germany/ West Zone            AT-27-53                   14 Jan 54 (51)
Subject: "PILOTBRIGHT"
Date of Occurrence: 5 March 1953    Date of Information: 23 Jan 53    Source: HQ, USAFE, MTI Branch
Reporting Officer: GERALD M. JONES, Capt.                     Lt. Col. Wm. Mitchell & Major Davis Pearsall
AF Letter: 200-5, DTN(B)20-1-53

1. The information contained in this report concerns the sighting by two USAF officers of an unidentified flying object near Frankfurt/Main, Germany on 23 January 1953. The officers, Lt. Col. Wm. Mitchell and Major Davis Pearsall, both members of the USAF Air Force Technical Information Sheet, are rated as flying status for several years. They are considered to be exceptionally reliable.

2. Information concerning their experience is presented in reproduced copies of the U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet attached as Inclosures 1 and 2. Medically after the sighting Lt. Col. Mitchell wrote on a blank AF Form 112 a detailed description of the events. This description, a good summary of the sighting, is quoted verbatim in order to prevent any misunderstanding of facts resulting from the incident.

"On the night of 23 January 1953 at 1952 hours I observed the following phenomena. We were on top of an overcast at 7500 ft. flying on a heading of 09. Visibility was for all practical purposes unlimited. Temperature was 59° F. and a very bright light passing in front of us at a slight (15°) elevation above us from our left to right. I called Major Pearsall's attention to the light and we both watched it move to our right simultaneously. Remarking that the light was moving at an extremely high rate of speed. In a few seconds it turned to the north (very high acceleration) and then turned again in front of us and climbing slightly until it was directly ahead of us again, where it seemed to linger. The light was judged at that time to be 10 miles ahead of us. Then the light made several "maneuvers" just above the horizon to 15° above the horizon. Then it paused for a few seconds, made several more maneuvers (as though in a circle) and then disappeared at a very high rate of speed to the north. We reported this phenomena to Frankfurt airways and Counterpart. The object was in sight for only a total of approximately 1-1/2 minutes. I held a heading of 09 all of this time."

3. It has come to the attention of the reporting officer that an unidentified flying object was sighted at about the same time and location by another USAF officer. This sighting was reported in AF Form 112, dated 30 January 53, from the 9th Troop Carrier Wing, Medium at Rhein Main Air Base, Frankfurt/Main Germany.

4. The 1900 hours Zebra weather reported at Rhein Main Air Base was:
   a. No precipitation
   b. 8/8 stratocumulus cloud coverage, base 3000 ft., tops 8000 ft., 3/8 stratus
      cloud coverage at 1200 ft., scatter clouds at 20,000 ft.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 12 -

Some text is legible, but much of the document is faint and difficult to read clearly. At the bottom of the page, I can make out "S4062.16" as a clear text element. The rest of the text appears to be a form or report with multiple lines and columns, but the specific details are too blurry to confidently transcribe.


- page 13 -

The text I can read on this document is:

3466-51-17 (at the bottom of the page)

The rest of the text appears to be illegible due to the low contrast and poor quality of the scanned document. There are some lines of text at the top of the page, but they are not clearly readable.

The document contains several graphic illustrations or diagrams, including what appears to be a curved shape with a wing-like or feathered element at the top, and two circular images at the bottom showing what seem to be landscape or architectural scenes with a central object or structure.


- page 14 -

The text is largely illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. I can partially make out some text at the bottom of the page, but most of the text is too blurry to read with certainty. The only clear text I can see is a number "51661 16" in the top right corner of the document. A section in the middle of the document is redacted with a black bar.


- page 15 -

Headquarters
United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

UNCLASSIFIED

Received: 9 Jan 53
Date: 9 Jan 53

Headquarters
USAFE
APO 633, NY

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: Director of Intelligence
Hq USAF (AFOTN-X1)
Washington 25, D.C.

[Several lines are blacked out/redacted]

Incl: 
1. Rpt of Sighting
2. Msgs

MSRG

[Bottom of page shows document number 50651-49]


- page 16 -

I apologize, but while the document is visible, the text is too blurry and low resolution for me to confidently perform OCR. Large portions of the text are illegible. There is a black redaction bar across part of the document, and the overall image quality makes precise text extraction impossible.


- page 17 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Date: 28 January 53
L.C.T.: 9:20 pm

Location: Stuttgart, Germany

REMARKS:
Most probably Venus


- page 18 -

Frankfurt/Main, Germany, 28 Jan 53, ATIC Document 111619

Air-visual sighting by two USAF pilots flying a C-47 over this locality state that both pilots sighted a very bright light passing in front of them at an elevation of about 45° moving from their left to right. Appeared to be moving at a very high rate of speed. In a few seconds it turned to the North and then turned again in front of the observers, climbing slightly until it was directly ahead of them, where it seemed to linger and then go out of sight. The object was sighted for a total of approximately 1 1/2 minutes. The pilot was on a heading of 0° during the entire period of sighting. Weather was clear with a slight temperature inversion between 3 to 4,000'. A check with the Frankfurt Flight Service by the pilots revealed the information that no jet aircraft were operating in the vicinity of Rhein Main at the time of sighting. However other C-47's were flying in the vicinity and might account for the sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED (appears at top and bottom of document)


- page 19 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112                                                                UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS NEAR HAHN MAIN, GERMANY
U.S. ZONE OF GERMANY                                    60TH TROOP CARRIER WING, MCGUIRE

3 JANUARY 1953                                          29 JANUARY 1953
PATTON D. DANIEL, CAPTAIN, USAF                         SOURCE: MARLOWE B. ISELT, USAF

1. Lt. S USAF, 1st Lt Marlowe B. SCOTT, 172035A, USAF, 60th Air Police Squadron, was pilot of USAF C-47 aircraft No. 3734 returning to HAHN MAIN Air Base, GERMANY from the vicinity of Stuttgart on 24 January 1953.

a. Lt. SCOTT is well known to me, and is a conscientious and capable officer whose judgement may be relied upon. He stated that he has been skeptical of reports of unidentified flying objects, so he took necessary action to determine if the lights reported below could be a reflection from the instrument panel or stars shining through clouds.

2. At approximately 2020Z, 24 January 1953, Lt SCOTT noticed a bright light ahead and slightly to the right of his aircraft. These lights appeared to be about three to five miles distant and at the same altitude as the aircraft, approximately 6500 feet.

a. The light was a bright white light with green ground on the edges, and no size or shape could be determined. SCOTT at first thought the lights were on an aircraft, so he headed via Ludwg. 1st, read compass course.

b. The light appeared to be traveling the same direction (300°) as the aircraft and at approximately the same speed. "The light made no violent maneuvers," but Lt SCOTT at first could not tell the nature and characteristics to its original position. It also allowed approximately 1000 feet at about a 75 degree angle and then oil checked perpendicularly to its original position. This maneuver consumed only 4 or 5 seconds.

c. This light was visible for approximately ten minutes.

3. At approximately 2030Z, another light appeared, this one ahead and slightly to the left of the aircraft.

a. The light was bright and white, but no size or shape could be determined.

b. The light appeared to vary in distance from three to five miles as evidenced by the fact that the light would grow brighter and then almost vanish relative positions could change from 11 o'clock to 10 o'clock and then back to its original position.

c. This light was visible for approximately fifteen minutes.

4. Both of these lights were visible at the same time, but shortly after the second light appeared, the first one disappeared.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 20 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AFOIN 112--PART II                                                                                                 6
UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

5. Lt SARGE reported both lights to MCMURDO and FRANKFURT AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL. The second light was visible until the aircraft started a procedure turn at STADY beacon (RAF 5513). Then the left disappeared and no further success to its original heading of 3000 and attempted to regain it, with no success.

6. Weather messages for TGBZ, 23 January 1953 at HUEHN MAIN was as follows:
Ceiling - 1000 ft. broken
Visibility - 5.4 Stat Miles with continuous drizzle
Winds - 250 degrees at 23 knots with gust to 35 knots.
Temperature - -0° centigrade
Dew Point - 40 centigrade
Altitude - 5ath bar - 29.28

7. Lt SARGE stated that the clouds were in two layers. The top of the lower layer at 6000 to 7000 feet. The upper layer was lit and at approximately 10,000 ft.

8. All observations were between the cloud layers.

9. Aircraft was flying on a heading of 3000 at 3500 feet. 125 approximately.

10. No conditions or activity that might affect the sighting were apparent.

11. No evidence is available at this station.

[Signed]
RALPH O. DANIEL
Captain, USAF
Intelligence Officer

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 21 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Hq, USAFE, ATI Branch                     REPORT NO.   ATT-527-53                PAGE   2   OF   2

c. Ground visibility - 7 NM
d. Winds:   At surface     - 250° at 26 knots
            5000 ft.      - 300° at 40 knots
            10000 ft.     - 300° at 55 knots
e. Surface temperature 6° C
   Dew point 14° C

f. Temperature at each 1000 ft. to 10,000 ft.
   2000 ft. - 3° C
   3000 ft. - 2° C
   4000 ft. - 3° C
   5000 ft. - 1° C
   6000 ft. - 0° C
   7000 ft. - -1° C
   8000 ft. - -2° C
   9000 ft. - -3° C
   10000 ft. - -4° C

5. A check with Frankfurt Flight Service revealed the information that no jet aircraft were operating in the vicinity of Rhein Main at the sighting. However, other C-47 were flying in the vicinity.

6. This information will be of interest to the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

APPROVED:

[Signatures of Robert A. Elder and Gerald M. Jones]

ROBERT A. ELDER, Lt. Col., USAF     GERALD M. JONES
Colonel, USAF                       Captain, USAF
Chief, ATI Branch                   ATI Branch

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
ATT-527-53


- page 22 -

This case includes twenty pages of photocopied narrative + drawings 5"x8".


- page 23 -

Some text is legible, but much of the document is faint and partially obscured. I can make out fragments of text and form fields, but cannot confidently reproduce complete sentences. The document appears to be an official form or report with multiple sections and lines for entries. The image quality makes comprehensive OCR challenging.

Partially legible text fragments include:
- Some numbers and dates in the top sections
- Partial words and phrases in various sections
- Bottom of page appears to have some text, but is largely unreadable

The document looks like an official military or government form, likely related to the Project Blue Book UFO investigation given the filename context, but the specific details cannot be fully discerned from this image.


- page 24 -

Most of the text on this page is too faint or blurry to be reliably read. There are multiple lines of text with small circular symbols/markings next to them, but the actual text is not clearly legible. At the bottom right corner of the page, I can partially make out what appears to be a number: "24067-2", but I cannot confidently state the full text of the document.


- page 25 -

Much of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and low contrast. I can partially make out some text fragments, but cannot confidently reproduce complete sentences or paragraphs. The bottom of the page appears to have a number "54663" visible.


- page 26 -

Much of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. There is a hand-drawn or sketched object that appears to be an elongated shape with a thin stem or handle. At the bottom of the page, the number "3106" is clearly visible. Beyond these details, I cannot confidently transcribe the text due to the low image resolution.


- page 27 -

Some text is legible, but much of the document is faint and partially obscured. I can make out fragments and partial lines, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text. The document appears to be an official form or report with multiple sections and numbered fields. The bottom of the page has a number "54981" visible. Due to the poor image quality, a complete and accurate OCR transcription is not possible.


- page 28 -

