Here is the text from the document:

1. TIME GROUP
November 59 24/00-00

2. LOCATION
New York City

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Either 30 seconds or 1 min.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Turned

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
Unknown

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
[Partially illegible text, appears to say something about an object]

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
    a. Clear sky
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thick or heavy clouds
    e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
    a. No wind
    b. Slight breeze
    c. Strong wind
    d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
    a. Dry
    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Snow
    e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
    a. Cold
    b. Cool
    c. Warm
    d. Hot
    e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Some time round middle 1953
Day of Month Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes    (No)
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes    No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) (Yes)    No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I have no idea but the brightness of its light and the projection in which it moved straight across the horizon are what made a clear cut impression. It was a clear night and the surface of the plain was clear. It made a profound impression. Then suddenly I thought could this be any form of military instrument and should I tell it to the Army. I was always thinking the answer was our own device. Then I thought as a citizen it was my duty to report it. I felt it was a citizen's responsibility.


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   ( No )
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) ( Yes)   No   From Madison & 66th st to 9th Ave and the
Outward course was into the middle of the 10th River.
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it went? _____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS The Hotel Roosevelt, New York City, N.Y.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

What is your present job? I am completing an outline of one branch of the
"Alson Light" Civil Defense Research at this time. Age over 50.
Age _over 50_   Sex _Female_

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
f. Other special training

I had a governess then private schools and later special courses in
[rest of text partially illegible]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [blank]

Page 8


- page 3 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add only further comments, photographs, or sketches that you believe are relevant. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [redacted]
SIGNATURE [redacted]
DATE December 13th 1953

It was three o'clock in the morning either the 10th or 11th of November and I was impressed with the clarity of the night and fine view of the north river and Jersey shore. Suddenly, this very clear round yellow light with no attachments and from this distance was the size of a large dinner plate visible across the horizon as there is a very clear space from the window of the French Building at 45th & 5th Ave and Forty-sixth St which is just to the right of the one and one-half range near 46th St. There was a perfect view of the avenue ending into the river with gives at 46th St and all the boats going up the river.

I was intrigued with what perfect precision it kept to its course, not fast and not slow, and then when it made this clear cut perfect right angle turn as if rooted to the surface of the river I was convinced that this was no mere sighting.

The writer was afraid to discuss it with anyone except a classmate of my brother at Yale, an engineer of great ability, by calling the Yale Club but he was not there. Then I felt after two days reflection, in reality to confirm: & then at the weekend a friend of mine, a locomotive engineer, had made a deep impression on me as I am an ancient tripper by air and strong for aviation, I must let the Government know.

My thought then was would they think me visionary that I knew as just not so because I always asked the latest reports feeling there was a truth of our own Government, so I consulted it in Philadelphia, a fellow member of the English Speaking Union who resided in the article of the ons and knows war, he said send it quick to your Government.


- page 4 -

USAFTIS                                                        Page 2

My father, the late Doctor [redacted] practice for forty-seven years in this state. His life as the Beloved Physician was in the February 1926 edition of the American Pharmacaine. Dr. [redacted] was one of the surgeons for the Royal Infirmity of London at the time of his death and had including private practice rounded out over forty years as a surgeon.

My father and both grandparents were born in Britain but father's first ancestor was the Chaplain for the Governor Winthrop expedition to Boston. An officer who fought under General [redacted] was originally from back to Britain on a trip and died there. So father was the next to come here as his father an English officer died of Black Fever while on Foreign Service. My mother was a descendant of [redacted] that is collateral and did not marry.

I tell you this so you may know of our loyalty and that my motive in sending this is one of helpfulness, and service to my country. If I can be of any further help I will do my best.

Doctor [redacted] of Hudson on the Hudson, New York, who succeeded my father as chief of staff of the hospital there of which my father was one of the founders. Twenty-three years and my brother, [redacted], Manager of the 44th St. Branch of the Bankers Trust Company, 1st Doctor [redacted] Palmer Square Apts. Princeton, N.J. Doctor [redacted] is one of the heads of the Dept. of Architecture are a few of the family friends I feel sure will vouch for me.


- page 5 -

Hotel Roosevelt
NEW YORK

Commanding Officer
Department of Aviation
Washington
D. C.

Sir:

Three weeks ago next Tuesday not being able to sleep I sat facing the west in front of two large windows where I have a very clear view of the Hudson and the Jersey Shore beyond-between the French building to the left on 5th Ave and the corner of 45th St and Madison Ave, where the Ritz-Carlton formerly stood.

Suddenly a golden circle of light about the size of a large dinner plate it is seen from here, then directly north over the river-northly somewhat on the same at an angle very clear and seemed to go lower as toward the surface of the river.

It was not a falling star sort of medium


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

or portion of a motor which I have often seen
in traveling around the world for this as an
instrument of travel driven with the most perfect
precision as it came as if its course were on with
sidelike accuracy.

I have conceived the idea of flying saucers up to this
time because I am on the top floor of this building
that is very tall, when I stick my head out the window
as far south as the Duke building on the south,
the Bournard Hills in New Jersey on the east and I
think it is called the General Electric building on
the north in the next fifties, and have never seen only
planes by the hundreds are descending in the surrounding just before the war that is clear concave.

In father and brother were both surgeons and my
father's kinfolk were in the medical profession in
which all my life was spent. I have 1 wish in this
book almost twenty years and I can give you the
most satisfactory references so when I mentioned
this to a friend of my family is an answer he is
quite emphatic in my writing to someone about it
in incubation.

As I would wish to do everything possible for my
country and my hope people I am writing to you of
this experience and have tried to disclose it with
as much accuracy as my memory will permit. I am
as any value in this I do hope it may help you a bit.
I am sure there are many who will vouches for my deep
honesty and integrity.

Please for give my terrible trouble as the person who
does it for me is over for the weekend.

Very sincerely,

[Signature area blacked out]

THE ROOSEVELT
MADISON AVE AT 45 ST.
NEW YORK, N. Y.


- page 7 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much Information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
16th or 17th NOV 1953
Day     Month     Year

Accurate time is in my letter.

2. Time of day: [blank]
Hour     Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other: [blank]

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Location partially obscured] New York City, NY   New York
Nearest Point   City or Town                State or County

Additional remarks: On the roof place near the north west tower of a close open area to the [rest of text obscured]

5. Estimate how long you saw the object: A matter of seconds - I think cannot estimate
                                           Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain

    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
              b. Dull daylight     e. No trace of daylight
              c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
              b. In back of you    e. Overhead
              c. To your right     f. Don't remember


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 9

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One) mch ( a. Yes )   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
It was bright yellow (Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
like a very bright light.   b. Several blocks away?
                            c. A block away?
                            d. Several yards away?
                            e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One)   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   (No)   f. Binoculars   Yes   ( No )
b. Sun glasses   Yes   (No)   g. Telescope    Yes   ( No )
c. Windshield   Yes   (No)   h. Theodolite
d. Window glass   (Yes)   No   i. Other


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound - No sound just a very bright deep yellow light and appeared to
    b. Color - be a disc rather than a round yellow ball.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    Going the course of the north layer from South toward Alturas. Windows face the west face directly the Hudson or North River.

    At this point it appeared to make a perfect angle to get nearer the river.

18. The edge of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

    e. Other - A round object with very clearly defined round edges.

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

I have given the very best drawing I could with the source in Section 17. On page 3 Section 14 I have marked solid meaning it was a ball, of clear bright white color that but helped it was a solid circle of light or not I cannot etc.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
First guess: 1/2 ft. 2nd guess: 3 ft. 3rd guess: 10 ft. plate.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Baseball
k. Other: perhaps this size but like not all round like a ball.

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? It's course was the north over the river and then with great precision it went down at north east as if going nearer the river.

24. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

I would have to make it of glass or some clear opaque substance and it would not be round like a ball but a well defined circle. The light very yellow, very clear and shiny more like a high powered electric light or very bright sunshine and was very clear on flicker. That immersed in was the brightest machine I have seen. It's course right up the river and then with a most perfect right angle turn toward the surface of the river it went formed as I have shown in a sketch on Page 3.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building Yes.
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city? Yes.
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near on airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I could not sleep and was sitting on the end of a chair resting at the clarity of the view across to the Jersey side and to see if there were any Cunard liners at the pier at the foot of 40th St. This object was moving with such steady precision not fast but perfect mechanical motion.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northeast

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.


- page 12 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 13 -

