Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 1007 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
22 December 1954

2. LOCATION
Houston, Texas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local (22 Dec 54)
GMT 05422 Dec 54

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual     ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 seconds

8. COURSE
SW

9. COMMENTS
Possible meteor observation

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Thin white flickline of flight straight through 20 degrees are in 5 seconds.

11. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 28 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

analysis, and none published his complete data. The Ohio chemist, busy with ordinary duties, had time to make only a preliminary analysis of the 1956 fragment. He did not determine the amount of tin present and did not determine what elements other than tin were in the sample. The density of the 1954 sample is not known and the results of the complete qualitative, quantitative, and spec-

tographic tests, if performed, are not available.

When a businessman sends a specimen to a commercial chemist for analysis, he expects to receive a specific list of exactly what elements it contains and in what percentages. If he received, instead, results such as those of the silver-rain analysis, plus the chemist's opinion that the specimen used to consist of something else in different proportions, the businessman would very properly refuse to pay.

No competent chemist would use the meager data available to assert that the 1954 and 1956 fragments had an identical origin, or that they were originally composed only of pure tin. A quantitative analysis theoretically could show that a given sample is composed entirely of a certain element such as tin, but if the sample contains only 50 per cent tin, 10 per cent obviously consists of other elements, and the specimen is not too pure.

With so few facts available, the actual identity of the silver rain can only be guessed at, but overwhelming evidence indicates that it was made right here on earth.

The Handbook of Chemistry and Physics lists a large number of possibilities. At least 5 alloys of tin and lead, without antimony, have densities between 9.43 and 10.33, like the 1956 fragments. Ordinary "plumbers solder" is 67 per cent lead, 33 per cent tin, and has a density of 9.4. "Tinman's solder" is 67 per cent tin and 33 per cent lead. Many aluminum solders have neither antimony nor lead, but contain tin in percentages ranging from 50 to 97 per cent, combined with varying proportions of zinc, aluminum, copper, cadmium, or phosphorus.

One judicially-minded investigator of flying saucers gently pointed out to the editor of the UFO Critical Bulletin that the use of the word "proved" for the extraterrestrial origin of the silver rain was premature, and suggested the need for obtaining and publishing a complete analysis before drawing any conclusions. The editor, not yet a complete master of the English language, responded with the peculiar logic of the nonchemist:

"What more is necessary to convince so severe and thickheaded person as Dr. -----? Would be necessary a statement in conjunction with some highly worldly considered scientist? ... Would be necessary a statement in conjunction from Eisenhower, Khrushchev and the Pope?—This he'll never get of course. Would be necessary a UFO landing on his private garden?" [17]


- page 2 -

"SAUCER TIN"

We have no intention of giving the whole story of the molten "tin" that fell in Campinas, Brazil, on December 20, 1954, supposedly from a saucer, since most of our readers are probably familiar with the main facts already. (If not, see Sidereus Flying Saucer, #6 and 7; APRO Bulletin, July 1957.) But we should mention that two samples kindly brought to New York by Simões disappeared, because they proved, on testing, to be composed of tin already spread, in fact, to be identifiable as solder - which hardly suggests any extraterrestrial origin. However, this proves nothing, since these drops of metal could not be guaranteed to be part of the original material; it is possible that they were brought in later by a prankster. (The sample in the possession of Dr. Charles Maney is of similarly hazy origin.)

The exact nature of the original material - supposed to be phenomenally pure tin - is still not really certain, and it will remain uncertain until someone who originally examined it succeeds in getting more information from Dr. Visvaldo Maffei of Campinas, the chemist who originally examined it. The case is a very important one if authentic, but verification is still needed before we are justified in saying that chemical analysis disclosed evidence that this saucer metal was of non-earthly origin.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No. 8                                                                        October 1957
CENTRO DE PESQUISA DOS DISCOS VOADORES - CPDV - Box 8449 - Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Auriphebo Berrance Simoes, Editor.

NATURE OF THE NATIVE

Your Editor has just returned to his native country after an absence of four-ty days. It was his intention to contact several saucer investigators both in Europe and in America, but he was successful only in meeting saucerers in New York and this, incidentally, was definitely the best event of his whole trip.

Your editor was fortunate enough to be received by the Civilian Saucer Intelligence, where also Lex Mebane and Ted Bloecher together with Isabel, burn their brains trying to see light through the immense darkness of saucedom - or ufology if you prefer.

It would be utterly impossible to describe how nice Lex, Isabel and Ted were to your Editor & wife. Even the CPDV representatives were unanimously nice people, among them the famous zoologist Dr. Ivan Sanderson, Mr. Hans Stefan Santesson, Editor of "Tempo" in New York, Dr. Jules Eisenbud - a devil with a lawyer degree, Dr. Leon Davidson, who still maintains that UFOs are American made contraptions and many other VIPs who are deeply concerned about saucers.

When the CPDV representatives arrived, some good Chilean wine was poured and when they went back to Brazil, a delightful "ronga changang" was popped both with nice enough words to thank properly the aforementioned friends, for this reason, perhaps, will be better to make it simple. Among your old dear friends, we hope that we will be able to be as nice to you here in Brazil in a very near future, as you were to us. And again, thanks.

NORBERTO LOHN, PRESIDENT OF CPDV DIES

We are very sorry to notify our readers that our President, Mr. Norberto Lohn died last Monday November 4th. Norberto Lohn his wife and a niece, along with five more friends were drowned when their fishing boat capsized during a severe storm, near Canasvieiras, Sao Paulo. Up to the moment (Nov. 9th) only the body of his niece has been found. Requiescat in pace dear Norberto.

ANTI-CLIMAX

It seems that whenever someone comes up with something very new and very astounding about saucers and the evidence that they are material objects originated in other worlds, an anti-climax is not long in making its appearance and the whole business is squashed "malgrè tout". Once more it has happened and I am much troubled to confess that I am the main culprit in this particular case.

Some corrections must be made in the former information issued in "The Flying Saucer" No. 7 page 9. It is to be hoped that my blunder shall not get from our readers what is so aptly called "a, Tognaia-in-check-attitude".

Our readers may be aware as per Bulletin 7 that the "silvery rain" of Campinas, Brazil, on December 20th 1954, when some saucers "were seen" to drop waste material - needed some corrections. We actually made and brought the "silvery rain" affair to the following status:

1. While a lady - who prefers to remain anonymous - was feeding her chickens in her backyard, on December 20th 1954, something fell from above. It was like molten metal and splashed barely a yard from the place where she was standing.

2. From neighboring buildings someone could have thrown the molten metal into her yard, but the investigation failed to prove that this was the case. (Even if the metal fell by some of the neighbor's action it would


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 2 -

be very interesting to learn how that neighbor got hold of such a peculiar sample whose strange composition can't be accounted for.)

3. Since the composition of the material dropped from above can't be reasonably accounted for, it is pointless to assume that the soldier-like substance might have dropped from flying electric wires hanging over the lady's backyard. This, nevertheless, was checked and no electric wires were aroused that special backyard, either hanging or otherwise. It is perhaps wise to state that neither wires nor any other suspended objects were found that could give an indication as to the origin of the molten material.

4. The lady never said that she had seen the material falling from any flying object; at the time she thought sometimes had flown awfully over her head, very low. It was a fleeting impression. Perhaps, she suggested, it had been a crow flying very low. (It is my contention that if a crow dropping is contain pure tin, hardly it would fall in molten state; this, I assure you all, is impossible even in South America.)

5. The lady attempted to catch with her bare hands the beautiful silvery material, but she hastily retrieved her hand on account of the intense heat. Thereupon, sort of scared, she started crying for help. Neighbors soon crowded around the rapidly solidifying material and just gaped at it.

6. Retired Professor Benedito G. Nascimento, an old friend of the family heard about the event and paid the lady a visit to see what was the nucleus about. After listening to the lady's details he suggested that the waste material had fallen from a flying saucer and urged the lady to get in touch with Mr. Danton Gomes, reporter of Campinas "O Correio Popular". The lady answered that her husband would not permit her to have her name publicly involved with such an insolito event, but she agreed to be interviewed at Mr. Nascimento's provided Danton kept her name secret.

7. During the previous days strange spinning flying objects had been seen flying low over Campinas, but there's a complete lack of evidence that flying saucers were seen in the skies precisely on the day of the famous dropping.

8. Mr. Nascimento caught the material and... (Let us quote him from his interview with a reporter from "O Globo" of Rio de Janeiro). This newspaper printed the story on December 24th 1954. Here's what Mr. Nascimento said: "Ten days ago, when a few flying saucers were seen flying over the town, a lady to whom I am acquainted invited me to pay her a visit. She told me she had something very important to show me, she told me then that she was in her backyard when she noticed three flying saucers in the sky. One of the objects, round, gray, spinning incessantly, dove over her backyard illuminating it intensely; at the same time the saucer dropped something like a silvery rain. After a few minutes my friend went to the place where the "rain" had fallen and found something shining. She bent to catch it but retrieved her hand because the heat was too strong. Then she asked me to pay her a visit. After catching the material that would have been dropped from a flying saucer, I went to the offices of "O Correio Popular", where accompanied by a reporter I delivered the material to a chemist for examination. I have written for "O Correio Popular" a few articles identifying the existence of the so called flying discs; later on, however, I was lucky enough to see one of these objects flying over Campinas, and I confess in another article in the same newspaper. I have no doubts that the silvery rain been by my friend was really originated by one of these saucers."

9. Reporter Danton Gomes was really original. According to Dr. Young Laboratorias where they met Dr. Visvaldo Maffei to whom they told what they knew, Dr. Maffei started his examination. The pronounced the material to be 88.91 % pure tin and 11.09 % oxidation. There were not the slightest traces of other metals such as lead, iron, antimony, etc. The impurity - Dr. Maffei was alleged to say - was due to contact with the air. Here's what Dr. Maffei said to "O Globo": "Tin 88.91 %. The material...


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 3 -

rial presented characteristics of high oxidation, such as tin in combination with oxygen known as tin oxide. No impurity was found in the analyzed material. This result refers only to the analyzed sample. Explaining further the written results of the analysis, Dr. Maffei told the "O Globe": "The material is exceptionally pure with no impurity, excepting oxygen. It is possible that the material contains infinitesimal amounts of other substances (sic) but this only a spectro-graphical examination would be able to reveal. The sample analyzed revealed pure tin without the presence of any other element (sic) common to tin, such as iron, lead, antimony, arsenic, etc. Even the purest tin used in our industry 99.99% pure has infinitesimal amounts of the aforementioned impurities in it. Metals with such a purity are generally found in meteorites, etc."

10. That night reporter Danton Gomes wrote the amazing story. During the week after "O Correio Popular" printed it, Danton received another call from Janson with the mysterious material. Apparently the "sauce" had showered the mysterious material all over Campinas. Non-communally Danton showed the material in a drawer and now and then would give a bit to souvenir collectors. When he wrote the story, for lack of a better name he called the incident "the silvery rain". The name stuck.

11. Soon the Brazilian Air Force go rid of what had happened in Campinas and wired its Base there to have the material collected from "O Correio Popular" and mail it urgently to the Headquarters of Fourth Aerial Zone in Sao Paulo, from where it would be mailed to the Air Ministry in Rio. (GZDV is in possession of photographic copies of the cables and the photo showing the chunk sent to the Air Ministry. Professor Charles Maney also keeps the two photos in his files.)

12. Just before the sample had been delivered to the Air Force, the reporter of "O Globe" went to the offices of "O Correio Popular" in order to see the material with his own eyes. Danton comes took from his pocket a kit-chen box of matches inside which were two bits of the material and said surprised: "Why? It seems that the 'thing' is disappearing! Since last Monday it was an unknown hole in Campinas. Or am I being the victim of a hallucination?" Professor Nascimento took a look and said "There's no doubting the fact. The 'thing' is disappearing! (I have interviewed Danton Gomes and he advised me not to believe too much in the contracting story. He said he could have been mistaken.)

13. Soon after GPDV was founded, in the spring of 1956, Escobar Faria, Luzzi Junior and I went to Campinas and heard straight from Danton Gomes lips the whole story again, without interruption. (See "The Flying Saucer" No. 7. At that time Danton gave me two bits of the waste material he was keeping in his desk drawer, making clear that they were not from the same chunk analyzed by Maffei.) Then on second thought he took back one of the bits and with a pocket-knife, cut it in two halves. He explained his attitude saying that he was now running out of "sauce-bita". Thus I left Campinas with 1 1/2 bit of material. I kept the two bits for a long time in my bill-folder. Once during a TV show about saucers, someone asked me for a bit of sauce, and I generously gave the fellow the bit. Danton had called me. I can't remember to whom I gave it. Later I sent the "whole" round bit I kept to Professor Charles A. Maney at The Deliance College, in Defiance, Ohio telling him the whole story.

14. Professor Maney soon after wrote me a letter and made a preliminary report about his finding. He said that Professor Nathan Motta had submitted the sample to four different tests and had not found the slightest trace of antimony. This was very strange because usually tin always keeps some traces of antimony. Furthermore, Professor Maney found the density of his sample to be 10.5 whereas "normal" tin has a density of 7.5. Cautiously Professor Maney asked for further details and later made a statement


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 4 -

about his and Professor Meltz' findings. CSDX got Professor Maney's permission to disclose the news and gave priority for publication to Dr. Meade Layne, director of B.R.S.A., Dr. Meade Layne published the story in "Clips, Quotes & Comment" of 9 of July 1957. (Those interested should write to BSRA, 3524 Adams Ave., San Diego 16, California).

15. When Professor Maney sent me his preliminary report, I wrote a note to five people and told them everything, requesting them to keep quiet for a while. Among these people was Lex Mebane of CSI of New York. When he learned that I soon would be meeting him in New York he wrote asking whether it would be possible for me to find another bit of the material sent to Professor Maney. At that moment I answered that it would be quite possible and in fact I made it public on October 15th this year. I would give to CSI of New York for analysis "the other half of the sample analysed by Professor Maney". Here's where I went wrong and spread more confusion on an already confused subject. I answered that before my departure for a trip in Europe and New York I went to Campinas and received from Danton the bit I considered the most interesting. At the time I was pretty sure that the half bit he had found among his papers. At the time I was pretty sure that the half bit was the same I had sent to Professor Maney. Later I would realize, that too profound a bit, had sent to "whole" and not a "crescent-shaped half bit". I had given to someone during a TV program. Then on the last week of October I arrived in New York and happily delivered to Lex his portion of the sample. Just looking at the two bits I see said, "Gee! don't they look like a soldier"? On the following night I went to see Lex and learned that I had brought him simply two bits of soldier. Can anybody imagine my discontinuance?

16. At once we called Professor Maney over the phone and told him what was happening. When he told us that the bit I had sent him was cut without any indication of having been cut, we all sighed. Then straining my memory I was able to ascertain that to be the same substance during a television program I had given the two halves of some soldering material.

17. Therefore the material analysed by Professors Meltz and Maney was not the same analysed by Lex Mebane. All I can say is, no way to be sure what the bit analysed by Dr. Maffei was from the same chuck analysed by Prof. Maney.

The last word about the "silvery rain" has not yet been said. When I saw Danton by the end of September, realizing how serious I was about the whole subject he answered soberly all my questions, and made a point of telling me-the truth even though the glamour of the story formerly told would disappear. Danton assumed the truth the lady who remained incognito in the "UFO Critical Bulletin" got Mr. Nascimento to interview the lady, Mrs. S.O. and published the questions and answers on Vol. I Nos. 11-12. Here's what Mrs. Nascimento asked her and what she answered:

Q. Did you really see the UFOs?
A. Yes.
Q. How many?
A. Three.
Q. Were they spinning?
A. Yes, like a rock.
Q. Please, state hour, day, month and year.
A. I don't remember. At the time I attached no importance to the event, but I recollect that the event took place in the morning, when I was in my poultry-yard.
Q. At what altitude were the UFOs?
A. I don't know, I don't understand such things, but I remember I saw those objects perfectly.
Q. Did the UFOs drop anything when you were looking at them?
A. Not when I was looking at them. But just after their passage some bits like metal fell near my feet and I am sure that they came from the space (also mine) because my house is high in a high wall. (I suppose the lady meant that it was impossible for someone to throw the molten material into her backyard. Editor).


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 5 -

Q. Please, describe the material.
A. It was like liquefied tin when I tell hear me, but soon after it solidified. It was quite hot and I only touched it some time later.

Q. Please, describe the UFO's shape.
A. The upper part looked like a hat, but the lower part was disc-shaped and flat like a record and spinning like a record on a phonograph. The three objects crossed northeast over my house and a hot house and rocky trail. (I have taken some liberty with the wording of this interview but the meaning has not been altered.)

By now readers will be prone to believe that there's something fishy about the "silvery rain" affair. It seems that the best step to be taken is to have material. Nasa, Canton Gomes, and the newspaper lady together had no doubt that UCB as well as CPDV are doing their best to give their readers a very accurate account of the "silvery rain" case, but is now obvious - tremendously obvious - that both CPDV and UCB can't be said to have at last gotten the truth.

I have found no passage in Dr. Maffei's statement from Dr. Visvaldo Maffei as soon as I arrived in Sao Paulo. I have attempted to contact him, but he seems to be the most elusive man. Even the Young Laboratory refuses to give me any address for that matter. It seems that Maffei moved to Sao Paulo and the laboratory was definitely closed. My brother who lives in Campinas is helping Danton in the search for Maffei. I hope that before this bulletin is written we will have another item about the same subject.

I think it is now the right time to transcribe the post-scriptum of a letter dated September 22nd written by Dr. Olavo Pontes. I only read the letter recently because on September 23rd I boarded a plane to Europe and returned only 40 days later. I quote the P.S.:

"I was closing this letter when a information that leads me to write what follows. In 'APRO Bulletin' of July there was an article written by myself about the Campinas case. Two weeks later I received a letter from an American astronomer (a friend of mine) asking me to find a bit of the material dropped over Campinas and have it sent to him. With the sample he would have it analyzed by one of his friends now with the USAF. This USAF man is much interested in UFOs and it was his suggestion that drives my friend astronomer to write to me. Then we would have the result already obtained confirmed by an analysis made inside the USAF. This, as you see, would be of inestimable value to us."

"Bearing all this in mind I sent a message to Campinas. The messager met the newspaper man Joel Gomes (probably Danton Gomes' boss, whoever Joel may be) who I knew still had a small sample of the material. But the messenger learned that the sample had been delivered to you on the previous Saturday. My voyage was then postponed."

"Since you are now in possession of the mentioned material, could you please give me a small portion of it so I could have it for the aforementioned analysis? Of course I assume that you and CPDV are interested in cooperating with me. It is clear that we will give you priority in announcing the results. (No, dear Dr. Pontes, CPDV does not care for seconds.) It is only after truth and you may be sure that from now on we will do our best to get you a sample. Editor, personally I don't want any publicity and would act only as a CPDV member, or if you wish as an in-between. (Thank you Dr. Pontes, you are a very noble man and I wish all researchers were like you. Ed.)."

"Please, let me know what is your decision. If it is impossible, I'll take the simple, never mind, I'll try to get a bit from the sample kept by the Brazilian Air Force. This will be difficult, but by no means impossible. I am so much concerned to achieve what I aim that I will only be discouraged after finding all doors closed to me. The astronomer I have mentioned lives in New Mexico and is a relatively reliable. I take all responsibility for that."

"Good bye now. I still hope that you be able to help me. If by any chance you don't answer me, I can put you in direct contact with the astronomer. Yours, Olavo Pontes."


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 6 -

Lex Mebane thought that Dr. Visvaldo Maffei never existed and that there was a possibility that the Campinas case were just "another well cooked hoax". For that reason when I went to see him I was well stocked with photos of Dr. Maffei, Danton Gomes and Mr. Nascimento. It has been so far impossible to find Dr. Maffei, but eventually he will be found. Danton told me Dr. Maffei still has a good-sized hit of the ways material and I think I shall be able to give it to Dr. Fontes the all important material. If this fails all we have to do is to make an offensive against the Air Force and try to find the "misplaced" big chunk they got from Danton Gomes. It may take some time, but the case is by no means hopeless.

SAUCERS OVER THE "HOT" AREA

Those who have read our last issue are acquainted with we call the "hot" area in Brazil. Saucers just "love" to fly over that strip where most of Brazilian radioactive minerals are located. Perhaps the fact that the area is "hot" is pointing some saucers are seen everywhere and this includes that area roughly in Brazil but in the whole world, but the fact remains that in Brazil the hovering of saucers and its re-balls over that region is a funny "coincidence".

From our correspondent in Vitoria, Estate of Espirito Santo, northeast of Rio de Janeiro, we have received two clippings from "A Tribuna" a local newspaper and a letter saying that a daughter had witnessed the flight of one of the UFO's. Mr. Bento Mangueira Filho, our correspondent can be reached through P.O.Box 257, Vitoria, Brazil. Here's what the "A Tribuna" printed on August 31:

"Interviewed by our reporters Mr. Delmar Ramos de Almeida said that the day before, listening to Radio Nacional in Rio he had heard that a flying saucer had been seen flying over the sky of the Espirito Santo. This he said was very true, because I also witnessed it. I and other friends were playing ball at Saldanha da Gama Club around 18:30 o'clock, when we saw a strange object flying overhead. We thought it was an aircraft in fire, because it disappeared behind the penha, where the airport is located. We could not take any picture, in trouble that they knew of."

On the following day the "A Tribuna" printed this:

"Once again a strange object was seen over our skies, this time circling very low in the outskirts of town. Messers Jose G. Miranda, Nailson Bassini and Ismalio Gouveia witnessed about the happening and they are sure that they have seen a saucer. The thing was about 6 meters in diameter, round, like a plate. They observed a reddish light flowing through what looked like small windows in the center of the flying object. They said the body of its superior part (upper part) toward their direction and then the thing climbed swiftly and was lost. So again. We are never the Saldanha da Gama Club and we tried to stop passing cars in order to get more witnesses, but only one car stopped. We told the occupant what it was about and he (a local inhabitant) said: 'I don't ask his name, but he lives near the Saldanha. The thing happened at 22:00 o'clock (22:01 GMT)."

After reading these two items in "A Tribuna", our correspondent (just appointed) wrote:

"My daughter, 11 years old, very clever and causing the 4th grade, told me that while she was playing with her friends about 13:00 (22:00 GMT) on the evening of August 30th, they all sighted in the sky a luminous red body, like a ball, doing a strange evolving, now hovering then moving, before disappearing at a high speed toward the sea. My daughter told me her tale soon after but I did not pay much attention until I read in "A Tribuna", which I enclose."

NOTE FROM THE EDITOR: You will notice that most of the saucers seen over the hot areas are most of the time described as a ball of fire. Strange indeed is the fact that usually the fire-balls are red, whereas in other parts of Brazil they are common green fire-balls.

OF the sightings mentioned above at least one was travelling on a northeast direction toward to the benefit of Dr. Leon Lavillon I can say that there are several AF fields around the area, but it is simply obvious that on these fields no secret American or Brazilian devices are being experimented.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 7 -

paying almost daily visits to Campinas and it was suggested that the "silvery rain" fell from a saucer.

"Who suggested it?" Well, that is going to be rather difficult to explain. But I am trying to do it now. Be it clear that I would simply "love" to be able to proof that the waste material fell from a saucer, but we all are seeking truth. Let us have it as it stands now.

Complying with Professor Maney's suggestion, I went to Campinas on September 14th. I had a hard time locating reporter Danton Gomes of "O Correio Popular". It was a Saturday night and when I found him, he was in a hurry to check the news - would broadcast by station P.R.C.9, Indaiatuba (incidentally Campinas has not yet reached 160,000 inhabitants). Then we made an engagement for the following day at 15:30 at his home where he had a file containing data about the saucer that dropped waste material.

On the appointed time I was there and impressed upon him the necessity of having the whole incident revised for truth's sake. Danton said everyone was sort of hazy in his memory, but he answered satisfactorily almost all my questions. We talked for about two hours and to his chagrin Benton was unable to watch a television (or television) foot-ball game. Below an enclosure of questions and answers:

Q. Remember the UFO incidents on December 20th 1954?
A. Yes. Here are clippings of papers to help my memory, but I don't think I used then to recollect everything.

Q. Does Dr. Visvaldo Maffei exist?
A. Sure.

Q. I have been unable to locate him. His name is not inscribed in the Telephone Directory either here or São Paulo. Where does he live?
A. In São Paulo and I have seen him a few weeks ago. He works here at the Young Laboratories and his home is in São Paulo. Here is his picture taken by our photographic reporter during the analysis of the material.

Q. Can I get in touch with him?
A. Call him long distance next monday. (I have found no time; no time really.)

Q. Who is the lady who saw the material falling from the UFO?
A. Sorry, I have kept her name unknown at her express request. Her husband is an important person in the known time that she was the one who was getting so much publicity. But since it seems necessary, I can take you to see her, provided you keep your mouth shut about her name. I can have lived in Campinas and I think you know her. I can fix this today if her husband is not around. (I had no time that day, but I mean to see her.)

Q. So she is unable to sign an affidavit?
A. Quite. Besides she has not seen the material falling from the UFO. While she was feeding her chickens, the thing fell; at the same time, it seems, she had the impression that something had flown overhead, but positively she saw nothing.

Q. Could someone have thrown the molten material from, let us say, a high window?
A. Yes that would be quite possible, but we checked every window around her backyard. No dice. When the molten material did not fall, she extended her arm to get it but it was not that before touching it she retrieved her hand and called her neighbors to see this amazing thing.

Q. Many neighbors around? I thought it was an almost desert place.
A. By no means. In fact she lives so near the offices (Correio Popular's) that it was very easy to get in contact with her; her home is less than 100 meters from the offices.

Q. Where does Mr. Benedito Gonçalves come in?
A. He is an old friend of the lady. He arrived casually and said it had almost certainly fallen from a UFO. After Dr. Maffei's analysis it became a certainty at least for him. Since we could not interview the lady at her home on


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 8 -

account of her husband morbid jealousy, so Mr. Bencidio Goncalves undertake to take the lady to his own home at ua Major Solon, where we could interview her without any danger of her husband arriving suddenly. (Instr. this lovely Ed.) To make things safer, Mr. Goncalves spoke as though he had seen it and that the "would be some of his neighbors.

Q. It seems that he described the fall of the material as a "silvery rain". How was that? Who saw any silvery rain?

A. (SMILING) I guess I am guilty of that. When I saw the material it looked like new silver and since it fell from the sky, or from some place overhead, I had to give it a name and I thought "silvery rain" sounded good. What do you think?

Q. (I can't print what I said about my opinion). Was it a hoax?

A. Positively no. What gives it substance is that the analysis showed something unusual, according to Dr. Maff. When I gave him the sample, he started his analysis while I watched and he became suddenly so amazed that he said he had to study it awhile more. On the following day he gave me the result, still amazed, chunk containing 88.91 % tin and 11.09 % oxidation; taking out the oxidation, by contact with the air, the tin was 100 % pure.

Q. What about the material contracting?

A. (ANOTHER SMILE) Well... I would not pay much attention to that detail...

Q. Why not? It is important.

A. You see... When I was showing the material to someone, on the following day, I thought the thing had diminished in size and I exclaimed, "What do you know? The thing seems to be disappearing"; beside me was Mr. Goncalves, who said: "Yes, indeed! It is disappearing." Then we delivered the material to the Air Force and saw no more of it.

EXPLANATION: When last October, CDNY members heard the story, Danton and his boss Infantino, last October, Escoba Faria and Luzi Junior that the chunk held by the aeronautical authorities was still contracting. All of us believed the tale and your editor was fool enough to pass the tale around. I humbly confess that I was a sucker to have believed it. Perhaps the thing is really contracting, but "Who can be sure about anything now? Mea culpa."

Q. Then it was just an impression?

A. Yes. We really thought the thing was contracting, but I would not sign an affidavit for it.

Q. Who then saw the rotating gray disc?

A. Practically the whole town, Mr. Goncalves included.

Q. Heck!!

A. I know how you feel about that...

Q. Heck!! Did Dr. Maffei said that the material came from another planet or something like that?

A. No. He said he was amazed because even when tin is produced in laboratories for some purpose, and is considered absolutely pure, there is an infinitesimal trace of other impurities which were not present in the sample; the only impurity found was oxidation, by contact with our atmosphere.

Q. Did he accept that it fell from a saucer?

A. No. He said that if it contains tin, it would be possible to explain the material as fallen from that body and that a spectrographic analysis would be necessary to ascertain whether an infinitesimal particle of other ore were present in the sample. The press gang tried hard to make him commit himself, but I remember clearly that he never said that the thing fell from another planet or originated in another planet. I think he was broad-minded about the saucer, but was very careful with his words.

Q. Do you know anything about the sample being sent to the United States Air Force?

A. I don't think so.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

16,000 FT 250 DES 16 WTS; 13,000 FT 250 DES 25 WTS; 16,000 FT 250
DES 45 WTS; 20,000 FT 250 DES 25 WTS; 36,000 FT 250 DES 90 WTS;
NO REMARKS AT HIGHER ALT.

TO NO CEILING

70 VISIBILITY 15 MILES
70 30/DESERT NO CLOUD COVER
70 NONE
1 NONE
2 NONE
3 NONE
10 NONE
11 NONE
12 ASST OPERATIONS OFFICER, MAJOR ROBERT M. PERIGO COMMENTS: DUE
TO LACK OF OTHER SUBSTANTIATING REPORTS OR EVIDENCE, NO ANALYSIS
IS POSSIBLE. WEATHER BUREAU, RADAR FACILITIES AND CONTROL TOWERS
IN THE AREA WERE CHECKED WITH NEGATIVE RESULTS.

53/634352 DEC JMTLN


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 9 -

Q. Do you believe saucers exist?
A. I can't help it, but I don't know what they are. I am open-minded. I have no right to doubt certain people. During the saucer flap I got a stiff neck from so much looking up.

Q. About a year ago you told me that more than thirty people brought you samples of UFO material from over more than a year's different periods.
A. Yes. That was after we printed the lady's story -- or Mr. Gonzales story if you prefer it this way. We went to some places to photograph the "drops" as you can see in this photo. I would not believe that all the material brought to the office were similar.

Q. The sample examined by Dr. Maffei was the same sent to the Air Ministry?
A. Yes.

Q. What about the one you gave me last year, which I sent to Professor Maney?
A. That was a bit brought from someone. I don't remember who, together with many other bits. I have kept with me half of the portion you cut and sent to Prof. Maney. Here it is. You may take it to your friend Mebane and if anything remains after the analysis, bring it back. Take this other piece to, but mind you, it from another spot and brought by another person. The two samples you have now, are not from the same fall. Take all these photos and clippings and bring them back.

EXPLANATION: Last October, when I first interviewed Danton, with a pocketknife I cut a small bit, two halves and kept one which I later sent to Prof. Maney, the other half I am delivering to Lex. D. Mebane of Civilian Saucer Investigation of New York, personally next October 15th or around that day. Since I think the Post Office might misplace the package, I'll though it better to deliver it personally. This personal delivery is only a question of opportunity, since I have to be in New York on October 15th. Therefore don't imagine that I am going to New York only for that.

Time is running short. I am starting a trip to Europe and America next monday, September 23 -- today is 21 -- and I am still typing this bulletin, greatly from "the head" to the stencil; there are simply many things I still have to do and that's why I was unable to see Dr. Maffei and the "lady". I promise you all that I'll do it when I come back at the end of October.

I would like to be honest with you all. In order to be honest I have to confess the three previous bulletins were made these last two weeks, and that I am awfully tired of typing, thinking, mimeographing, stamping, mailing, etc. So to make this bulletin shorter, I inserted this question & answer style, which could be fixed differently in six or seven typed lines. You know, I am trying to get it over with. I still have page 10 to do.

It seems that Bulletin No. 8 will contain something about this "silvery rain" affair. One thing is certain: Professor Maney's and Dr. Maffei's analysis are correct. The material analyzed is unusual, and we have to find out whence this came from. So far it was not possible to explain whence the thing came, but it fell from somewhere about the "lady's head".

I am fully aware that I'm offering the readers some sort of anti-climax. I am sorry that many people will be disappointed and once again I apologize for having believed that the material was seen falling from the UFO. I trust that Mr. Escobar Faria and Luzi Junior who were with me at the time will back me in what I have said or written about the subject.

Then, summing up, something fell from somewhere at a time when UFOs were swarming over Campinas (the County contains 3,000,000 inhabitants). There is a possibility that the thing fell from the UFO, chiefly because the unusual characteristics of the sample analyzed that can't be accounted for.


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 10 -

longer be done. If the members and subscribers wish the organization and publica-
tion to continue, the treasury must have more income from new members and subscrip-
tions. Donations would be most welcome. The situation is critical. If this condition
is not corrected within the next 30 days A.P.H.Q. will be discontinued.

I regret that that is happening Bob, but it is written in the stars: "No success-
ian organization will be long-lived". However I think there's a way to keep alive
the "search for truth" of our group. I now propose a plan that will at the same
our heads (mine is bald) and talk things over. Perhaps we can fix a way to contra-
lize good reporting and money to support just one serious "organization". I would
suggest NICAP. NICAP would then have some more money and material to go on inves-
tigating and publishing its magazine. The magazine perhaps could take ads to
help its printing costs etc. It could be printed in three different languages and
have world wide circulation. All serious saucers world be representatives now
only for information but as well to get new subscribers, etc. This way, I think,
all of us would be really help solving the mystery -- would really be help ing
the deciphering of the riddle. Of course, to increase "our vanity" we can contri-
bute articles and so on. These articles, if good, would be printed, if not good
would be sent flying to the round file.

But I am a dreamer.

At any rate, it is regretable that Bob Gribble is facing a crisis. It is said
in Brazil "vendo as barbas de vizinho" outro, ponha as mãos de molho, meaning
"If you see fire burning your neighbor's beard, soak yours in water just in case."

That reminds me. Starting January 1958 "The Flying Saucer" will be costing
50 cents per issue. Correspondents and saucer investigators will receive it a
your remittances by checks payable in the United States, to Auriphelio Barranco
Simões. Any bank will do. Don't send postal Order or International Coupon-Reponse
because coupons are not enough to pay for the stamps, they are only for simple
cards, although nominally they are worth much more. For instance Mr. S. F. Bigows
has sent me two 76 cents in GRI in Brazilian Currency it is worth CR$ 15,00
in stamps, but if Mr. Bigows sent 78 cents in check it would be worth CR$ 62,40.
See the difference? Someone - I don't know who and where, from - has sent me some
money by postal Order. It has been so difficult to squeeze "no order out of the
lost Office, because it came addressed to CIDY, that I have given up receiving
the money. Twelve months from now the money will be sent back to whoever mailed
it, I hope.

AT LAST

Well, readers, we are catching up with the schedule. Bulletin No. 8 will be
issued by middle November. Your editor is taking a long deserved beautiful vaca-
tion. He will be seeing some of you follows both in Europe and in the States.
Good by now.

CENTRO DE PESQUISA DOS DISCOS VOADORES - CPDY - Caixa Postal 8449 - S.Paulo,Brazil

Bulletin No. 7
August 1957.

P.S. - Help NICAP help you. Be a member. Its address is 1536 Connecticut Avenue,
Washington 6, D.C. - U.S.A.

P.P.S. - When requesting your membership subscription, send $ 7,50; you will be
receiving "The UFO Investigator" exactly the magazine you need to know in


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

CIGAR-SHAPED WHITING OVER BRAZIL

Very seldom a cigar-shaped something flies over Brazil. Most of the time we have been visited by "saucers" and "sailing" because here, three-four years ago some years down here, when they appear in the back lands got scared and deswamped, give three-column attention.

A with from Minas do Sul, published by "Ultima Hora" on September 3, says that an immensely illuminated object flying at very high speed was seen last Sunday by residents of Ponte Nova, in the Zona da Mata, near Belo Horizonte, in the zone at the same time a group of persons fishing near Mimoso do Sul at the club-community near Cachoeiro de Itapemirim, according to one of our correspondents. Mr. Alcides dos Anjos, he was fishing at night and was perhaps sleeping when he became wide awake by the intense light coming from a cigar-shaped object. The craft "passed" the place flying low, however, nothing was reported, but the light was intensely strong and came from a great height. According to the same source, Conceicao do Itapemirim, on the road from Rio to Vitoria, reported seeing the same strange craft.

AIR MINISTER: "I DON'T BELIEVE IN SAUCERS"

Interviewed by the newspaper "Ultima Hora" of Rio de Janeiro, about the occurrence of saucers, the chief of the Aeronautics said he does not believe in saucers, attending their alleged appearances lately to some analysis. "Besides," the Air Force has many more serious things to busy itself with." (Does this sound familiar?)

F.B.I. AT WORK

There's an Aeronautical Technological Center in Sao Jose dos Campos, near Sao Paulo, and very nearby it, a group of investigators, stealing and putting their heads together, offer blue-prints, screw-pieces of steel and aluminum, trying to do something different. In Sao Paulo, newspapers not trying to build a saucer, almost. Among the brain follows its Comandrao Rosa, in one glider who is also investigating the mysterious case. Newspaper "O Globo" for good reason, everything a saucer fly around Sao Paulo, newspaper man much to Sao Jose said. Colonel Aldo was pleased by reporters from newspaper, radio, television and movies. Whenever someone has a "bright" idea about flying saucers, Colonel Aldo was again plagued by visitors. Not long ago, our friend Fidelia went to Sao Mose and told Colonel Aldo about his experience with the spy from Jacarepagua. Also the fellow patiently and burst laughing when Fidelia said that the F.B.I. was trying again in Sao Paulo. The F.B.I. agent in Sao Paulo was named Auripheho Carranca Simoes!

Powers, then, bear readers. This bulletin is being typed by a F.B.I. man! Can you believe it? About 1 do to receive my scrap? Can't I romantic?

LET US HAVE IT STRAIGHT.

Your Editor has been noticing that the story of waste material dropped by a UFO over Campinas, back in 1954 is becoming a little discussed, therefore, he thinks this issue is worth publishing. The letter is from Dr. Neale Heyne in May 28, 1957. The letter is self explanatory.

Dear Dr. Meale Heyne:

Even if I chose carefully I would find no words to thank you for kindness and everything you have done on behalf of CDBY since it began to try it was such a cog on the path of what is generally known as research. In fact I would like you to know that out of ten, at least eight of the new subscribers to "The Flying Saucer" mention your enthusiasm.

[The rest of the text continues but is partially cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 4 -

saucer circles, upon my request. It was kept under wraps because the name of Professor Charles Maney was involved. Now I have his permission to disclose the news and here is the story:

A few weeks ago I sent to Professor Maney for examination, a piece of non-ferrous material from a UFO-like thing on December 20 1954, in Campinas. At the time this material was examined by Dr. Vivaldo Maffei and the results together with the pertinent story were published by Olaya, notes and comments more than 12 months ago. I think the story you printed was sent by Bocobar P., rio, former President of CBPV and actually on his own with his "UFO Critica Bulletin". If you can review the story as printed by CQC, you will see that Dr. Vivaldo Maffei had said that the material was of high rareness "hardly found in the market". Professor Maney, however, who recently submitted the material to several tests, sent a letter to me on April 27th, containing some astonishing news. I am quoting from his letter:

"I can make a partial report to you on the bit of non-ferrous metal which you so kindly sent to me for examination. Professor Maney, from the department of Chemistry at Defiance College reported to me on some tests which he made of this material. He broke a bit of the material down to test for tin and antimony. His tests indicated very pure tin within the delightful trace of antimony. The significance of this finding is that the material gives the appearance of being non-terrestrial in origin. Both in natural state as found in the ore, as well as in the processed states used in plating iron, tin investigation, contains some antimony. The antimony is not removed from the tin investigation. Professor Heltz was astonished when he tested this material and found that, unlike the common tests, the common test as well as these not so well known tests. The common tests to take a silver coin, place a fine strip of tin over the coin in a hydrochloric acid solution. If any antimony is present in the sample tested, the silver coin will get black from the presence of antimony. Professor Meltz also used the Rhodamin test, the Pyridine test, and the Pyrogallol test. None of these tests showed the slightest trace of antimony.

"I made a determination of the density of the material and found it to be 10.3 times as heavy as water. However, the density of terrestrial tin is given as 7.3. This difference in density is not explainable from the analysis so far. Professor Meltz is to continue his study of this sample.

"I have a letter dated April 2 1956 from our mutual friend Jose Escobar Faria in which Dr. Faria reported on the analysis of one other sample of the same material by the chemist Dr. Vivaldo Maffei, of Sao Paulo I believe. I quote from his letter: 'The chemical examination, analysis, by Dr. Maffei resulted, as he said, in an alloy of tin together with other unknown metals; its composition was as follows: high way of tin in great pureness 88,91 per cent, unusual in this planet, because the terrestrial impurity by presence of lead, antimony, iron and other ores.'

"You will note that both Dr. Maffei and Professor Meltz found no trace of antimony with the tin, very unusual for this planet.

"I am of the opinion that this incident, because of the peculiar character of the non-ferrous material, seen to have fallen from UFO's might prove to be one of the most significant so far observed."

[The rest of the text continues but was cut off in the image]


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

- 5 -

5. Dr. Visvaldo Maffei. (So far I have not located him, therefore I suppose he knows nothing of what I refer to - either think.)

On May 19th I received another letter from Professor Haney. He granted me permission to quote from everything contained in any of his letters. He told me that on May 21st he would give a public lecture (Auditorium expected 2,000) in Toledo, sponsored by the Society of Professional Engineers, when he would present the campaign case. He also sent a copy of a statement he would make, which I transcribe below. "This statement as you see is much more sober or less sensational than the subject of his letter of April 27th and by the same token it presents the case in a much better way."

Now I am sure that all readers are sensible enough to understand that Professor Haney in his statement presented the case more soberly, because when writing to a newspaper fellow one feels more at ease to tell exactly what one thinks. However, when a statement is made, "All persons" in a case of a fact to make it as cold as facts are, without the opinion that although intrinsically existing, might tend to prove a proposition VO & a preconceived way of thinking. For this reason, then, I wrote to Dr. Leyns that the statement was less emotional, less traditional, and was to be praised for his sobriety and I am sure than ever that I have sent the sample of this material to the right person. Editor.

Here is Professor Haney's statement:

During the months of November and December of 1954 a series of remarkable close-range sightings of UFOs were observed in Southern Brazil. One of these interesting events took place on December 20, 1954 in the city of São Paulo, a city of 300,000 population in the state of São Paulo. Three flying discs flew over the city dropping magnetic material. The discs were circular in shape, of gray color, and exhibited two sections, one of which revolved incessantly.

[The rest of the text continues but is partially cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 6 -

by Dr. Maffel which showed tin free from the usual impurities found in that element in both the natural and processed state. Professor Meltz was particularly interested in making careful tests to see if any trace of antimony was present in the sample.

It seems that wherever tin is found in the natural state or used in processed form, as in the plating of cans, the ordinary research chemist can separate the antimony from the tin, but it is almost never done, and when done, for only research purposes.

Professor Weitz broke down two test for tin and antimony only. He applied four different tests: (1) the conventional test, using a silver coin and a strip of tin in a hydrochloric acid solution; (2) the rhodanin test; (3) the potassium iodide and pyrazine test; (4) and the pyrazolol test. None of these tests showed the slightest trace of antimony, a result that seemed to amaze Prof. Meltz.

The density of this small sample was found to be 10.3 whereas the density of tin (given in published tables) is 7.3.

This whole matter is being investigated further.

(signed) Charles A. Maney.

Prior to the letter of Professor Maney I did not attach too much importance to the sample I had sent him, because, as you know, there are too many practical jokers everywhere in the world and dealing with flying successes you can be never sure of who's who and what's what. But after a long discussion with some people and here's something interesting:

"...what seems much more extraordinary to me is the density of 10.3 found by Professor Maney. If I am correctly interpreting 'success' and 'analysis', the sample consisted of tin to the extent of 88.5 % (plus 11.1 % of unspecified non-metallic) material). Now, the density of 7.3 (the value of 6.6 you quote is for an allotropic form, stable at high temperatures only) ordinary tin is 13. There are several other allotropes, but this is very one that will be encountered at normal temperatures. No doubt you anticipate the point, which has also been alluded to by Professor Maney, who says that a material must possess a density of 34. And there is literally nothing that can match. Continuing, the density of 22.5 (and is only 11.5) probably some of the "unknown metallic" denser than osmium, but only by a little; ordinary uranium is 18.7.

"This is proof positive of non-terrestrial origin. - If the two figures quoted are both correct, and both refer to the same substance, I was set that a much more likely explanation has 10.3 or the 22.5, is that Dr. Maffel and Professor Maney were not dealing with identical samples. In fact I am very skeptical about the supposed matter of density 34. It would also mean to be an element far above uranium - and this would unquestionably be so radio-active that the stuff would remain permanently molten, or even spontaneously boil and evaporate from the heat of its own decay. Sensational, but unlikely."

"There's a funny thing here, Dr. Layar: the person whom I have quoted in the lines above, knew nothing of the fact that the sample sent to the Air Ministry, while observed by some people in Campinas, was noticeably contracting and it is still this, I will do. Would this be some sort of decaying without boiling? Then, I think, the chunk would be radio-active, but I don't know of any measurement. Will the Geiger-counter having been made with this Air Ministry sample, I am quitting further from the letter received from the above mentioned source."

"Assuming that the density of 10.3 is correct (and Professor Maney is, after all, a teacher of physics), something comes into mind. A well-known alloy commonly known as galax. The density given is so high that it implies a solder composed of 75 % lead, 20 % tin, and 10 % cadmium. (The solder used by plumbers, which has the lowest lead content of common types, contains 50 % lead, 37.5 % tin and 12.5 % antimony). Still it is no more convincing. One may also think of fusible metals, much used's metal, which might be hard, such as Wood's metal, (which contains cadmium) do not as a rule contain more than 50 % lead, and among those I have seen the densities, none exceeds 9.8 in density. So there could be no explanation of the 10.3 density... However, I do note that Dr. Maffel seems to say what lead was absent. If so, this simple way of accounting for the high density is inapplicable."


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

- 7 -

cable, and something very strange must be present; if there is only 11.1 % of
it, something very strange indeed. I would like to check on the load contents
before accepting this conclusion.

NOTE: I neglected requesting permission from the last quoted missive to his advisors in this connection. I assume that it is easily detectable that he is an imagist has some peculiar reason. According to my opinion he is one of the soberest saucer-believers and it is noteworthy that although accepting who possibilities herein inferred, he still wishes to check about his contents and to have a doubt in his mind about the samples analyzed both by himself and many being the same. My incognito missive is quite right. Dr. Mariel analyzed the samples sent to the Air Ministry, whereas Professor Maney emailed another bit from what was material said to have fallen over the roofs of several houses in the area where the silvery rail fell. So let us be clear about it: the material analyzed by Dr. Kuffel and by Professor Maney were from the same chunk, although allegedly they fell from the same UFO.

Editor.

Well, Dr. Meade Layne, this is the piece of news I had for you. I can't be sure but it is almost a certainty that Dr. Mariel did not find any lead in the sample he analyzed. You may check the result of his analysis in "Clips, Quotes & Comments" of about a year ago. I am doing this to be well how long it will take to have positive or definite results. I am doing my best to locate Dr. Mariel and see whether I can get another sample of the material, to have it analyzed by yet another good chemist down here.

It has approached very much you couching of the "dear dear dollar". It sounded amusing. Of course you can make any use of this letter and make all necessary corrections. Whenever you find "my English" too obscure or too harsh.

My best wishes to the progress of B.S.R.A. and your personal happiness.

Cordially yours,
(signed)Auriglebo B. Simoes, Director of Intelligence and Incognition, C.A.P.D.V.

I assume that readers have noticed the title of this entry: "Let us have it straight". There's a reason for the title and there's a reason for telling the facts from the beginnings. The Editor of "The Pilgrim Saucer" feels his responsibility for the introduction or misinterpretation of this whole case and because transcriptions and abridgements are as rule subject "little improvements" sometimes. All persons herein mentioned and the organizations to which they belong are entitled to be considered as bona fide sources of information for the present case. The thing is serious enough without any fantasy being introduced. Pretty soon readers will have some more details. Thank you.


- page 19 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

INST THE PRETTY?

The trouble with us is that we are too Latin. CIDV is some sort of bank for sauce literature, associates generally come to the offices (service's vacant sleeping room at your editor home) to borrow books, magazines and know what is cooking. OF course "the A.F.R.O. Bulletin", May, 1957 was passed around with other magazines for English reading saucers-fans. Almost without exception saucer-fans became Coral E. Lorenzen's fans, exclaiming although it were a pass word "Good isn't she pretty?" Yes, she is. Pretty and clever too, with a very seldom go together. Of course Mrs. Lorenzen would (and husband too, I think) like people dwelt a little less on such personal slanders, but then as that "Latinsare lousy lot..." I have almost said that. Seriously now. "The Apro Bulletin" has always been a good magazine, but now that it is freed itself from that green-printing ink and has we have got to know how Mrs. Lorenzen look like it is still better. (Comment of the Editor's wife: "What a nice dress!")

LEN IS STILL AT IT

During the week of June 22 - 28, CRIFO Director Len Stringfield and his charming wife Dell made their first - and much-too-brief - visit to New York City. Most of the officers of CSI had the opportunity to meet the Stringfields at Mary Cory's home on June 25th we wish it had been possible for then too meet all the local CSI members, many of whom were subscribers to the CRIFO Orbit and Newsletter. Len is currently hard at work on his forthcoming booklet, which will be published some time this fall. We have borrowed this piece of news from CSI Newsletter - Issue no. 8 of July 25, 1957. By the way: Do you like Truth as ugly as it is? (Read CSI News Letter and see what is now beginning to happen to contactees and miracle-making people.)

THE LONG JOHN PROGRAM

Do me a favor, fellow saucer fan. Please read CSI News Letter - Issue No. 8 and see what is now beginning to happen to Vay Hassel and is soon going to happen to minor fry. I bet you laugh head off reading it.

WILLY LEY

CSI News Letter has recently published a statement by "a veteran UFO skeptic", Mr. Willy Ley, who said he has been in the saucer investigation business for six years. Because he was "more or less forced into it". He added that flying saucers are either natural phenomena (a very good point indeed) or visitors from other planets, a notion he is inclined to disbelieve. He said that in 1947 when all this was new and quite a novelty, he was for a few years just an opinion or a judgement or a lie. Ley; he may be wrong there. It may be true that the Government is not flying disc-shaped aircraft. Mr. Ley has not committed himself on anything saying that, who forced him into the investigation business? What is the real Government knowledge about saucers? Why does the Government take such a policy of confusion about the whole affair? Has Mr. Ley pledged his word that he would do his best to conceal the truth? Perhaps the Government is not trying to cover, about what? The saucer problem? If it is a natural phenomenon, why was not the Government so frank about it? So far, so confused, then the Government does not come out into the open and


- page 20 -

No Case Information only

RAFT ATCH 207283 (?)
Dated: 21 Dec

from Panama
containing 3 article
from Spanish newspaper
now front of sighting
have be associated with
wx balloon.

(Top right corner also shows: 21 Dec 1954, Panama)


- page 21 -

There is very little legible text on this page. The only clearly readable text is a signature or notation at the bottom right of the image that appears to say "Dec 27 1954".

The image itself is a black and white photograph showing an urban cityscape with multiple buildings of varying heights, including some taller buildings and what seems to be a church or government building with a spire in the background. At the top of the image, there appears to be a blurry, indistinct object that might be related to the UFO report, but its details are not clear.


- page 22 -

Mute

IN

31 DEC 1954 03.01
53 1774
11289

ACTN/INFO

PF JESEN JCOST JCMDF JEPG JUCO 555

5.7/6332

PO COMDR ELLINGTON AFB TEX
TO JCDEN/COMDR ADC ENT AFB COLO
JCDEN/COMDR ATIC WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
JCPGO/COMDR STAF WACO TEX
JCPRO/CDIR OF INTEL HQ USAF WASHDC
INFO JCDEN/COMDR ATIC SCOTT AFB ILL
-1616-A USAF/ATIC AFB 620-2, DTD 26 AUG 53.

BASEBALL
WHITE
ONE
NA
NONE
NONE
FLICKERING


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

The Man Who is Ushering
in the Space Station Satellite
which will stay in the air
year around.

During 150 ft
man, crew 25-
will be able to
handle plane
from earth to
satellite also
will handle all
types of machinery
that will man same.

At the bottom of the page, there is a location marker that reads:
Bronx 57, New York


- page 24 -

JANUARY 1955 SIGHTINGS

[The document contains a table with columns for Date, Location, Observer, Goto, and Evaluation. Many entries are blacked out, but the visible text includes:]

Locations include:
- Chicago, Illinois
- Cochin, New Mexico (CASE MISSING)
- Williamsburg, Virginia (CASE MISSING)
- St. Ignace, Michigan
- Trinidad
- Bradenton, Florida
- Tynall AFB, Florida
- Falls Church, Virginia
- Queens, NYC, New York
- Jersey City, New Jersey
- Salona Beach, California
- Mt. Laguna, California
- Forsyth, Georgia

Observers are mostly listed as Military, with some Civilian (Unknown)

Evaluations include:
- Insufficient Data
- Astro (SATURN/MARS)
- Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
- Aircraft
- Astro (METEOR)
- Other (REFLECTION FROM WITHIN AIRCRAFT)
- Balloon
- Other (GROUND LIGHT)
- UNIDENTIFIED

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES):
- Winter 54 or 55, Alaska (Letter from Foster)
- Jan, Wilmington, California (UFO Investigator)
- Jan, Oregon

Evaluation for the additional sightings: Meteor Landing


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

JUNE 33

2. LOOKED UP AFTER SETTING OUT OF AUTOMOBILE
25 WE NEW ELEVATION UNCERTAIN SO DEG AZIMUTH
20 WE NEW ELEVATION INCREASE IN 362 DEG AZIMUTH
21 STRAIGHT LINE OF FLIGHT WITH NO MANEUVERS
22 5 FAST
27 5 SECONDS
3A GROUND-VISUAL
35 NONE
36 N/A
4 2325 HOURS, 29 DEC 54
4A 34/0532 DEC 54
4B NIGHT
5 29 DEG 41 1/2 MINUTES NORTH LAT 95 DEG 22 1/2 MINUTES WEST LONG
5A (REPORTING OBSERVER), AGE 26, (DETAILS REDACTED)
   HOUSTON, TEX, GENERAL TRAFFIC AGENT, RELIABILITY UNKNOWN.
5B. (DETAILS REDACTED), HOUSTON, TEX, HOUSEWIFE, RELIABILITY UNKNOWN.
36 N/A
7A CLEAR, SLIGHT BREEZE, DRY, COLD
7B WIND VELOCITY AND DIRECTION 30/0532 DEC SURFACE WINDS WESTERLY.

PAGE THREE JUNE 33


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the UFOB Index Card:

1. DATE
27 DEC 1954

2. LOCATION
HOUSTON, TEXAS

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 300525Z (N)

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
CIVILIAN

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 SECONDS

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE

9. COURSE
NW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
ROUND LIGHT FLASHED ACROSS THE SKY.

11. COMMENTS
THE STRAIGHT TRAJECTORY, SPEED LENGTH OF OBSERVATION, TIME OF NIGHT. RESULT: PROBABLE METEOR.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
[X] Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

AISOP Form 5 (13 Oct 54)


- page 27 -

No Case - Information Only

Dec 10, 1954
Hq USAF/ATIC
Dayton, Ohio
Italy

PROPAGANDA BALLOONS TAKEN FOR 'SAUCERS'

Roma, ANSA, in Italian Morse to New York, Dec. 9, 1954, 2330 G.M.T.-E

(Excerpts)

Perugia-The many "flying saucers" lately seen by people in Umbria have turned out to be balloons filled with propaganda leaflets.

OFFICIAL USE ONLY
- 03 - ITALY AND THE VATICAN
Dec. 10, 1954

Today Carabinieri seized many such balloons around and in Lake Trasimeno, Umbria. The balloons contained thousands of anti-Communist propaganda leaflets written in Hungarian. It is believed that the adverse weather conditions in the past few days caused these balloons to fall in Umbrian soil-balloons which people mistakenly thought were "flying saucers."

- 0 -


- page 28 -

No Case - Information only

19 Dec 54
Waukegan, Illinois

THE WAUKEGAN NEWS-SUN
Tuesday, December 14, 1954

Waukegan Trio Sights
Fast Moving Sky 'Ball'
Homeward bound from a meeting of American Red Cross volunteers, Mrs. Vincent Dellamonte of 102 S. Orchard Ave., and two women companions were puzzled last night by a "reddish and whitish" ball they saw in the sky above Waukegan, moving from south to northwest.

"The three of us saw it for about a minute," said Mrs. Dellamonte, "and none of us knew what it was."

"It seemed to travel faster than an airplane but not as fast as a shooting star. It had no tail of fire," she added. "We just didn't know what it was."

Mrs. Dellamonte said the two other women were passengers in her car, which she was driving westward on Catalpa between Martin and Orchard Aves., between 9:15 and 9:30 p.m., when the unidentified object in the sky was first sighted.

"I looked up and saw it," said Mrs. Dellamonte, "and the two girls with me saw it too. I thought at first it was a shooting star, but it was moving too fast for that. It was moving too fast for an airplane, and it was a ball, reddish and whitish in color. It didn't look like it was very high up in the sky, though I am a poor judge of such things."

Mrs. Dellamonte is employed in a downtown Waukegan store.


- page 29 -

Silver Rain in Brazil

One of the most publicized substances to be identified in this way was the "silver rain" that allegedly fell from an unidentified flying object in Brazil. The incident occurred on December 13, 1954, in the city of Campinas and the witness was a housewife. In many UFO sightings, exactly what happened is not easy to find out [17]. UFO publications in England, New Zealand, and the United States reported that the sighting had occurred at night, but, in spite of the darkness, the witness had observed the objects in detail. She described three gray-colored, circular flying saucers; each was made up of two sections or plates, one placed on top of the other; the top plate rotated continuously and sent out a strong light. Moving soundlessly and in close formation, the three saucers had performed fantastic acrobatics over the city, apparently unnoticed by the other residents. Suddenly one of them had peeled off and dived low over the roof of the woman's house, lighting up the whole neighbourhood with the brilliant glare of its rotating section; then, going into a high-speed climb, it dropped at her feet a liquid substance that fell like silver rain.

According to the more generally accepted and more probable version, the incident occurred in the morning in full daylight. The housewife was feeding her poultry when she heard a noise on the ground near her feet. Stopping down, she observed a pool of slimy liquid, like silver rain, which solidified within a few seconds. Looking up, she saw three large objects moving rapidly high in the sky and they looked to her like flying saucers.

A reporter on the Campinas Correio Popular, hearing rumors that a flying saucer had dropped strange material "something like lead," interviewed the woman, collected some fragments that a neighbor had picked up, and took them to a local chemist for analysis. The newspaper then reported that the stuff was absolutely pure tin—that is, it was about 90 per cent pure tin and the rest was either oxidation or metal alloys that were unknown on earth [17, 18].

Understandably interested in this report, members of the Brazilian Air Force also interviewed the witness and collected some of the fragments she showed them, as well as other fragments that had fallen about the same time in other parts of the city. Laboratory analysis showed the material to be merely solder. Several large airports not far from Campinas might well have had large planes


- page 30 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 87—THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
In the air, which could have dropped the solder. The Air Force
obviously saw no need to involve the presence of extraterrestrial
vehicles to account for the incident and considered the problem
solved, but Brazilian saucer enthusiasts refused to accept this explanation. In their opinion the Air Force had either gotten hold of
the wrong material or was covering up the true facts.

Two years later, in the autumn of 1956, the reporter who had
ordered the original analysis received another collection of fragments and turned them over to a group of civilian investigators
of UFO phenomena. Although he did not know the full history of
the new fragments (unfortunately he had forgotten the names of
the persons who gave them to him), he himself was convinced that
they were part of the original shower of silver rain. Accepting this
theory, the civilians sent the fragments to the United States for
analysis: one part to a sympathetic scientist at an Ohio college,
who asked a chemist colleague to test the material, and another to
a commercial chemist in New York. When the New York chemist,
like the Brazilian Air Force in 1954, reported that the material
was an ordinary tin soldier, the UFO group concluded that the
fragment sent him must have been spurious, and refused to accept
his findings. The Ohio chemist reported that his specimen contained tin, did not contain antimony, and had a density of 10.3.
Since the density of tin is 7.3, the sample obviously contained other
elements in addition to tin.

With the reports in hand, the editor of the Brazilian UFO Critical
Bulletin published the xenochemical conclusion under the headline,
"Stuff Analyzed by American and Brazilian Scientists Proves the
UFOs Are Non-Terrestrial Flying Machines." [18]

The full facts on which this conclusion rests should presumably
be available for study, but they have never been published. The
origin of the 1956 fragments is unknown; they may or may not
have been part of the 1954 fall. But the 1954 incident at least
offered an apparently ideal chance to establish beyond doubt the
exact composition of a substance that fell from some object in the
sky, and to determine whether it came from earth or from beyond.
The material did not deliquesce or disappear, as gossamer and
industrial waste may do, but remained available for analysis. Incredibly, this ideal chance was lost. Of the several chemists involved,
none made a complete qualitative, quantitative, and spectroscopic
analysis, and some published his complete data. The Ohio chemist,
busy with ordinary duties, had time to make only a preliminary
analysis of the 1956 fragment. He did not determine the amount
of tin present and did not determine what elements other than tin
were in the sample. The density of the 1954 sample is not known
and the results of the complete qualitative, quantitative, and spectographic tests, if performed, are not available.

When a businessman sends a specimen to a commercial chemist
for analysis, he expects to receive a specific list of exactly what
elements it contains and in what percentages. If he received, instead, results such as those of the silver-rain analysis, plus the
chemist's opinion that the specimen used to consist of something
else in different proportions, the businessman would very properly
refuse to pay.

No competent chemist would use the meager data available to
assert that the 1954 and 1956 fragments had an identical origin,
or that they were originally composed only of pure tin. A quantitative analysis theoretically could show that a given sample is composed entirely of a certain element such as tin, but if the sample
contains only to per cent tin, to per cent obviously consists of other
elements, and the specimen is not to per cent pure tin.

With so few facts available, the actual identity of the silver rain
can only be guessed at, but overwhelming evidence indicates that


- page 31 -

