The image does not contain any photographs. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 6/8/54
2. LOCATION: Miami Beach, Florida
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 6/8/54 2002
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. SOURCE: L.A.A.
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 7 minutes
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Bright white light, oval in shape, moving at a high speed and descending. Gradually faded away in same position.
9. COURSE: Descending
10. COMMENTS: Unable to determine nature of object.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a report from the Headquarters Sixth Naval District, U.S. Naval Base in Charleston, South Carolina, dated July 20, 1954.

The text in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS SIXTH NAVAL DISTRICT
U.S. NAVAL BASE
CHARLESTON, S. C.

20 JUL 1954

From: Commandant, Sixth Naval District
To: Director of Intelligence, Headquarters, U.S.A., Washington 25, D.C.
Subj: Unidentified Flying Object, 22 June 1954, Miami, Florida
Ref: (a) D.C. 3. Air Force Ltr RDO-2-00-5, of 23 April 1954
Encl: (1) Statement
(2) Statement

1. Reference (a) advised of a subject sighting on 22 June 1954 in Biscayne Bay. Enclosure (1) and (2) are furnished in amplification of reference (a).
2. Enclosures (1) and (2) are furnished in amplification of reference (a).
3. The files of DDO-ID contain no derogatory data concerning Edward Buscher, Jr., nor of James V. Wilkins.
4. Forwarded in accordance with reference (b).

(Signed)
C.B. BOYD
By direction

Copy to:
CINCL ANT
ACIC (FZS-33)
Commandant
CG 8MP
GSI Dist #7
CC 41 (FY CAS Miami (Less Encls)

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a report or record from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's study of unidentified flying objects.

Text of the document:

STATEMENT                         MAJOR _____________USAAF, YR-393, RAD_LA.

During the evening of 12 June 1954, I was indoors at my residence, located at _____, Miami Beach, Fla. At approximately 2130 hours, I was outside on the patio, called in by a excited voice to come outside. I stepped outside and was astonished to see a strange light in the sky above us, and I seal that it was intelligibility controlled from the beach area, approximately 350 to 500 yards from the beach, and between the beach and our location.

At one instance I thought I could see a a closer observation point somewhere below the light,
so that while it was almost directly overhead it was gradually seemingly to cade out from our sight.

After observing it for some time, it seered to be gradually descending, slowly until it 
suddenly seemed to vanish from sight. It could have landed in the water, but I would
estimate it to have been about 2500 to 3000 feet above the beach area. It was a most 
interesting and amazing sight, and something I would definitely wish to remember
for possible future reference.

It seemed to be rather like a star at first, perhaps a bit larger, but gradually it seemd to
increase in size until it was quite sizeable, although it did not seem to increase beyond a
certain point. The light remained steady and constant, and did not blink or fluctuate in any
way that I could detect. As it seemed to gradually descend, it also seemed to be gradually increasing in size, as well, until it suddenly disappeared from sight.

I would be happy to furnish any additional information that may be desired, and would
be glad to cooperate in any way possible.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

SUBJECT: Unidentified object, statement on

1. At approximately 2100 on the evening of 22 June 1954, I was sitting on the balcony of my residence facing the Atlantic Ocean. I observed what appeared to be a "falling star" on a true bearing of approximately 090 degrees. This light suspended in angle of descent and intensity for a period of three to four seconds, approximately, this length of time I thought it was though it might be an aircraft in a steep dive (estimating altitude at 10,000 feet) and observed this light to increase in brilliance, angle of descent, and speed until it appeared to expend itself shortly up to an angle of 30 degrees above the horizontal (just above the horizon) then slow down and hover with a brilliance slightly greater than that of a first magnitude star. At this time it was on a true bearing of approximately 010 degrees. It called for major Swart and him so it could be seen as a small light in the distance which I was watching at this time. The light was somewhat larger than that of an aircraft. The light gradually faded in intensity and disappeared from view.

2. The light was visible for at least seven (7) minutes.

3. In my estimation of speed and altitude are imprecise.

4. I have never seen anything before that could be comparable to this observation.

- page 4 -

