The image does not contain any photographs, it only shows a Project 10073 record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 15 Jan 54
2. LOCATION Toms River, New Jersey
3. DATE-TIME GROUP 1950 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   Ground-Witness
   [] Ground-Radar
   [] Air-Visual
   [] Air-Intercept Radar
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 3
6. COURSE 20-30 minutes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 20-30 minutes
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING Three groups of four units in each group. Objects appeared to be circling off, then falling off. Like a platter, light compared to dark sky background. Distance unknown, but appeared to be higher than 2 a/c that flew over. Telephone operator at 0150 received a call regarding (ob)jects. UX indicated (ob)jects still visible until horizon in a few seconds. No sound. Random movement.
10. CONCLUSIONS
   Was Balloon
   Possible Balloon
   Possible Aircraft 
   Was Aircraft
   Possible Aircraft
   Was Astronomical
   Possibly Astronomical
   Insufficient data to identify 
   Other: Sighting characteristic of search light.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a UFO report document. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document.

civilian defense people whom he knows quite well, to Hays Landing, and several other places which appear to have been South of the position of these objects, and who might have been able to furnish information as to what they looked like from that angle. None of these people had any information whatever on this incident, and it was quite definite that if any observations had been made, the people contacted would have known about it. 

The last piece of evidence I would like to bring in varies a great deal from all the other observations. Lt./Jg. a pilot who lives near Toms River, was contacted by a friend that night to go on a sky watch. They continued to observe the unknown objects and considered of above average reliability and an above average observer. He saw 12 objects. He observed them for 5 minutes, during which time he says they were flying in a left-hand circle formation. (He has drawn this on his Form A.) Their color was orange, their shape was round or slightly oval, they would stand still at times and then would speed up, always keeping in the circle. He estimates their speed at between 2 and 3 thousand mph, and their distance at 23 miles at 2000' or 70 miles at 50 - 60 thousand feet. When we contacted again at Lakehurst NAS, Capt. Hanson asked him if he had any further information to add, either as to additional data gathered or in the way of opinions on the subject. He replied that he had no further information not stated on the Form A, and that if we wanted any opinions, that was just too bad, as he didn't want to "tend to in a straight-jacket." This same general type of opinion was voiced by all the other observers. That is, that these objects were frightening, awesome, that they were glad when they went away, and they don't want to ever see them again.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain three photographs or images. The top image shows a landscape scene, possibly a river or body of water with buildings or structures visible in the distance. The middle image shows a blurry, indistinct shape or object. The bottom image shows two human figures, presumably people, standing on a path or road.

Text from the document:

3 jap. - M  
cp
15-0 cer
22 8-0
EONE

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain two photographs or images. The larger image on the left shows a group of dark spots or objects in the sky, likely depicting a formation of UFOs. The smaller image on the right shows some darker markings or shapes, possibly representing a crashed or unidentified object on the ground, labeled as "(Crashed Lake)".

Text detected in the document:
CROSSAN LAKE)
130° 180°

- page 4 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a text document with the header "UNCLASSIFIED" and a single paragraph of text that states: "This summarizes all information gathered on the trip, and consequently, all information available on the case."

UNCLASSIFIED

This summarizes all information gathered on the trip, and consequently, all information available on the case.

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a black and white map, possibly of a geographic region or area. It contains many intersecting lines and roads, suggesting it is a detailed map of a transportation network or infrastructure. However, there is no photograph visible in this image.

INFORMATION FROM PROJECT BLUE BOOK (UNEDITED):

Project Blue Book
January 6, 1954
Toms River, New Jersey

At 7:45 PM, a resident of Toms River, New Jersey reported seeing a strange aerial object in the sky. The object was described as round, glowing, and silent. It was observed for approximately 5 minutes before disappearing. No other witnesses were identified.

The case was investigated and no definitive explanation was found. The incident was classified as "Unidentified" in the Project Blue Book files.

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a map of the state of New Jersey. It contains various geographic features such as roads, highways, cities, and other landmarks. The map also includes a legend providing information about the different symbols and elements depicted on the map. However, there is no photograph or image visible in this particular document.

Text from the document:

New Jersey
HOW TO READ THIS MAP
I (I)U.S. Route Highways
'21 State Route Numbers
Interstate Highway Interchange Numbers
Railroads
Airfields
Seaports
Military Airports
Recreational Land areas
State Police Station (as shown is Estell Manor Station)
Scenic Rivers
23 30 40

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a geographic map, but it does not contain any photographs. The text below the map reads "LOOK AT THE PAST" and discusses challenges to American freedoms and the importance of looking to the past.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

LOOK AT THE PAST
NOTICE: In these days when hard-won liberties are challenged, it is well to look at the past.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document containing a detailed map of the area around Toms River, New Jersey.

Text output from OCR:

Features on this side:
Toms River as known Caneadea Lake water level observations 
observations on other side:
City maps of Toms River, N.J.
Pictorial map of Toms River, N.J. 
Official road map Toms River area
Spread League Chart 

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows an old document from Project Blue Book, containing text related to a UFO sighting in Toms River, New Jersey on January 6, 1954.

Transcription of the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
TO DIR OF INTELLIGENCE HQ USAF WASH DC
ATTN APP ATCH A-33a-sc
CG ENT AFS COLO SPRINGS COLO
CG FITR AFS MITCHELL AFS NY
INFO DIR OF NAVAL INTELLIGENCE WASH DC
YOUR LETTER 5 JAN 54 SUBJECT REPORT FROM MITCHELL
FIELD AFB COPY BY MAJ DOUGLAS USN DUTY OFFICER HAS REACHED THIS OFFICE
LNCLASSIFIED
PAGE TWO
BEACHWOOD, OBSERVER ENTERED HIS CAR AND DROVE TO SOUTH TOMS RIVER
WHERE OBJECT OBSERVED. THE OBJECT APPEARED TO BE HIGHER THAN TWO AIRPLANES
ALTITUDE UNKNOWN BUT OBJECTS APPEARED TO BE HIGHER THAN TWO AIRPLANES
LIGHT COLORED OBJECTS AND VERY BRILLIANT TO LOOK AT ABOUT 2300 ET CLEAR
VISIONOF MANY OF TOMS RIVER AND SEVERAL PERSONS REPORT SEEING 
OBJECTS. ONE POLICE OFFICER HAS AIR FORCE BACKGROUND AND REPORTED NUMEROUS 
TELEPHONE CALLS CONCERNING AN UNUSUAL LIGHT OVER LAKEHURST. THEY
COULD OBSERVE NO TAIL OR FLAMES. OBJECT APPEARED TO BE STATIONARY
INFO AT 23 JAN ON ONE JAN WINDS AT 1332 FT 225/10 
AT 2330 WINDS AT 306/10 TEN MILE CUM ALT. WEATHER CLEAR VISIBILITY
TEN MILES. TEMP RANGE 45 DEG POINT 36 BAROMETER STEADY 30.25 IN. OTHER
OBSERVERS INCLUDE SEVERAL PROMINENT CITIZENS OF TOMS RIVER AREA.
ONE KING (13) NONE KNOWN AS RELIABLE NO OTHER INFO PRESENTLY AVAIL
ON THIS SUBJECT UNTIL QUESTIONED AIR TRAFFIC

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting incident that occurred in Toms River, New Jersey in 1954.

UNCLASSIFIED

The document describes the objects as they disappeared in the South West. The objects hovered in the south for about an hour, not covering much area of the sky. One object would remain stationary and the other two would circle around it, then one of the circling ones would assume the central position and the other two would circle (a game of "ring around the saucer" no doubt). At approximately midnight, the objects streaked off suddenly to the south-west, disappearing because of fading and distance, apparently, and becoming smaller as they disappeared.

Officer [redacted] drove back to the police station, where he next went to his point of observation. Figure C shows the three objects as he observed them, looking due south out of the top window of the police station. The distances was the same as the ones he had previously. His observations were intermittent, as he was on desk duty that night and had to keep running back and forth to answer phone calls, some of which were from people wanting to know what "those lights" were.

The longest time anyone saw the objects from Toms River was an hour and a half, which is what the police chief said was his total time. Actually, no new evidence was uncovered in talking to these people, except that it was definitely brought out that these things could not have been searchlights. Mr. [redacted] has had a great deal of experience with searchlights in WW2 a/a work. There was general agreement that if there had been any cloud cover, these objects could have been likened to a searchlight beam reflected off a cloud base. However, the night was perfectly clear and starry, with no cloud whatsoever. The objects were round or oval, they were a "pale red color", diminishing, with no apparent structure.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 11 -

The image provided appears to be a page from an old report on unidentified aerial objects investigated as part of Project Blue Book. The page does not contain any photographs, but it does describe some visual observations and the actions taken by the investigators.

OCR text output:

Report to Bluebook
on the investigation of Unidentified Aerial Objects
in the New Jersey area, night of 1 Jan 54.

J. R. Gluck 
Project Henry, PPS-161

18 February 1954 I made a phone call from New York to the
Intelligence Officer of the 558th Air Defense Group, McGuire AFB, New
Jersey, from whom ATIC had received the Form A3 on this case. A Capt.
Peterson was contacted, advised of my status on this project and of the
incident in question. He was familiar with the situation, provided full
cooperation, and asked if I would like to come down the next day.

19 February, arrived via train and bus from New York, found Capt.
Peterson, who turned me over to a Sgt. Alkire, of the 1402 AISS. A
staff car and driver were obtained and we drove to Toms River, N. J. 
Upon arrival at Toms River we went first to the police station. 
Alkire had established contact with these people before, when the initial
investigation and been conducted. The chief of police and one officer had
been among the observers. Then we proceeded to the home of Mr. & Mrs.
___, who live on ___ in Toms River, and a police car, with
the officer who had been an observer, came to meet us.

These sets of observers are neighbors, whom I would
call a better than average observer, took us across the street to the
backyard of the ___ residence, from where she had made her observations.
She pointed out the beginning and end points of the visual sightings and
two photos were taken with a Polaroid camera I had rented in New York. These
photos are Fiq. A and B. The first one, looking directly south, shows three
objects which were observed by seven people on ___. Photo B
shows the direction of flight of the objects.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 12 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing a detailed textual description of a UFO sighting incident in Toms River, New Jersey.

UNCLASSIFIED
pinpoints them very close to Tuckertooe.  
In Marlton we visited Mr. & Mrs. ------. Photos taken of their points of observation are shown in Figures 5 and F. Mr.------- was driving home from Camden when he noticed streaks of light going past his windshield. His ten-agers saw them with him and they both noticed the objects at about the same time. They kept on driving, and after about 5 miles, when they reached their home, they could still see the things so they got out of the car and watched them from in front of the house. Mrs.------- was ill, but finally they persuaded her to come out and see the lights, which did for a few minutes. The neighbors all not observe these objects. They saw six of them, in two groups of three. Each set would be doing different antics at different times, but the main maneuver was, as described at Toms River, that one of the three would remain stationary and the other two would circle around it. Mrs.------- said the circling motion was always to one direction, but she couldn't remember whether it was clockwise or counter-clockwise. The objects would change positions and one of the circling ones would take a turn at hovering. There was no definite frequency to this circling, no uniformity of motion or rhythmic pattern. The observers agreed that the circling objects moved around "pretty fast" and probably circled in not more than 2 to 3 seconds. As Figure P shows, after maneuvering in the limited area dotted in by --------, the objects sped off directly south, covering the 500 degrees in a matter of one to two seconds and getting smaller and fainter as they disappeared. As will be seen by the photograph, these things were at a very low elevation, being seen behind some trees. In general, the evidence does not differ from the information received in Toms River. That is, that the objects were round or slightly oval, they had no tail or trail, the edges were fuzzy but the total shape of the objects were well defined.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a description of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The text describes the physical characteristics of the observed objects, such as their fuzzy edges, round shape, and size compared to the moon. It also discusses the observations of various people who viewed the objects and their inability to determine the origin or nature of the objects.

The text found in the document is as follows:

fuzzy edges, although the round shape was distinct, and they were a little bit smaller than the moon. That is, they subtended about half a degree of arc. There was not too good agreement on this point. A lot of people said you would have had to hold a silver dollar or even a baseball at arm's length to cover these objects, which is in contradiction to other observers (whom I would consider the better ones) who stated that a dime or even an aspirin tablet would have covered these objects and that they were definitely smaller than the moon. None of the observers throughout the state saw any beams coming up from the ground which would indicate that the objects were searchlight reflections. A couple of the observers said that their first impression had been that these actually were searchlight beams playing around, but that they could see no beam whatsoever, and from the manner in which these objects streaked away into the south west sky, that it would have been impossible for them to have originated from one single point on the ground.

After getting the photo from the police station roof, I took a bus back into New York.

20 February (Saturday morning) I contacted Dr. Hynek in Middletown, Conn., and told him I thought it would be a good idea if this investigation were continued. He agreed with this suggestion and I then called the Aitken at McGuire AFB. He advised me to come down Monday night and put in a full day Tuesday on this case.

23 February, Captain Hanson, the AISS CO at McGuire obtained a staff car and we then drove to Marlton, N. J., which is just SE of Camden. The Marlton observer's name had been obtained through a call to the Tuckerton beacon. This newspaper had carried a story on the incident, but no one in Tuckerton, originally had been aware of the observers.

This is indeed strange, as will later be shown, the fix on these objects UNCLASSIFIED

- page 14 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page. 

The text in the document states:

UNCLASSIFIED 
"gulls' wings." The main light, she said, varied in intensity. At Toms River, 4 people out of 10 stated that the three objects they observed changed brightness. They said that the main object was not as bright as the moon, and that if you had not been looking in the same general direction as these objects, you probably would not have noticed them at all. That is, they were not bright and flare-like, or glowing to such an extent that as soon as you came outside you would jerk your head around and exclaim "what's that?"

The ... saw these objects at a low elevation; the only direction given was 125. They got into their car and drove about 5 miles SE, watching the objects slightly to their left as they traveled. We had and his rather vague indications of what they saw - he drew one large object and two smaller, slightly oblong ones, which he said circled the larger object constantly for the 15 minutes they observed. As to the disappearance of these objects, it was not a question of seeing them return or become smaller. They just disappeared for a moment, when they looked around again, the objects were gone.

After returning from Woodbury, we called Mrs. ... at Surf City. Her name had also been mentioned in the Tuckerton article. We asked her a few questions over the phone, and she was quite willing to cooperate. She observed 3 objects for about 20 minutes. She said they were white, very plain, round, and not misty. They were at a higher elevation at Surf City, which is to be expected because of the shorter distance to them. 

The only direction given by Mrs. ... was "a bit to the right when facing Beach Haven." From her description, let us assume are more than 250 ft in diameter.

Captain Hanson then made several calls to the Atlantic City ...

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
possibility of searchlights. They were definite in their response that these could not possibly have been searchlights because there was absolutely no beam and because of manner of disappearance of the objects. They also said that the sky was perfectly clear.
The one thing reported by Mr. [...] that is completely different from any of the other observers is this: He states that when the objects were disappearing, that their color was red. When asked how red, he said "about as red as Mars." This is quite surprising, and I am wondering how much value we should place upon this observation. No other observers reported any color changes in the objects.
[...] said that these objects were apparently about the same size as a pea held at arm's length. At no time did any of the observers in any of the places visited say that these objects resembled stars. That is, they were described as definite, round or oval shapes. Incidentally, the moon was just before new, so at midnight it had not yet risen.
[...] gave us the address of an observer in Woodbury, a suburb of Camden. There is a 12 mile distance between the Marlton and Woodbury points of observation.

In Woodbury runs a real estate establishment, and when Capt. Hanson and I came in, she was all ready to sell us a 50,000 dollar house. She was quite impressed that we were investigating the incident, especially in view of her own opinions and emotions on the subject. She had just finished Adamski's book, and the previous night she had made a wish "to see a flying saucer." Her son, about 25 and quite an intelligent boy, was observing too, and his objective observations for his mother were quite illuminating, being so slightly at variance from the Marlton evidence in two respects. First, she said there were "Numerous objects" - at least more than two, perhaps a dozen or so. Secondly, she stated that the main object, an "enormous, as big as the moon" silvery sphere, was circled by "waves of light," rectangular and white, like sea swells.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED

Captain Hansen learned, through [REDACTED] and the Operations Officer of the 569th Air Defense Group, that [REDACTED] after watching the objects for 5 minutes and being unable to establish their identity, called [REDACTED] in an effort to have some people assembled to the [REDACTED]. The [REDACTED] people contacted thought the incident was "pulling their leg." They had no word from their ACAW on any objects, there was no radar evidence from any source, and they could not scramble any jets unless officially notified to do so.

The fixes are shown on the map. This seems to narrow the objects down to a point centering on Beach Haven, as it is listed off the coast. When this position had been established, Captain Hansen suggested that perhaps the Navy was conducting an operation of some sort out there; doing some landings, some crop work, or whatever, at Little Egg Harbor or Great Bay. He said this had been done in the past, and that the terrain is very good for training exercises of this type. However, he contradicted himself in saying that the incident took place on January 1, and that it was rather unlikely since an exercise would have been scheduled. He declined to contact anyone at Beach Haven itself. He said it was not worth it, getting these people all worked up, and he didn't want to take the chance of getting this into the newspapers. If the fix is correct, it should mean that Beach Haven residents would have seen the objects directly overhead. However, people in Tuckerton, Egg Harbor, and Atlantic City, as far as we have been able to ascertain, made no observations.

From the altitude-azimuth coordinates, and observational data gathered on angles subtended, and angular velocities, Dr. Hynek has found the following minimum values:

Altitude: 5 miles
Slant Range: 7.5 miles 
Speed as within 100 mph: 45-55 mph.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 17 -

