PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
1 Feb 54

2. LOCATION
Puente, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1015

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes
Photo

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 seconds

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Jellyfish, silvery edges - floating
motion. Alleged residue drifted down & was
gather up in jar. Report of witness indicates
clear sky.

7. CITY
Covina/1515N

8. SOURCE
Civilian

9. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. COMMENTS
Little, if any, residue in jar - one
small strand. Lab reports say
substance most nearly like cobweb.
Association between object in air
residue not established. Filters, chemicals,
plants, not checked. Migrations meteorological, botanical spiders possibility, also
a/c a possibility.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical

Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

this case includes
one (1) 9x10 Black and White Photo.


- page 2 -

Text found in the image:

112-0SURF #1

112-0SURF #4

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing what seems to be a blurry, rounded object or shape, possibly a photograph of an unidentified flying object or some kind of unusual artifact. The image is grainy and has low contrast, typical of mid-20th century photographic documentation.


- page 3 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

IN REPLY REFER TO: 50-24-21-132                                                                   19 February 1954

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Sighted
           by Mrs. [redacted], Puente, California,
           1015 hours, 1 February 1954
           SPECIAL INQUIRY

TO:     Commander
         Air Technical Intelligence Center
         Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
         Ohio
         ATTN: AFIADS-02

1. Transmit herewith are two (2) copies of report of investigation, of Special Inquiry CSC/X, File [redacted], dated 11 February 1954, subject as above.

2. Investigation was requested by the 18th CSI District upon receipt of information that [redacted] had reported the sighting of an unknown object near Puente, California.

3. Investigation is considered closed in the files of the Office of Special Investigations.

4. Your attention is invited to the provisions of AFR 124-1 which prohibit the release of investigative information to unauthorized persons.

1 Incl (in dpy)
RCDL, DO 713, dtd 11 Feb 54

cc: DIG CSI w/o incl

[Signature of an Air Force officer]
[Typed name: GEORGE J. KEELY, JR.]
[Rank and position: Major, USAF
District Commander]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOR POR DECABIN

UNCLASSIFIED

[Bottom right corner: JAMC-175399]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

THE INSPECTOR GENERAL USAF
18th DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
AF SPECIALIZED DEPOT, BOX 310, MAYWOOD, CALIF.

190 24-280                                                                   19 February 1954

SUBJECT:    Unidentified Flying Object Sighted
            by Mrs. H_______, Puente, California,
            1015 hours, 1 February 1954

SPECIAL INQUIRY

TO:    Commander
        Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
        ATTN: AFOAI-3G
        Air Technical Intelligence Center
        Dayton, Ohio

1. Reference is made to report of investigation prepared by Special Agent LGM-*, USAF, this District Office File 24-280, dated 11 February 1954, which concerns the above matter.

2. Forwarded concurrently under separate cover is a sealed pint glass jar containing a piece of black cloth on which may be noted a substance resembling a cobweb, as mentioned in Paragraph 3 of referenced report.

3. Your particular attention is invited to those portions of Paragraph 8 in which increases and/or advises that substance contained in this jar seems to evaporate or disappear upon contact with the air.

4. Your attention is invited to the provisions of AFR 124-1, which prohibit the release of investigative information to unauthorized persons.

                                    ARTHUR T. CAMERON
                                    Colonel, USAF
                                    District Commander

Incl: 1
Dir OGI

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 5 -

UNCLASSIFIED

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

TITLE: (Confidential) Unidentified Flying Object Sighted by Mrs. [redacted], Puente, California, 1015 hours, 1 February 1954

REPORT MADE BY: LEROY F. BENZ, S/A
REPORT MADE AT: DG #18, Haywood, California
DATE: 11 FEB 1954
PERIOD: 1-3 and 5 February 1954
OFFICE OF ORIGIN: DG #18, Haywood, California
STATUS: CLOSED

SPECIAL INQUIRY
Initial Report

SYNOPSIS:
This investigation requested by Colonel ARTHUR T. GARVEY, District Commander, DG #18, Haywood, California, upon receipt of information that an unknown object was sighted in California, was reported. The wife of [redacted] was actually interviewed and revealed that she had sighted the object, but had not captured so much as a photograph of the object.

The interview revealed following information regarding unidentified object first sighted at approximately 1015 hours, situated approximately 2-3 miles away, no apparent movement except a drifting motion, round in shape and when tilted the shape of a bill, silky silver color, luminous, fuzzy or cloudy looking around the edges. When tilted the bottom appeared a very radiant red-orange color, with naked eye appeared to be the size of about one-eighth full moon, was in sight approximately 30 seconds at almost all moon, against almost due east for approximately 5 seconds. It was alleged that a residue or substance was seen and drifted down and was gathered by her husband. This residue put in jar and was vaporated on contact with air. Substance photographed inside jar by [redacted] Agency checks reveal no depositary information on persons involved.

[Distribution and routing information at bottom of document]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

130 24-480

UNCLASSIFIED

to get some of the substance wrapped around this black cloth. He said he had trapped some black cloth, and the end of a bamboo pole, enclosed at least one hundred (100) feet of the strands and deposited the cloth with the strands wrapped around it in a quart and pint jar. He said the substance was very much visible against the black cloth, looking as though a silver thread had been woven into the cloth. DAILY stated that he did not know what to do with the substance and had remembered seeing a television show on Sunday night, 21 January 1954, which was a panel of personal discussing flying saucers and related subjects. This had been on JIM McNAMARA's show, so DAILY said that he had calls. McNAMARA at Radio Station KLAC, Los Angeles, California, and McNAMARA had informed DAILY that he would call in that was as possible. McNAMARA had called DAILY back in approximately fifteen minutes and had told him to call a Mr. MILLER. DAILY advised that he had called MILLER, who advised to go very slow and had suggested that the substance on the cloth be brought to him. DAILY said that he and his wife had departed for Mr. MILLER's home in Los Angeles with the substance at approximately 1000 hours, 1 February 1954. DAILY advised that when arriving, the substance could be seen on the black cloth, and was viewed by MILLER, MILLER's wife, DAILY's wife and himself. Mr. MILLER removed the black cloth from the quart jar with a tweezers and placed it on a white cloth at this time placed the cloth that had contained the substance under an ultra-violet lamp with negative results. DAILY advised that he and his wife had looked at the quart jar and contents which the substance seemed to be diminishing all the time. DAILY stated that after the episode of the substance disappearing, when the cloth was removed from the quart jar, MILLER had immediately at a photograph of the pint jar and contents which could still be seen inside the jar. This photo had been developed immediately by MILLER and did show the substance contrasting against the black cloth. MILLER had sealed the pint jar with black scotch tape at this time. DAILY advised that he and his wife had left for home at approximately 1300 hours after arriving late a conversation with his wife's sister and brother-in-law and had reached home. DAILY put the black cloth and pint jar in a small peanut butter jar; approximately one hour later this cloth was removed from the jar and the substance was not on it. DAILY stated that he had forgotten to inform that the substance was like the was picking up some of the foreign substance, he had looked for and found a cobweb, had broken a piece off to determine if it was similar in structure to the foreign matter. He said that the cobweb was very tensile in character, whereas the other substance was not tensile, could not be felt by the fingers and would seem to evaporate. He said he had pulled the full at approximately 2100 hours, gave then the information and was told that he would be contacted later, and at approximately 2200 hours, Mr. TRACY from OSI had called him.

5. DAILY volunteered the following information about himself and his wife: He is a non-military or navy-four years of age; received a commercial pilot's license in 1943, was an instructor of radio, primary and instrument flying at CAA-PCA for approximately two years from September 1942 to September 1944, and with the school had been training pilots. He stated that he would purchase or secure, and always watched television or radio shows that dealt with this subject.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

18 24-280                                                  UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This investigation requested by Colonel ARTHUR T. CAMERON, District Commander, District Office #13, Shell AF Depot, Haywood, California, on 2 February 1954, upon receipt of information from a Chief of Police, California, had reported the sighting of an unknown object hovering above Puente, California, at approximately 1030 hours, 1 February 1954, and had gathered some samples of a substance, presumably residue from the object.

AT HAYWOOD, CALIFORNIA

2. On 1 February 1954, at 2155 hours, Special Agent HAROLD L. TRACY, OSI Duty Agent, DC 713, received a call from S/A KLETH JONES, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Los Angeles, California, who stated that he had just received a call from a [redacted] at Puente, California, reporting the sighting of an unknown object hovering above the City of Puente at approximately 1030 hours, 1 February 1954. [Redacted] gave some samples of a substance, presumably residue from the object. S/A TRACY telephonically contacted [redacted] at approximately 2200 hours and had stated that he was interested in the investigation. [Redacted], Los Angeles, California, had a sample of the [redacted] and a sealed jar. [Redacted] further advised S/A TRACY that, he had photographs of the substance.

3. On 3 February 1954, the files of the Haywood City Police were checked with negative results.

AT PUENTE, CALIFORNIA

4. On 2 February 1954, [redacted], was interviewed and stated that he had not seen the object in question, but his wife, [redacted], had seen it and had attempted to locate it so that he also could see it. He said that at approximately 1030 hours, 1 February 1954, he was in the house at approximately 1030 hours, looking out of the window and had told his wife of seeing a strange bright silvery colored, round, luminous object in the sky, but it had disappeared when she had come like the noise to attract to locate. His wife had seen it approximately 1030 hours and also told him of strands of a material resembling spun glass floating towards the earth and had informed him these strands were settling on the trees, telephone wires and ground. He had gone outside and had noticed the telephone wires and a tree in his yard covered with strands of a substance resembling cobwebs or spun glass. He stated that he had attempted to pick up some of the strands but it was so fine a cobweb-like material that it would disappear upon contact with his hands. [Redacted] stated that he had called the Pasadena, California, office of the Mount Wilson Observatory at approximately 1215 hours and was told to call back. He was advised to call the Smithsonian and what to do with this substance to come and see or gather some of it. For analytical purposes, but the only person at this office was a caretaker who told him to call back. He then called Mount Wilson and was told to contact the Pasadena office. Advised that he called the Pasadena office at 1205 hours, talking to a person [redacted].

UNCLASSIFIED
5-MC-125310


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top of document header reads "UNCLASSIFIED"]

130 24-290

6. On 2 February 1954, [redacted] Street, housewife, was interviewed in the presence of her husband, [redacted]. Mrs. [redacted] stated that she had been lying on the sofa in her living room on the morning of 1 February 1954, at approximately 1000 hours when she heard some jets flying over, and since they sounded like they were lower than usual she had gone outside to watch them. She said that she had gotten outside too late to see them, noting the clock which read 1005 hours. She said she had heard some more aircraft, had picked up her field glasses, a pair of 3 x 32, uncased and has gone outside again.

Mrs. [redacted] of [redacted], kept noting her field glasses handy because many aircraft passed over their home daily and she liked to watch them. She also stated that she had been hoping to see a flying saucer some time and this was the reason she always had the field glasses handy and watched the sky just about any chance she had. She said she had watched the vapor trails and had eight or this object hovering in the sky. She said this object was only slightly colored, round in shape, luminous and seemed to be sort of hazy or cloudy looking, round the edges. She said it was almost due north, the sky was blue and the sun was at her back. She said she had used the field glasses but was no more able to describe the object. She advised that she had looked around to see if there was someone else home at the time, could show it to but her one of her neighbors at home and the only person in the vicinity was about 100 yards away. She said the object seemed to be drifting toward the east; it had tilted a little and at this angle had seemed to be bill [illegible], and the bottom appeared as a very radiant orange-red glow. She said through her field glasses it looked like a radiant and she could see some [illegible] objects through the glow which resembled a landing gear. At this point [illegible] said, "It's just like the pictures I have seen in magazines of flying saucers."

[The rest of the document continues but becomes partially illegible in parts]

The document appears to be a witness statement about a UFO sighting on 2 February 1954.


- page 9 -

UNCLASSIFIED

180 24-280

7. Mrs. [redacted] volunteered the following information about herself; she is thirty-eight years of age, a housewife, has lived at this address for approximately five months, moving to Puente from Maywood. She said she was very interested in flying phenomena, read all articles, publications, and watched television when in particular, flying saucers or aerial phenomena.

AT LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA:

8. On 2 February 1954, [redacted], writer and photographer, was interviewed and stated that on 1 February 1954, he had received a call from [redacted] at approximately 1430 hours at which time a cold phenomenon had informed him that a site and wife had seen a aerial phenomena, had collected a substance, and they believed had come from the object and had asked if [redacted] would be interested in talking to them. He had called [redacted] and had told him to bring the substance to his house. Said he was there at his home at approximately 1630 hours, 1 February 1954. [redacted] and [redacted], the wives of each met looked at the substance which was slipping to a piece of cloth in a quart jar and was removed the residue or substance had disappeared from the object, so he had photographed the object for that reason. He was told that the substance was with the clock and substance in it. He studied that, and later with 36th Tech Section tape, had developed the qualities of the photographs taken of the smaller jar, and had taken the same into another room to question her, while [redacted] had questioned [redacted].

9. On 1 February [redacted] was interviewed and when asked what [redacted] told her, related the same information as [redacted] told the writer. [redacted] advised that she had seen the residue on the black cloth in the quart jar, was assured when the cloth had been withdrawn from the jar and observed that the residue had seemed to vanish upon contact with the air.

10. Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] volunteered the following information pertaining to their background: [redacted] advised that he was a graduate of the University of Southern California, class of 1933, holding a Bachelor's Degree in Journalism. He said he had been interested in flying saucers, aerial phenomena since 1947, collecting information and documenting as much as the information as possible. He said he had written articles on this matter and unexplained mysteries for the [redacted] aviation for five years, was a staff writer and had written and published a book, "Forgotten Mysteries", which republished some of the tales of "Tales of the Supernatural". He had sent this book to Walter Winchell in 1947, and Walter had carried some of this book in his column.

Further advised that he had been called upon to appear as an authority on flying phenomena on different radio and television shows in the

UNCLASSIFIED

5

51 WG-17-1399


- page 10 -

UNCLASSIFIED

180 24-280

Los Angeles area. He said he was forty-four years of ago. Mrs. advised
that she had a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Southern
California School of Speech, and she acted as her husband's secretary and was
very well briefed on sightings and characteristics of aerial phenomena. Mr.
was a News Commentator, producer of Television shows and announcer for Station
KLAC, Los Angeles. Said that when General Van FLEET had been sent to
Korea, he had registered with the War Personnel Claims Office in Los Angeles.
Press Relations Officer for the 8th Army in Korea, he said that he
had been recalled as a Lt Colonel, had gone to Korea with General Van FLEET
in 1951, and had been released from active duty again in March 1953.

11. On 5 February 1954, a check of the files of the Los Angeles Federal
Bureau of Investigation on all above listed persons revealed no information of
a derogatory nature.

AT SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA

12. On 5 February 1954, a check of the files of the Los Angeles County
Sheriff's Office and the local police department was made in Puente and his city.
There is no city police department in Puente and the local law enforcement
agency having jurisdiction is the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Office at
San Diego.

INCLOSURES

FOR DISTRICT OFFICE NO. 11A, AIR REGIONAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER, WRIGHT-
PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, DAYTON, OHIO ATTN: 26 (2 cys)

1. Photograph of pint jar with residue on black cloth inclosed.

CLOSED

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 11 -

