PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
10 July 1954

2. LOCATION
Somerset, Penna.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
2055

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
DX Ground-Visual BX

5. GMT
11/0155Z

6. SOURCE
CIVILIAN

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 Seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Short vapor trail over western horizon. Golden in sunlight, with a brilliant object at the south end of the trail. Observed through BK. Disintegrated very rapidly. No object at end of this trail. Moved BK southward, saw a brilliant golden object or light. No sound. Object estimated over 10 miles distance. Trail size of trail 3 arms length.

11. COMMENTS
Evaluated as a contrail

12. CONCLUSIONS
Other: CONTRAIL
(Checked box for "Other: CONTRAIL")

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top of document, partially cut off]
In told, I gave Flight Field my theory that there were "sausage" belts or areas.
I noted that both coasts were "wired", in the section from Chicago into the east.
weather stations: Chicago, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio into east Virginia,
Pennsylvania, for some reason, is not "wired" with same sign, and, what there
is a reason, seems to be SINUS SIGNAL. Have not noticed it so, am I correct?

TO JULY 1954

Sirs:-

Although I am cognizant of the fact that it will do no good to
send you the "Sighting" possible U.F.O. sighting, since Naval has hospitalized
you gentlemen into thinking all and everything, no matter how intelligently
many-worded, are MIRAGES, I never-the-less, am disposed to waste several
minutes of my time and a three cent stamp in presenting the following:

Time: Approximately 7:55 P.M. D.S.T. Place: Approximately 6
miles north of Somerset, Pa. (either on U.S. 30 or State Highway, cloudless, sun just set. As we were driving north of Somerset, I chanced to
see a short vapor trail high over western horizon. Golden in the sunlight,
with a brilliant object at the south and at the trail. Immediately got out
of car and trained 7 X 50 Zeiss binoculars on trail. This took about 15 seconds. From first moment of sighting, the vapor trail, through the glasses had
practically disappeared (Fig. 2). I was amazed at the rapidity of disintegration. To point was at the end of the trail. Then, as I moved the lines
southward, I saw a brilliant, golden object or light far to the south of the
by now disappeared trail, as I looked, this bright object, (THROUGH TRAIL),
faded out, and the scene was clear of trail or object. No sound of jet. Object
POSSIBLY over IC MILES distant. Trail, size of thread. Some length, very
fine, but very clearly defined in the first few seconds. I have seen data
in the sunset, and their brilliant, golden trails, but I have never seen a trail
disappear so suddenly, with the object, (THROUGH TRAIL), "as vanished".

Thank heaven for news commentator, Frank Edwards, who is public-minded
enough to present, several times a week, with U.F.O. sightings. For also
can point out several research-like model-like or current sightings. I think
it disgraced that one or more groups should feel that they hold a "monopoly"
on UFO object. It is definitely FUTILE, gentlemen.

[Signature area blacked out]

Figs. 1, 2, and 3 are noted at bottom of page but are not visible in this scan.


- page 2 -

