There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which documented UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 23 June 1954
2. LOCATION: Bexley, Ohio
3. DURATION GROUP: Local
CASE #: 4/2002
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10-15 minutes
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: 0235 EST, 1100.
8. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [Redacted]
9. COURSE: [Redacted]
10. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
11. COMMENTS: [Handwritten text omitted per instructions]
12. CONCLUSIONS: [Checkboxes unchecked]

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

I then started to Col. O'Mara's office to report the whole incident to him. Before I could leave the office, however, I received another phone call from the RIO. A Major Z23 asked me if I had called from the press on the UFOB. I told him of the conversation just prior with Mr. Fisher and that I was on my way to report it to Col. O'Mara. Mr. Z23 stated he would try to hold off the press until he heard from me.

I then proceeded to Col. O'Mara's office and reported word-for-word all that I had reported to the RIO. Col. O'Mara questioned AMC PIO, and it was decided that no official AF statement of any kind would be printed. AMC PIO also stated they would inform the press to contact Washington (Hq USAF) for a statement in about one (1) week. Col. O'Mara then directed the undersigned airman to send a message immediately to D/I, USAF including all available details on the case. Attachment #2.

After the message was drafted and submitted for transmission the undersigned airman commenced a journal investigation to obtain all possible details of the sighting. I telephoned NCR, Dayton, and asked him if I could talk with him regarding the UFOB report. He agreed, and I met with the source in Bldg. #77, of NCR at approx 1400 hours 24 June 1954.

The source was very cooperative and seemed discouraged at his inability to identify the object. The source, upon my request, accomplished one (1) copy of the "D-2, Air Force Technical Information Sheet." Attachment #1. While source was completing the form, I talked with him and obtained the following statements:

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows only text, which I will proceed to transcribe below.

"It thought it was a 'blowjob' (sic) at first." 
"It had a continuous brightness; no flickering or pulsating."
"I chased it out of sight."
"It made several complete circles. But it seemed to make from, in position, right with me."
"It seemed to be whatever it was, watched my lights, for when I started to change my position, he would go right with me."
"When I contacted Patterson-Hines, I told them of the situation and asked them to watch as I flew over. They said they only saw me. I also asked for my radar position. They told me I was on a NE heading and I was on a SE heading. I corrected them but received no reply."
"There was definite linear movement of the object in relation to my aircraft."
"It is like me, I didn't leave it."
"I contacted a C-47, aircraft S/N 263, I think, that was alerted by Patterson to be on the lookout for the thing. The pilot said he didn't see a thing."
"I knew there was a blowjob up from the 97th somewhere over Columbus."
"There were two other F-51 boys up over Columbus. Before the sighting, I had intended to join formation with them. I believe it was Lt Wallace and Lt Wilmer. When I saw it, I asked Wallace 'Tell you see that blowjob?' He said 'Yes, I see it.'"

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

"I first saw the object at approximately 8,000 feet and when I reached Dayton I was at 8,000 feet."
"It chased me from Columbus to Dayton; I chased it back to Columbus. It left me there."
"I remember when it left me. I had climbed to about 12,000 or 12,500 feet."
"Before I left the source, I explained to him the sensitive nature of this situation as far as the Air Force and the press were concerned. He stated that he was called earlier in the day by a reporter and had given him an account of the sighting." 
"The source stated he did not initiate release of the incident to the press and that he did not have any idea of whom informed them first. In fact, the source was quite angry upon learning of the initial leak to the press."
"I completed my interrogation of the source at approximately 1335 hours and returned to ATIC."

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from a report of interviews related to Project Blue Book.

II. REPORT OF INTERVIEWS

A. Tower Operator - Patterson AFB - 25 June 1954.
1. At 0600 hours, the unidentified airman visited the Patterson Tower and met with Sgt. Shoemaker, who was on duty at the time of the incident. Sgt. Shoemaker stated that Lt. Roe contacted the tower at 2120 hours and requested the tower personnel to search for the object he was chasing towards Columbus. Lt. Roe also stated that the object seemed to be approximately five (5) miles in front of his aircraft.
Sgt. Shoemaker and another airman both grabbed binoculars and observed Lt. Roe's aircraft. It did not see any light. Sgt. Shoemaker then asked the pilot of C-47 aircraft, serial number 265 (which had just taken off) to observe Lt. Roe's object. Pilot replied he could not see any light of that sort. When Lt. Roe last reported his position to the tower, he was 15 miles SE of Columbus. Just after Lt. Roe's report, an F-86D aircraft reported it was 15 miles NW of Columbus and requested landing instructions.

- page 5 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

II. Report of Interview (continued)
B. Operations NCOIC - 97th FIS, Patterson AFB - 25 June 1954:
1. Immediately after leaving the Patterson Tower, I went to the 97th FIS to check for any unusual reports that they might have received during the same period of the sighting. M/Sgt. O'Cara, NCOIC of the Operations Section stated they had had two (2) aircraft in the air at that time. One, aircraft serial number 51-3013, piloted by Lt. Kirk, and aircraft serial number 51-3340, piloted by Captain Costa.
2. Take-off and landing times are as follows:
51-3013 7/0 2040 hours Landed 2220 hours
51-3340 7/0 2215 hours Landed 2305 hours
Sgt. O'Cara could not tell me which of the aircraft was in the Columbus area during the time of the sighting. Subject pilots could not be immediately located for questioning, but Sgt. O'Cara promised to ask them about the report and contact me at the earliest possible time.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. The image shows a typed document page from what seems to be a UFO report, likely from Project Blue Book.

II. Report of Interviews. (Continued)
C. Operations Officer - NG - Dayton Municipal Airport - 25 June 1954.
1. At approximately 1900 hours, 25 June 1954, the undersigned airman, accompanied by Dr. Hynek (ATIC Astro-Physicist consultant on UFOS) visited the 121st Fighter-Bomber Squadron of the Ohio National Guard based at the Dayton Municipal Airport. We were introduced to Captain Wagenhals, Operations Officer of that unit. (Note: Captain Wagenhals was the first and only Air Force official to notify the Aerial Phenomena Section of the UFO.) Captain Wagenhals was first to reach Lt. Roe when he landed. He stated to Lt. Roe "I must be going off my rocker because I saw something really strange up there." Lt. Roe proceeded to tell Captain Wagenhals the story of the sightings. The interview with the Captain practically verified everything the airman told the undersigned airman. Captain Wagenhals stated Lt. Roe would have to be awfully close to a jet aircraft to see its exhaust unless the jet was taking its afterburner. The jet theory was ruled out however by all three (3) persons at the interview when speed was taken into consideration. No jet could fly that slow (referring to Lt. Roe's stalking at approximately 100 - 100 MPH) and the object not passing him without apparent aerodynamic complications arising. Captain Wagenhals stated that the weather over the Dayton area was very clear and visibility unlimited.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, a UFO investigation project.

II. Report of Interview. (Continued)
D. Air Instructor, Dayton Municipal Airport, - 25 June 1954.
1. Upon completion of our discussion with Captain Wagenhals, we were introduced to Lt Colonel McClure (Reg AF Instructor). Colonel McClure had landed just before Lt. Roe. After landing, Lt Roe went to Colonel McClure's office and related the story to him. During our discussion with Colonel McClure he verified what we had previously obtained from the source on the UFO.
2. Lt. Roe suggested to Colonel McClure that at first he thought it was a star. But when he changed position a few times, it became apparent that it was not. (This statement was not revealed to the undersigned airman during his interview with the source.) Lt. Roe also stated he passed over the Dayton tower twice so that the tower personnel could observe the object, but sustained negative results.
3. Colonel McClure, who was returning from Pittsburg in a C-47, stated that visibility was good all the way from Pittsburg to Dayton. He also stated that a civilian Martin 202 had accompanied him from Pittsburg to Dayton. Just prior to landing the Dayton tower asked Colonel McClure if he had noticed any UFO, to which the Colonel replied "No".
4. Colonel McClure expressed the opinion that the UFO could have been a "scarcity" reflection which happens from time to time while flying an L-20 at night. However, the Colonel highly recommended Lt. Roe as a qualified observer and further stated, "This an old combat pilot with a lot of experience and in my (the Colonel's) opinion is a very well-sensible man, very reliable and sincere."

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads:

D. Air Instructor, No. Dayton Municipal Airport. - 25 June 1954. (Continued)
5. Dr. Byers later considered the canopy reflection phenomena as improbable due to the manoeuvrability of the UFO reported by Lt. Rob. Dr. Byers and the undersigned airman return to ATIC at approximately 12.15 hours, 25 June 1954.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing an interview with Mr. Mitchell of the USAF Radar Approach Control Office regarding an incident on June 25, 1954.

The text of the document is as follows:

II. Report of Interview (Continued)

1. At 1530 hours the undersigned airman called Mr. Mitchell of the RAC office to obtain information from the radar control operator who plotted Lt Rose's position. Mr. Mitchell stated the operator was not on duty at the time, but would be glad to have him write a statement and sign it as to what exactly happened when Lt. Rose contacted him for a plot. It was agreed that upon completion of the statement, Mr. Mitchell would notify the undersigned who will personally obtain the statement.

2. Mr. Mitchell did say that the operator told him that he had had two (2) aircraft on scope. One approaching NY (towards Vandalia) and the other, assumed to be Lt. Rose's aircraft, heading after the object.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the given image. However, the image contains text that appears to be a report from Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

CONCLUSIONS:

1. This report contains as many details and facts as were available on 24 and 25 June 1954. Upon reviewing this report, there are several paragraphs yet to be included, therefore, it is felt that this report can be utilized as a future rough draft report to facilitate appropriate future analysis, decisions, etc.

2. Dr. Hynek, AFOO-4, would also like to contribute to this report when it is finalized.

3. Tentative analysis of all available details obtained indicates the following:
The UCM was not -
a Jet aircraft,
a canopy reflection, 
or
a weather balloon.

TENTATIVE EVALUATION: A reflection phenomena of some sort. An attempt to further determine the source of the reported light will be conducted as soon as possible.

ALBERT N. DEYOUNG
T/Sgt, USAF
22 June 1954

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting by an ANG pilot flying an F-51 between Dayton and Columbus, Ohio on June 24, 1954.

CASE SUMMARY NUMBER 14

On the evening of 24 June 1954 an ANG pilot, flying an F-51 between Dayton and Columbus, Ohio, reported being followed in close formation by a light for more than 20 minutes. He performed various maneuvers in an attempt to either lose the light or collide with it; however, it remained in relatively the same position to the aircraft.

The pilot informed other air traffic and the Dayton control tower of the phenomena and they were unable to observe it as he flew by. Neither was able to see any light signals of the aircraft.

Project Blue Book evaluated this sighting as a canopy reflection.

The significance of this sighting was considerably heightened by the interest of the local press and a complete investigation was carried out.

- page 12 -

The provided image does not contain any photographic content. It appears to be a typed document from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a "REPORT OF TELEPHONE INTERVIEW WITH RADAR CONTROL OPERATOR" dated 1 July 1954.

The text of the document is as follows:

REPORT OF TELEPHONE INTERVIEW WITH RADAR CONTROL OPERATOR

At approximately 1130 hrs. 1 July 1954, the undersigned airman contacted S/Sgt. MAYNARD HARRIS, 131-48 AACS Det., W-P AFB, relative to the UFO report by 1st Lt. Roe.

At approximately 2130 hrs, 23 June 1954, S/Sgt Harris was contacted by the personnel of the Dayton Municipal Airport Tower. They asked S/Sgt Harris if his radar was working. They then explained that Lt. Roe was now over their tower and had complained of an object which had followed him from Columbus to Dayton. Sgt. Harris was requested to pick up Roe and the object if possible on the scope. Sgt. Harris' position as reported to Sgt. Harris by the Dayton tower was 150 ft. outside the 22 boundary of the Dayton Tower to W-P.

Sgt. Harris stated that when picked Lt. Roe on his scope and quickly, with what information he had, calculated Lt. Roe's position to be on a NE heading. Sgt. Harris admits this was a wrong assumption and upon notification by Lt. Roe of the wrong heading, the Sgt. recalculated and plotted two (2) targets on his scope. One (1) he surmised to be Lt. Roe's F-51, the other, which was first following Lt. Roe and then passed him by, seemed to be an object with a great amount of speed. (Sgt. Harris told the undersigned airman that it could have been a jet or "something else".) Sgt. Harris stated that there was quite a bit of air traffic in the area while he was plotting Lt. Roe's position. Also, the Sgt. stated that the pilots of call number 253 complained of something following him, but when requested to make an identification of the "something" he could see nothing. Sgt. Harris requested the pilot to keep his eyes open for anything unusual. The pilot also requested to see (who were up with the Columbus area) to have a radar check. No positive identification was provided.

ROBERT M. YREELAND
AIRMAN 3/C

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, likely part of the Project Blue Book records.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be handled as confidential material. Your name will not be used in any statements, conclusions, or publications without your express consent. We request this personal information as it is deemed necessary to further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time zone: 
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Circle One for each question)
b. Suddenly speed up and accelerate? 
c. Make a sudden stop?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

Yes No Don't Know
Yes No Don't Know
Yes No Don't Know
Yes No Don't Know
Yes No Don't Know
Yes No Don't Know
Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Telescope 
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass 
e. Binoculars

Yes No
Yes No
Yes No
Yes No
Yes No

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form with text fields to be filled out. 

1950s_scanned/1954-06-8714073-Columbus-Ohio.pdf16.txt

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound N/A
b. Color WHITE

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
1 3/4 7

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Distinct
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 16 -

There does not appear to be a photograph included in this image. It is a document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path or path and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
a. Cigarette (butt)
b. Pen
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Dollar
g. Silver dollar 
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following) which indicates how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Very certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Uncertain
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Faded from sight, disappeared suddenly, etc.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you saw something unusual in the sky and what type of material, if any, it would be made of and what other details you would have. Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same general appearance as the object which you observed.

IT SEEMED TO HAVE OBSERVED EVEN WHEN IT WENT AWAY FROM ME.

- page 17 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

23. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On a plane
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Where you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In an open countryside?
d. In the mountains?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____34.2____ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
a. Yes
b. No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: _5___ degrees from North, _30__ degrees from horizon.
31.2 When it disappeared: __3___ degrees from North, __35__ degrees from horizon.

- page 18 -

The image contains two sketches. The larger sketch appears to depict a person's perspective of a road or path, with buildings and trees along the sides. The smaller sketch shows a more distant view, with a person standing on a road or path against a landscape in the background.

32. The object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "3" on the curve and mark where you first saw it. show how high the object was above the horizon as you saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch show an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text found in the document is:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2,000 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1,000 - 1,500 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present job? Aeronautical Engineer - Training
Age: 34 Sex: Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school 8 c. College
b. High school 4 d. Post graduate
f. Other special training AIR FORCE RADAR TRAINING

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 29 JUNE 1954

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with various questions about weather conditions, sightings of objects, and other details related to a UFO report.

34. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Overcast or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thunderstorm
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Don't remember

35. WHEN DID YOU REPORT IT TO SOME OFFICIAL THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT?
Day __ Month __ Year __

36. WAS ANYONE ELSE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF YOU ANSWERED YES, DID THEY SEE THE OBJECT TOO?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 PLEASE LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES:

37. WAS THIS THE FIRST TIME THAT YOU HAD SEEN AN OBJECT OR OBJECTS LIKE THIS?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF YOU ANSWERED NO, THEN WHEN, WHERE, AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES DID YOU SEE OTHER ONES?

38. IN YOUR OPINION WHAT DO YOU THINK THE OBJECT WAS AND WHAT MIGHT HAVE CAUSED IT?
NOT DETERMINANT

- page 21 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form with some redacted information.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may rePe rePeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, or indicate if any particular items are important. Try to present the details of the observation clearly and concisely. Additional pages of the same paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED]
DATE: 3 - 5 - 54

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 5/4/1954
2. LOCATION Columbus, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP 4/20/3032
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION 0 Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS 0 Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 60
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
8. COURSE 359
9. COMMENTS "PROBABLE AIRCRAFT"
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object, reddish color, Altitude 5,000 ft. The observer watched the object for about 5 minutes. It was moving at a slow rate of speed, and went out of sight in a northwesterly direction.

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a scanned copy of a "JOINT MESSAGEFORM" from the Project Blue Book UFO report.

UPCB Verbal report by operations officer, AMD Unit at Dayton Municipal Airport, revealed the following details concerning UFOB: On routine flight in B-51, object observed by 1st LT Ross, ANG, on 23 June 1954. UFOB described as bright light off of wing tip. Source could not estimate distance of UFOB. Source and UFOB at altitude of 7000 ft. Source contacted Municipal Airport tower to alert personnel as he flew over. Tower personnel did not see object. Source attempted several 90 degree turns into object with negative results. UFOB remained on wing tip until about 40 miles SW of Columbus. It is unclear if this object was an UFOB or some other phenomenon.

- page 24 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in the image provided. The image shows a "JOINT MESSAGEFORM" document from the Communications Center.

OCR Text:
NOT KNOWN if source left or lost UFOB. No further details at this time. ATIC preliminary analysis: Radiation phenomena of some type. Through investigation ATIC in progress first ATIC report will be forwarded to your Headquarters. Local press reported ATIC as to explanation. Press said through PIO, AMC, to contact Hq USAF in one week for Air Force statement.

COORDINATION:
ATTACH:  L. COL T. C. JOHNSTON  DATE 24 JUNE 54
ATTIC: M. L. O'HERON  DATE 25 JUNE 54
CT: B.D. DUNCAN  DATE 24 JUNE 54

- page 25 -

The image contains a photograph depicting an artistic rendering of a strange object "chasing" a plane home. The text accompanying the image refers to it as a "Saucer Watchers Ready" and describes the incident of a pilot being chased by a "white light" while flying near the Vandalia airport.

Article which appeared in the morning edition of the "Springfield Sun" 25 June 1954

Ohio's Air Officials Are Investigating "Flying Saucer" Story Related By Pilot

DAYTON, Ohio, June 24--Dayton Air Force Base officials would give no information on the sighting other than to say a "verbal report" had been received. A pilot, they said, had reported seeing a "white light" which he thought was a "flying saucer." The pilot, they said, was returning from a 45-minute training flight when the incident occurred. The pilot landed at the National Guard (OANG) base at Springfield Airport.

The official at the National Cash Register Co., where the pilot worked, said he had given a "verbal report" on the incident but added he was instructed not to discuss it further.

The pilot was quoted as saying he "picked up the object" while on a training flight, and that it followed him to the airport at Vandalia and then took off at high speed. The pilot said the object appeared to be about 30 feet in diameter, and kept maneuvering above and behind him. He said he couldn't get it in his sights. The pilot finally lost sight of the object. Though it was still hovering, he said, when he landed the object did not reappear.

A spokesman in the area, apparently a member of the Air Force, said the incident was reported to officials at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. He added that he had no further information and could not confirm or deny the pilot's story.

Article from the Dayton "Journal Herald", 25 June 1954

- page 26 -

The shared image appears to contain a newspaper article or report about a sighting of an "Unidentified Object" near Columbus, Ohio. The article mentions a "45-Minute Chase Of 'Unidentified Object'" and includes several details about the sighting, such as the fact that the object was seen by an Air Force officer and that it was maneuvering and changing direction quickly. However, the image does not contain any photographs.

ANOTHER SAUCER?
Dayton Flyer Reports 45-Minute Chase Of 'Unidentified Object'
Dayton had another "flying saucer" Wednesday and it was chased for 45 minutes by a pilot for the Ohio National Guard, who said he saw it "break off" when he got close. 
A spokesman in the area where the sighting occurred confirmed that the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base had been informed and said that no further information could be given.
ROY TOLD how he "tried to close in an effort to get it within range quickly and get a better look for identification." He said: "I made left and right turns, but it out-maneuvered me. It changed direction quickly and seemed to stay about the same distance ahead of me. I couldn't close the gap no matter how I tried." 
He was flying one of the Guard's F-51 training fighters on a routine flight when he first saw the object. "It looked like a ball of fire at first. Then I could see it was disk-shaped and was maneuvering at a terrific rate of speed," he said.
"When I broke off, it just seemed to fade out. I can't say whether it went straight up, straight down or just disappeared." He said he had never seen anything like it before.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual evidence. It appears to be a document from Project 10073 Record, with various fields filled out related to a UFO sighting report from Columbus, Ohio on June 26, 1954. The document includes details such as the date, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, and whether photos or physical evidence were obtained. The brief summary and analysis indicates that no ground was noticed, only a reflection of city lights was observed, and the objects contained many lights similar to incandescent lights.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
26 June 1954

2. LOCATION
Columbus, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 - 2 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground visual

7. COURSE
333°

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

10. CONCLUSION
POSSIBLE A/C

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
No ground noticed. Reflection of city lights as painted. 1 - 2000 alts, speed - 20 - 30(?) contained many lights similar to incandescent lights.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report of an interview regarding a sighting of an unidentified flying object.

6 October 54

REPORT OF INTERVIEW

1. Received at approximately 1550 hrs, 5 Oct 54, the undersigned airman received a call from Mr. Marshall's office, Area Engineering Maintenance Office, Bldg 10, Room 120. He stated that Mr. Marshall wished to report an unidentified flying object he had observed on the afternoon of 4 Oct 54 and requested an interview. The interview was conducted at 1510 hrs, 5 Oct 54 in Mr. **** office.

2. The meeting commenced in Mr. **** office at the Engineering Maintenance office at the rear of Bldg 10, Room 120. The following information was obtained during the interview:

Name of observer: **** (Civilian)
Address: Columbus, Ohio
Employer: Columbus Showcase Company, 393 W Fifth Avenue, Columbus, Ohio
Date of Observation: 30 June 1954, 0837 hrs (a)
Location of Observation: Bldg 10, Area Engr Maint Office, Columbus, Ohio
Duration of Observation: 2 - 3 minutes
Type of Observation: Ground - Visual
No. of Objects: One (1)
Course of Object: NW - SE
Speed of Object: Approximately 300 MPH
Altitude of Object: Approximately 2000 ft
Color: Appeared to be a reflection from a painted surface
Shape: Like that of a football
Color: Appeared to be a reflection from a painted surface

3. Mr. **** , a middle aged gentleman, seemed slightly nervous throughout the interview. He was very sincere about his observation and spoke intelligently of matters concerning UFO's, jets, and astronomy. He stated he was a firm believer in Dr. Hynek's (CSKI) works.

4. The source was requested to complete an AF Technical Information Sheet and return it to ATIC-5 ASAP. He was also given a APAST sheet. (PIO Release).

R. F. Fogle
T/Sgt
ATAC-5

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with various questions to be answered by the observer.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in any publication.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30 July 1954

2. Time of day:
9:00 P.M.

3. Time zone:
a. Eastern

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Columbus, Ohio
Nearest Postal Address: At window in bath room at rear( north side)

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
15 Minutes 

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
c. Fairly certain

6. What was the condition of the sky?
b. Full daylight

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
d. To your left

- page 30 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form for observers to fill out about their sightings.

3. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many 
d. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF IT WAS BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? 
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (distant car)?    b. Several blocks away?    c. A block away?    d. Several yards away?    e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still?   b. Suddenly speed up and dash away?   c. Break up into parts or explode?   d. Give off smoke?   e. Change brightness?   f. Change shape?   g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

12. Did the object move behind something, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle appropriate answers)
a. Eyeglasses   b. Binoculars   c. Telescope   d. Windshield   e. Other

- page 31 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

76. In a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None. Also, noted absence of other noise such as traffic.
b. Color - Gunmetal or metallic.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Shapes and proportions of a football - no protuberances noted.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a sharp star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing questions and responses related to a sighting of an unidentified object.

Steady motion---see sup-plementary sheets.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. [Question not answered]

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand - a. Nickel, b. Pea, c. Dime, d. Quarter, e. Silver dollar, f. Baseball, g. Grapefruit, h. Basketball, i. Other? FOOTBALL 15 FT.

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Moved beyond angular range of view.

24. In order that you can see clearly, I would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. What type of material would you make it of? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which were placed up in the sky which gave it the same appearance as the object which you saw. OF METAL-SHAPED LIKE A FOOTBALL- 200 FT. MAJOR AXIS.

- page 33 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

UNCLASSIFIED

JEDIH A21IJJFKL A21
JEDBO 35
PS JEDED JEDIH JEDMP JEPHO JAXKL ZOY
FS JEDBO 35
CANDR ADIV VAL LOCKBOURNE AFB OHIO
DC PHHHOADEAD TRS HUE VAL OBCO ASDO DC
ID PHHO 138 JEDVD GINT AFB COLO
JEDVP/CCMDR ATIC WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB OHIO 
JEDD/H/CCMDR OAR CH 15 B-52'S

1. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT CAN THE FOLLOWING:
A. INDUSTRIAL: B. BASEBALL: C. WHITE: D. NONE: 
E. N/A: F. N/A: G. NONE: H. NONE.

2. I. EXTREMELY FAST: DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT CLN:
A. RAD XMSN FROM WPAFX PUT CREW ON THE ALERT: 
B. 2:32 DEC HEADING 5-15 DEG ELEVATION FOR 2-9 CLOCK HIGH FROM GROUND 
C. 3:30 ACT DEC 5-9 CLOCK HIGH OR 12 DEC ELEVATION 
D. MADE - GRADUAL TURN FROM HEADING TO 332 - 9 DEG AND BEGAN VERY LIGHT CLIMB:
E. NORMAL SLOW OUT OF SIGHT.
3. MANFR OF OBSERVATION: 
A. AIR VISUAL: B. NONE:

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in this image, only hand-drawn sketches. The image contains two sketches:

1. The first sketch depicts a curved trajectory showing how high the observed object was above the horizon.

2. The second sketch shows a larger landscape sketch with a person standing in the foreground, and a smaller inset sketch showing an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Here is the text I have extracted from the image:

32. In the following sketch, imagine you are looking at the point shown. Place a dot where you first saw the object, and a "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, draw your sketch of the position the object was in when you first saw it. Here is a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Outside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an aircraft
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was going to business and just happened to look out 3rd window.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the North and also the number of degrees it was upward (or elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 13 degrees North, degrees up.
31.2 When it disappeared: 20 degrees North, degrees up.

- page 36 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Scattered clouds
c. Overcast or heavy clouds
d. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. Calm
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember 

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Raining or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
__Day      __Month      ___ Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One) Yes     No      However, the object was seen by others.

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes    No     Supplementary sheets.

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
______________

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other one?
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Type of aircraft 8-12 ft. Air force.

- page 37 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES, No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 50 m.p.h.
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes, No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2000 feet.
41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted], Columbus, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present job? Design draftsman
Age: 53
Sex: Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school Grade 9
c. College
d. Post graduate
42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 23 Sept., 1954

- page 38 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, containing text and a hand-drawn diagram or sketch.

The text output from the OCR is as follows:

The other person to see this object was a co-worker;
Dr. __, Columbus, Ohio.

We are not related. At work Monday June 28 the mentioned that I had seen a bright light in the sky. He said that he had also seen the same light. I do not really recall clearly seeing the light, but he said that he has seen an object which he described as "a brilliant light, larger than a star, shaped like a cigar or egg and having a bluish color." The object was seen by him on the way to his house on the main road, more than twice the size of the moon, and this lasted for approximately 30 seconds. I also judged it's size to be similar to a football and all was over almost as soon as it began. Neither of us saw anything more than the object which I believe resembled the one I saw in the afternoon last March 21 as I was driving home from work. I told him that the same or a similar object was seen by me one afternoon last March 21 as I was driving home from work.

This statement, and the diagram that is included, appear to be part of a larger Project Blue Book document related to a UFO sighting report from the Columbus, Ohio area in 1954.

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) that details an investigation report.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and acted on as accurately as possible, please use the following space to give a short description of the event that you observed. You may refer to any comments that you have already given in the questionnaires, and add any further comments.

NAME: (BLANKED OUT)
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE: (BLANKED OUT)
DATE: (BLANKED OUT)

The report describes a sighting of a "glow of light" that was observed from a bathroom window. The witness reported that the light was "approaching", and that when it was about 15-17 minutes away, a "vertical plane" became visible, which the witness describes in detail. The report then goes on to describe the object's movements and disappearance.

- page 40 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is the table of contents for a document related to Project Blue Book. The text in the table of contents is as follows:

TABLE OF CONTENTS

I. Investigator's Narrative Report.
II. Report of Interviews (In chronological order).
    A. Tower Operator - Patterson AFB - 25 June 1954.
    B. Operations AFCIDE - 57th STS, Patterson AFB - 25 June 1954.  
    C. Operations Officer - UNS - Dayton Municipal Airport - 25 June 1954.
    D. Air Intelligence Officer (MI), Dayton Municipal Airport - 25 June 1954.
    E. Assistant Operations Officer of Patterson AFB Radar Approach Control Office - 25 June 1954.

III. ATTACHMENTS
    A. Attachment No. 1 - "U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet", compiled by Source on 24 June 1954.
    B. Attachment No. 2 - Joint Messageform - RPT (Preliminary) sent to D/I, Hq USAF.
    C. Attachment No. 3 - Local press coverage of UFOB report.

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PAGE THREE JEDBO '53
A. NA
B. FRANK J. GSHWANDTNER 2ND MAJOR CM 3 23 STRAT RECON SQ. ACFT
7. WEA AND WINDSALOFT CLN
A. CLOUD COVER 32/2/K TEMP PLUS 22C
33333 35/13K PLUS 11C
33333 35/22K PLUS 13C
33333 35/30K MINUS 3C
33333 35/39K MINUS 12C
33333 35/45K MINUS 17C
C. UNLIMITED
D. 15 JUNE-25 MILES-
E. NONE-
2. NONE-
3. NONE-
13. NONE-
14. LINK-
15. UMO STRAT RECON SQ - - - OBSR INDG THAT THE OBJECT MIGHT HAVE

PAGE FOUR JEDBO 58
BEEN AN ACFT LANDING - LIGHT OUT THE ABSENCE OF ALL OTHER LIGHTS AND
-8/2/58 SAID OBSD CAUSE CRTCHT MAKE THIS UNTIL REPLY-

- page 42 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a transcript of a conversation.

The text of the document is as follows:

2. Capt. Hardin, chief, Aerial Phenomena Section, was not present in the office when the above report was received by the undersigned airman. Immediately upon return of Capt. Hardin, he was informed of the telephone conversation. It was decided by Capt. Hardin (after short analysis of the facts available) and the undersigned airman, that the report was a reflection of some type and we would investigate the matter more thoroughly on Monday, 26 June 1954. (Capt. Hardin then departed on two (2) days leave.)

3. At approximately 10:45 hours, the plot began to thicken. Sgt Drepperd received another telephone call from "Doc" Fisher of the Dayton Daily Newspaper. Following is the exact conversation as I, (Sgt. Drepperd), remember it:

Mr. Fisher, "Did you fellows receive a UFOB report - is it true."

Sgt. Drepperd, "Yes, I received a verbal report earlier this morning."

Mr. Fisher, "What did it look like?"

Sgt. Drepperd, "I am sorry, but I am not authorized to make any statements or press releases."

Mr. Fisher, "I see." "This fellow was in the OSI, wasn't he?"  

Sgt Drepperd, "I am awfully sorry, but I can't release any information. The only agency that releases official Air Force statements is USAF PIO. I suggest you contact Hq USAF for further information."

Mr. Fisher, "Washington, can you tell Washington know of this report?"

Sgt. Drepperd, "Sorry, can't tell you. Let me call you back after I check with my superiors."

Mr. Fisher, "O.K. I've still got 25 minutes to press time. Goodbye."

- page 43 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

I. INVESTIGATOR'S NARRATIVE REPORT
25 June 1954

SUBJECT: Unidentified Object Report by 1st Lt. Harry Roe, Ohio Air National Guard Pilot

1. At approximately 2915 hours, Thursday, 24 June 1954, the undersigned airman, HQCO, Aerial Phenomena Section, received a telephone call from Capt. Wagenhals, Operations Officer of the Ohio Air National Guard stationed at the Dayton Municipal Airport. Subject of the conversation was the report of an UFOB observed by 1st Lt. Harry Lee Roe, Jr., Ohio Air National Guard Pilot, while he was on a routine flight between Dayton and Columbus. Following are the details related during the conversation:

Time of sighting: Between 2045 and 2215 hours, 23 June 1954
Object - Bright light
Size - Unknown
(Note: Due to a very poor telephone connection, Sgt. Dreppard could not hear Capt. Wagenhals' report distinctly.)

Capt. Wagenhals stated, "the source had initial contact with the UFOB NW of Dayton at 2100 hours, 23 June 54." Source could not estimate distance of UFOB. Source told Capt. Wagenhals that, "he and object remained at approximately 7000' to 8000' altitude throughout observation." Source contacted Municipal Airport tower to alert personnel as he flew over.

Source further told Capt. Wagenhals that, "he attempted several 30 degree turns into object with negative results." UFOB remained "on a wing tip course towards Columbus." Source stated "he maintained to June 54."

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing a UFO sighting.

Here is the text from the document:

"Object first appeared at approximately 8 o'clock."
"It seemed down twilight (in the darker portion of the sky) all during my observation."
"I tried practically every maneuver I knew of to get it into the twilight and obtain a silhouette, if possible. I tried changing my heading and altitude with negative results."
"At one time, I chopped the throttle, put gear and flaps down in hopes that it would pass by. I was down to 100 - 120 RPM, but the damn thing acted like there was a pilot out there."
"When I slowed down all of a sudden, he gave a little surge at first, came practically parallel with me, and then maintained the same speed as I did off off my right wing."
"It seemed to be a regular fighter turns into the object, but at all times it stayed with me. However, when I resumed my headings toward Dayton, sometimes he would be on my left and sometimes he was on my right."
"During most of the turns, it remained at an 8 o'clock position."
"It seemed to be slightly above me at all times."
"Estimated distance from observer - "It's very hard to tell but I guess he was anywhere from 1000 to 1800 feet from me."
"Both the size and intensity were very similar to an aircraft taillight."

- page 45 -

