PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
12 Mar 54

2. LOCATION
Seranton, Pennsylvania

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1900
GMT 19/0002

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☑Ground-Visual ☐Ground-Radar
☐Air-Visual ☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☑ No

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20-30 seconds

DURATION OF SIGHTING
Luminous, shape of vapor trail or tail of meteor - no detail

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

8. COURSE
civilian

9. CONCLUSIONS
☑ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon

☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft

☐ Was Astronomical Meteor
☑ Probably Astronomical Meteor
☐ Possibly Astronomical Meteor

☐ Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

10. COMMENTS
Possibly a luminous green fireball meteor.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

HQ, 31 DISTRICT (GR) II
1618 S. Cameron Stre
Scranton, Pa.

UNCLASSIFIED

300 14-10-96                                                                   19 March 1954

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO:     Director, Special Investigations
        Headquarters United States Air Force
        Washington 25, D. C.

1. SYNOPSIS: [Mostly redacted/blacked out]

2. DETAILS: On 26 March 1954, the Scranton, Pa. Detachment of the 34 District (GR) (USAF) received a [partially redacted] letter, received from [redacted], concerning an unidentified flying object in Scranton, Pa. Approximately 1940 hours 12 March 1954 at Scranton, Pa. A copy of this letter is attached as an enclosure to this report.

On 16 March 1954, interviewed by Special Agent ALDEN T. [rest of paragraph mostly redacted]

UNCLASSIFIED

T 54 4265

Handwritten notes on the document include:
- "Wilcox" (top left)
- "No record" and other partially legible notes (top right)
- Downgraded classification note: "DOWNGRADED AT 5 YEAR INTERVALS: DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS, DOD DIR 5200.10"


- page 2 -

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

Subj: Unidentified Flying Objects

(1) Description of the object(s):

(a) Shape - Observer stated that the object was in the shape of a vapor trail similar to those made by high-flying aircraft, which is approximal to his to about two (2) feet in width and then 15 was equally distant from beginning to end.

(b) Size compared to a known object - Observer stated that he could not compare the object to any known object.

(c) Color - Luminous - no particular color.

(d) Number - One (1).

(e) Formation, if more than one - Not applicable.

(f) Any discernible features or details - None.

(g) Tail, trail, or element, including size of same compared to size of object(s) - Observer remarked a vapor trail and stated that he first thought it was the exhaust of a jet or the tail of a meteor.

(h) Sound. If heard, describe sound - "None heard. Observer stated that traffic was a nearby highway may have masked any sound that the object(s) made.

(i) Other pertinent or unusual features - None.

(2) Description of course of object(s):

(a) That first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s) - Observer stated that he was looking into the sky while walking when he noticed the object while doing so.

(b) Angle of elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first seen - Observer estimated that he first saw object at an angle of elevation of about 30°.

(c) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance - Unknown.

The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the page.


- page 3 -

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

300 1-10-56
Subj: Unidentified Flying OBJECT(S)

(c) Description of course of object(s): Cont'd

(d) Description of flight path and movement of object(s). - Witness stated that the object was proceeding due north as an altitude he could not estimate, and that the object made no maneuvers while he had it in sight.

(e) Manner of disappearance of object(s). - Witness stated that the object grew dim or was turned around due to the plane of light on the ground.

(f) Length of time in sight. - About 20 - 30 seconds.

(5) Manner of observation:

(a) One or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, dir-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic, (if electronic, specify type or radar). - Ground-visual.

(b) Statement as to optical side (telescope, binoculars, and so forth) and description thereof. - None.

(c) If sighting is made while airborne, give type aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station. - Not applicable.

(d) Time and date of sighting:

(a) Date time-group of sighting. - Approximately 1940 hours EST, 12 March 1954.

(b) Light, condition (use one of the following terms). - Night, dark, clear.

(5) Location of observer(s). - North latitude and longitude of each observer, or center point with reference to a known point. Approximately 41°00 North 75 deg. West, in Scranton, Pa.

(6) Identifying information of all observer(s):

(a) Civilian-name, age, mailing address, and center of reliability. - (Redacted), age (redacted), Scranton, Pa. Employed as a laborer in the finishing

3

UNCLASSIFIED

T54-4965


- page 4 -

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

Subj: Unidentified Flying Objects

UNCLASSIFIED

(6) (a) Department of the U. S. Nofman Endicotry Co., South Meadow Ave., Scranton, Pa. High school graduate and has never attended college. He was in the Infantry until March 1946 and has not been in the service since. To his knowledge he was in the Air Force, and has only a mild interest in and knowledge of aviation. He appears to be slow and deliberate in his thinking and talking, and during the interview did not seem to be lying or trying to draw attention to himself. He was somewhat during the interview that he had not been including his knowledge to his observation. Although it is noted that he is not a trained observer, it is deemed that he is reporting something he actually observed. The interviewer rates the source and the information as about C-5.

(7) Weather and wind draft conditions at time and place of sighting:

(a) Observed(s) amount of weather conditions. - Observed cloud(s) that might and very clear and then were no clouds. Came and went with the wind on ground.

(b) Report from nearest U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity is Avoca, 6,800', 19,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 60,000', if available.

(c) Ceiling. - Unlimited.

(d) Visibility. - Clear night.

(e) Amount of cloud cover. - None.

(f) Thunderstorm in area and quadrant in which located. - None.

(g) Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting. - None known.

(9) Existence of any physical evidence of the sighting, such as materials and photographs. - None.

UNCLASSIFIED

154-4225


- page 5 -

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

Subj: Unidentified Flying Object

(10) Interception or identification action taken (each action by 1st Lt CLEARENCE J. COLE, Jr., with certain air defense directives). - None known or observed.

(11) Location of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting. - None observed.

(12) Pertinent data and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting. - ALVIN I. WARNER, JR., Special Agent, OSI, Detachment 4, 4602 AISS, Det. Seranton, 24 Merrick Ct (M) USAF.

On 26 March 1954, 1st Lt CLEARENCE J. COLE, Adjutant, 648th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron, Scranton, Pa., was interviewed by Special Agent WARNER at the CADIN Area Engineer. COLE stated that a 1st is incident on all flying objects sighted and examined revealed that a review of the log indicated that flying objects were sighted or tracked at approximately 1940 hours 26 March 1954.

3. ACTION: Director of Special Investigations, Washington 25, D.C., ATTN: AFCIN-3X; Directorate of Intelligence, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, ATTN: ATIC; and Commanding General, Strategic Air Command, Offutt AFB, Nebr., Field of this sighting of a unidentified flying object by Spot Intelligence Report.

[Signature]
Capt, USAF
FOR AND IN THE ABSENCE OF
OWEN E. COLAW
Major, USAF
District Commander

[Unclassified stamp at bottom]


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

500 1-10-56

The following is a copy of a letter, undated and unsigned, received by the 3d District CSI (M) Detachment, Scranton, Pa., in an envelope addressed to Dept of the Air Force, Special Investigations Dept., Select Building, Scranton, Pa., postmarked Scranton, Pa., 15 March 1954.

"Sirs:

I do not know whether or not I'm writing to the proper party or whether this is of any importance, but I figure there is no harm done.

Friday, March 12 about 20 minutes to 5 in the evening I was walking up 13th Street in the city and I saw something that I cannot explain. I stopped and looked up and saw a bright light. I took a few steps and stopped to watch the movement. I saw it moving slowly and then it seemed to move more clearly. It was moving parallel to the street. I was walking east. I figured this was about 13 blocks from the center. It was bright from first to last. It was about the same height from first to last. I figured it was a bright flying object. I do not know of any power by its own. The world around it was clear. I saw how clear it did not fly. I did not see any signals to guide the way but I waited for about 20 or 30 seconds. It was a high flying job it was not clearly flying.

My view was not clear to me as to what it was or was not a flying machine."

Thank you


- page 7 -

