PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
25 June 1954

2. LOCATION
Indian Lake, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1705EDST
GMT 27/1052

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☒ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 - 5 Minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
SE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Followed metal (very light). Suddenly speeded up. No sound. Underside of object appeared flat. Inverted cone on top. Speed - 2000MPH. 40' in diameter.

11. COMMENTS
Continuation in account.
Visual - Balloon
Radar-Unidentified

12. CONCLUSIONS
☒ Was Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: UNIDENTIFIED
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)     BY STAFF D.O.

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-past information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
DATE: [Redacted]

In 1900 hours, 25 June 57, at Dayton Bering, I was at the Day Rm. 16, Bg. 16, WADC, asked, reported that Captain Edwards, CD #4, WADC, had sighted an unidentified aerial device sighting. Captain Edwards told Lieut. Berzing that M/Sgt Quirk at Patterson AFB Tech Control (Radar Control) told the details and that the sighting was by Mr. John Mack at the Biltmore Hotel in Dayton.

M/Sgt Quirk, when asked by the undersigned, states that Dayton Lower at Municipal Airport called at 1714. Dayton Lower said they received a report of a sighting of a very tall finger approximately 410 miles NE of City in red square that was moving in the sky.

[Last line partially illegible]


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

USAFTIS                                                                Page 2

[Several lines at the top are crossed out and illegible]

"maintained six years" then six years an mi
the direction it began motion and it slowed away
to few miles and would again. W. Holt Mr. Hare cont-
stantly to talk, the object passed away and the
time, up to a very step and felt seems until
it went into the aircraft of about 30,000!

Mr. Hare said the object reacted exactly
as if it was listening to his radio transmission,
when Mr. [name blacked out] first sighted the object,
he checked against reflection by looking with and
without sun glasses, through the windshield and
through another window, and from various angles.
[illegible text continues at bottom of page]

City [illegible] Comments & the [illegible]
[rest of bottom text is mostly illegible]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some words are partially illegible or obscured by black redaction marks]

(first line partially cut off, mentions "33 miles")

Made in a Thurn, HQ NE of Clayton at 6500' saw
an object at 12000' to 15000' The object was round, cloud
HQ fairly diameter, was a some on top. As was smooth
and light pointed. It traveled with a scary, glimmering
noise. When MR [redacted] sighted the silver type object
used near of great speed.

[rest of paragraph partially obscured]

His story was briefly as follows: He was flying
in a Thurn river from [location unclear] Michigan to Detroit. He
was at 6200' on a [number unclear] min investigation. He then sited
the [word unclear] pointing at 2900') from horizon. This time
he saw Dayton. As he neared Dayton he was scanning
the sky through 130° because of heavy other traffic
in the area.

He saw this object high and to his left (cloud
to a dark night) just hovering! He was sure it was
motionless. It was about 3 miles from him. It was
metallic and very shiny. It was shaped like a plate
with an inverted cone on top. It had remarkable
size of a [rest partially obscured]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

reported is his story, at 1117 Sgt Hagar
expressly directed, saw in 1992, as was 3 additional
distance of 33 miles in 1 minute. (which figures
to be 1980 mph) while: T/Sgt Mc Guffie
H/1C Wilcox
A/2C Green.

[Illegible name] to give in his story was to
eliminate by such form questions as "what do
you think caused it?"

His story has few points - no charge-
era the low then suggests more in the
Carstairs, despite his flying experience.

"I have no answer for the radar
controllers' story. as for the phenomenon
sighted, I recommend that he tell his story
just instead of last after the individual questions.
The forms now prepare the interrogation for
trips he sees in the individual question
not he tells his story. I am 15 should be
after out prior to form A.

[Signature]
Maj USAF


- page 5 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25 JUNE 1954

2. Time of day:
1714 00
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Dayton, Ohio
Nearest Postal Address: 6200' just past Indian Lake
Additional remarks: 40 mi. NE Dayton

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
3-5 Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight

Altitude: 2900"
d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

Heading 210° Approx. 150°


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: 110 volume
    b. Color: Silver or at - very bright

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten notes around a sketch area, partially illegible, including:]
Underside (3 mi. distant)
approx flat (lots of)
ground
yard edge near on side
wire with cone on top

Using spron of
De Haviland
plane

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred   b. Like a bright star   c. Sharply outlined   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ONE
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

ONE traveled horizontally, stopped,
then climbed steeply - Mr. Mark says
he wasn't sure stood the "G's".


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other: [handwritten text partially illegible]

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [handwritten text: "cloud in distance (20,000')"]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [handwritten text: "clouds"]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other: [partially illegible handwritten text]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. Open countryside?
d. Flying near or airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
2:05 was driving 40 mi. alt. 50 mi.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 131 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One) 180° clear
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 150° degrees.
b. From horizon 20° degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 180° degrees.
b. From horizon 20° degrees.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A hand-drawn path is shown with "A" at the start and "B" at the end, with a curved trajectory]

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
[Handwritten text appears to read: about 20 feet]

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin   g. Silver dollar
               b. Pin             h. Baseball
               c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
               d. Nickel          j. Basketball
               e. Quarter         k. Other
               f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
               a. Certain         c. Not very sure
               b. Fairly certain  d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
[Handwritten text appears to read: into clouds @ 32,000']

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text reads: metal - 21 or like aluminum]


- page 10 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   2000   m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   3 mi.   feet. 12,000   15,000

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Dayton   Zone 2   State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job?   Mgr   City Fuel Co.   Atlas Floor Coverings

Age   41   Sex   M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College   ←
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
f. Other special training   Journeyman Marine
                              5000 - 6000 hrs
                              Commercial - single - multi

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   25   Jun   1954
     Day     Month    Year


- page 11 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Handwritten response appears to be a date]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Left blank]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other one?
[Handwritten response: "3 yrs ago in Columbus - for about 1 min - same spot - was partly away - thought reflection"]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Partially illegible handwritten response]


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Colonel Inf's: I agree with

Peterson Ops suggested that we
a C-54 were air from Tac
base in the time of the sighting.

Y/o F-86 or T-33, etc.

[Redacted name] says he has seen
many of the bottoms with and without
lights. Also he saw a DC-6 clearly
sitting high above him a few minutes
before he saw the "thing", as usual
conditions were good.


- page 13 -

