The image does not contain any photograph. It is a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a report of a sighting observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: NOV 54
2. LOCATION: CANTERBURY, NEW ZEALAND
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 21/0340Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 MINUTES
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
9. COURSE: VESSEL
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Balloon shaped object, motionless and with radar flight observed for 5 minutes. Disappeared by rising and moving west into a cloud layer.
11. COMMENTS: Balloon released at same time with identical flight path. Only data confirming is that the only was reported as cigar shaped and the balloon was cylindrical. The fact that the object was faster and the report indicated that the balloon was NOT observed indicates that the balloon was misinterpreted for the object reported.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, displaying text.

ROYAL NEW ZEALAND AIR FORCE
HQAC WELLINGTON

Dear Sir,
1954 - U.F.O. report. I have been asked to provide you with a report on the description of a UFO sighting reported to us on November 6th, 1954.

On the date mentioned above, a watching and waiting operation was conducted in the Christchurch area by members of the R.N.Z.A.F. under the direction of the A.I.D. Headquarters.
During this watch, a sighting of an unidentified flying object was reported between the hours of 2030 and 2150 local time.

The object was first observed at an altitude of approximately 40,000 feet while moving at high velocity (20,000 - 30,000 feet per second) on a roughly northerly heading. It was observed to slow down and come to a complete stop before accelerating rapidly in a vertical climb and disappearing from sight. The object was described as being circular in shape, emitting a white light, and no exhaust or propulsion system was observed.

It is pointed out that in all probability, this sighting falls into the category of unidentified phenomena, and can be added to the ever increasing list of such incidents worldwide.

Some value can be placed on this information as it appears to give an accurate description of the object observed. Other than this, this office can provide no further information or comment.

Yours faithfully,
G.W. King
Group Captain Commanding
ROYAL NEW ZEALAND AIR FORCE
HQAC WELLINGTON

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to the "Air Department, Civil Aviation Administration" in Christchurch, New Zealand.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR DEPARTMENT
CIVIL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
Christchurch Airport

CHCH.AIRPORT, N.Z.

2nd December, 1954.

50 STAFF QUERY NO.
TA.PAOT.

Dear [Redacted],

Regarding your inquiry about aircraft movements in the Christchurch area on Sunday, the 21st November, I have to advise that there were 564 movements of aircraft in the Christchurch area. It is possible that any or all of these movements may have been observed.

In view of your interest in flying saucer reports, I would like to advise that on that date a meteorological balloon was released from the Weather Station at Christchurch Airport and may have been seen by you.

Yours faithfully,
[Signature]
STATION AIR TRAFFIC OFFICER

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

Officers _________, whose identity has been redacted, stated that they observed an unidentified flying object on a certain date. They described the object and its movements. The officer also mentioned contacting the authorities about the sighting. The text also mentions the officer not being a member of any "Flying Saucer Club" and signs off the report.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

IPOIN-ATIAE-S
Department of the Air Force 
Disappearance Uniduntified Air Force.
Washington 25 D.C.
Dear Sir,
I enclose herewith the Report of Flight of this incident.
The letter was found between 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. and
was recorded in my station of loggin.
RANHAB and made may first sighting oflight
was light approximately and only for two seconds
as I was on a almost stop to hit the direction.
I have ascertained a complete Officer story and he
and I agree on details.
I hope that I could be of some assistance.
I have inquiries should be made for the conditions
of weather and so on.

- page 5 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a typed document that appears to be a letter or report related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads as follows:

27DEC1954
AIR/TE/GP/SE/540/S9216

Mr. XXXXXX
Kaiapoi, New Zealand

Dear Mr. XXXXXX,

This will acknowledge receipt of your three letters, dated 25 November and 6 December 1954, respectively. The information which you graciously submitted in the form of personal correspondence and new clippings/newspaper accounts of unidentified flying objects, has been recorded and will undoubtedly serve as a valuable supplementary material on this subject. For the purpose of our review, the articles and letters which were forwarded for our review, will not be returned to any press media and you may be assured it will be held in the strictest confidence by the undersigned intelligence center.

On 23 November 1954, the Air Technical Intelligence Center forwarded this cloud camera evidence back to you via surface mail, and all of the articles and letters recently submitted by you are returned. For your convenience, your attention is the "U.S. Air Force Summary of Events and Information Concerning the Unidentified Flying Objects Program." We hope you will find it to be of interest.

Concerning your specific inquiry regarding experimental cargo parachute drops, the article refers to poor visibility plus an additional hazard of increased wind velocities. The success of a mission of this type is primarily dependent on weather conditions. Many factors, such as wind velocity, size and type of the parachute (which partially determines the rate of descent), weight of the cargo, dropping height, etc. all contribute to the successful drop. As you may be already realized, during experimental missions, such unforeseen circumstances as sudden change in visibility and wind velocities can disrupt a planned drop. A drop conducted under these conditions would be unreliable due to possible damage or loss of the cargo released, which results in a monetary loss as well as wasted manhours.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, displaying a letter to Mr. Kalapoi in New Zealand.

Ltr to MR. Kalapoi, New Zealand (Contd)

Thank you again for your assistance and you may be assured that your interest in this program has been greatly appreciated by the Air Technical Intelligence Center.

Sincerely,

R. C. SCHUM
Lt Col, USAF 
Asst. A.D.

1. 6 lels ... 17 Oct 50 ... dtd
2. Ltr ... 24 Apr 51 ... dtd
3. 1 Jun 51 ... dtd
4. Ltr to Mr. ... 1 Dec 54 ... dtd
5. Envelope containing newspaper clippings
6. USAF Summary

COORDINATION:
ORIG: Capt. G. A. Hardin DATE 12/27/54
ATAS: Capt. D. L. Johnstob DATE 27 Dec 54 
ATIS: Lt. Col. M. C. McCormick DATE 27 Dec 54
1st Pers. Col. W. L. O'Hern

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

Transcription of the text in the document:

APOLOGIES.
3 Jan 1955. 
An informal letter, confidentially, sent by yourself to 7 Jan 1955. Dear Sir,
United States of America.

Dear Sir,
Today I have received your letter of 23rd inst. I am sorry to say that it was not accompanied with any negatives of the photograph which I desired and mentioned in my previous letter of 27th Jan 1955, and so I have been deprived of the chance to inspect the photograph of which I thought so highly.
I am hoping that you will be kind enough to send the negatives and prints of the photograph mentioned in your letter, as I am most anxious to inspect them. It is of great importance to me to have these in order to make further investigations and research into this matter which I am sure will be of mutual benefit.
I am not a visualist and cannot accurately describe the fine details of my large findings, and I feel it would greatly assist me to assist you if I had the negatives and prints to study.
I look forward to hearing from you with these in the near future, and remain,
Yours faithfully,

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document containing text. I will now act as an OCR system and transcribe the text found in the document:

maybe it appears that any many a celestial thing. I do not know, and indeed the photographs that I took show no definite information except what I have mentioned.

The first photograph shows a dark spot at one edge of the celestial object, which I am not able definitely to say was a definite marking, but it may have been part of the celestial object itself. 

I aimed at photographing the object, and I am certain that I photographed it, but I formed the opinion that if an ordinary camera were used, it would not be possible to tell the tale.

I made it to possible to obtain visual and auditory information necessary to support my claim, and radio some more going to it. A bright object, perhaps as large as half the size of the moon, was observed and it seemed to be flashing or pulsing intermittently. The object was moving in a calm and steady manner from west to east.

I realize the newspaper clipping is from a relatively inconsequential report, but from my experience of the time it gave an account of the nature of the prominent object which I had opportunity to study.

- page 9 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph or visual element, it is simply a handwritten text on a document page.

Transcribing the text:

"in a book with it it seemed not long ago and when i found it i had to answer a few days ago that i first started writing to people in this town and i remember this thing as on the cover of the book the thing this is the latest bulletin received no. 11. and on the margin Canterburg. This latest sighting reported by residents was ??? in Canterbury on Sept. 23rd 1949 when about 10 observers watched an object in the sky from 7:15 to 7:25 p.m. at first they thought it was an aircraft but as it approached closer it was seen to be a bright orange-yellow color with a zig-zag motion. The object moved quickly west then suddenly changed direction and headed east. It remained in sight for about 10 minutes and gave the impression of a controlled flight. I would not want my name released as I fear some trouble may develop from a few local people who are very skeptical about everything and do not really know what they are talking about."

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned handwritten document or letter.

Report that I am able to.
I understand that in my sense the saucer or thing Base would be the unusual intelligence events. This cannot be Regained as on from 
base was used. This is why I have forgotten.

Yours sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographic content. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a newspaper article or report, discussing a sighting of a "Flying Saucer - or Cigar" over Canterbury, New Zealand.

The document text reads:

Did I See a Flying Saucer - or Cigar - Over Canterbury?
By a Staff Reporter
Who saw anything strange that Wednesday at noon-time that some hundreds of Canterbury residents have been discussing since?
Nearly everyone seems to know about this or that man or woman who claims to have seen something unusual in the clear Canterbury sky on that day.
Sceptics say, with some cynicism, that some persons who claim to have seen something will admit, on close questioning, that they saw "only a balloon" or "only an aeroplane".
But there are others who firmly insist that what they saw was neither balloon nor aeroplane - but something very different and much more mysterious.
Not balloon
According to their story, a gleaming cigar-shaped object, high in the sky, appeared suddenly and started to move rapidly across the Canterbury landscape.
It was not a balloon, they say, for it was too fast and too high-up for that. Neither was it an aeroplane, for the shape and the speed were quite unlike those of any known aeroplane. The object moved in a jerky fashion, now stopping, now moving, and it seemed to change direction frequently.
After a while it disappeared from sight, leaving many onlookers puzzled and more than a little intrigued by what they had seen.

- page 12 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather an envelope or mailing label. The label appears to be addressed to "Commander 2d District Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, United States of America".

Commander
2d District Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 
United States of America

- page 13 -

The image contains a handwritten document with a sketch of what appears to be a UFO or flying object. The text in the document says "Canterbury, New Zealand" and is dated 18 Jul 1955. The document mentions that the object was sighted in southern Alps at 5:15 pm and describes its physical characteristics. There is also additional text in the document describing the sighting, but no photograph is present.

Transcribed text:
Canterbury, New Zealand
18 Jul 1955

Dear Sir,
I enclose a sketch made by
Mr. Intelligent Gentry,
A witness, picture as true to
his observation as he could
make. 
On Saturday, 18th June, 1955.
I saw a metallic object hanging at about 10,000 feet 
at Rakaia. The object appeared to be approximately 
40-50 feet in length, bullet shaped and seemed to be 
hovering without noise. It remained stationary for about
10 minutes and then took off at terrific speed in a
westerly direction leaving no trail. Believe report may
be of interest.

Yours sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

Case: Sighted right in Southern Alps at 5:15pm, where
Old Land Survey station exists. Object hovering for about
10 minutes and then shot off at terrific speed. Trail 
observed by 3 observers flying. Ends.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an envelope or mailing envelope with handwritten text addressed to "Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, United States of America".

OCR output:

Commander,
Air Technical Intelligence Center
United States of America

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an official document from Project Blue Book.

ATIAAS
SUBJECT: (Uncl) Correspondence Received From Foreign National
THRU: Director of Intelligence
Headquarters USAF
ATTN: AFOIN-I3M
Washington 25, D.C.
TO: American Embassy
ATTN: Air Attache
Melbourne, Australia

1. Attached for your information and retention is one copy of a letter dated 27 December 1954, prepared by the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, to Mr. [redacted], Aeterapa, New Zealand.

2. During 1954, Mr. [redacted] has corresponded directly with the Air Technical Intelligence Center on a number of occasions concerning unidentified flying objects (UFOs) observed over New Zealand. His letters have been sincere and courteous at all times and he has considerably assisted our intelligence program. He has freely and voluntarily contributed UFO information collected through his own efforts. This material has been valuable and has been included in our reference files.

3. Request this correspondence serve as background material for any future inquiries your office may receive on Mr. [redacted]'s activities.

FOR THE COMMANDER

R. C. SCHUM
CWO, USAF
Asst. A.I.C.

COORDINATION:
ATIAAS [redacted] DATE 12/30/54
ATTIE [redacted] DATE 3 Jan
RM [redacted] DATE 3 Jan

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an old UFO report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

ATIC55/ACt Droppers/re/69216

Christchurch, New Zealand
Dear Mr. ---,

This will acknowledge receipt of your three letters, dated 29 November, 6 December, and 13 December 1954, respectively, concerning the sighting of an unidentified flying object over Canterbury, New Zealand on 23 November 1954. These reports have been recorded and will undoubtedly serve as a valuable supplement to our records, and with your permission, photographic copies thereof will be retained for the purpose of completing our records.

The information that you provided and the photographs which were enclosed with your letters have been carefully examined. From the data gathered, it appears that the object sighted was a natural phenomenon, probably a reflection or mirage, rather than an extraterrestrial device. Phenomena of this type are primarily dependent on weather conditions. Many factors, such as atmospheric temperature, pressure, humidity, and the like, partially determine the rate of descent, weight of the charge, drop trajectory, and must be carefully considered in the mission planning of a drop. It is my considered opinion that the sighting you reported was of this nature, and that no further special investigation is warranted.

On 23 November 1954, the Air Technical Intelligence Center forwarded the cloud negatives back to you via air mail, and all information and photographs relative to this sighting are returned herewith.

Concerning your specific inquiry regarding extraterrestrial cargo parachutes, may I say that the possibility of such parachutes being sighted cannot be completely ruled out. However, the actual occurrence of this type is primarily dependent on weather conditions. Many factors, such as atmospheric temperature, pressure, humidity, and the like, partially determine the rate of descent, weight of the charge, drop trajectory, and must be carefully considered in the mission planning of a drop. It is my considered opinion that the sighting you reported was of this nature, and that no further special investigation is warranted. This type of natural phenomenon would be identifiable under normal circumstances to possible damage or loss of the cargo released, which results in a monetary loss as well as wasted manpower.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR text output:

Ltr to Mr. RAir Forcew Zealand (CONT'D)

Thank you again for your assistance and cooperation on this . This project has been greatly assisted by the Air Technical Intelligence Center

Sincerely,

To:
1. Lt to Mr. std
2. Ltr to Mr. std
3. Ltr to Mr. std
4. Ltr to Mr. std
5. Mr. 
6. Newspaper clippings

COORDINATION:
ATIAS Capt. C. A. Hartin DATE 12/27/54
ATIAS Lt. Col. H. C. Johnston DATE 
ATIC Col. W. R. Green DATE

- page 18 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report. 

Transcription of the text in the document:

APOIN-ATIAE-S.
Commander:
Department of the Air Force
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington 25 D.C.

As you were, there was no report received in this office requesting me to write to the Traffic Control Officer, and it was only upon a subsequent inspection of the file that I found that I had not received a reply from the Traffic Control Officer as the Commanding Officer requested.
I regret that I was unable to attend to this due to the pressure of other urgent matters and the somewhat unusual nature of the request, insofar as it was an indirect approach through channels rather than a direct communication. However, I have now directed that a reply be forwarded to you with the information requested.
My apologies for the delay in handling this matter, which I assure you was unintentional and due solely to the pressure of other urgent matters requiring my personal attention. I trust that the information now being provided will be of assistance.

Sincerely,

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document containing handwritten text.

Transcribed text:

Provision was made to obtain a formation of gliders to obtain of information on these details and for purpose of study better method of flying several types.

3./4/54 Distill lation U.S.M.T.S. Thesis) taken place. to 2:20 and form Pilot found and the result. Distance from indication of to about 67.8 miles. The questions on: How for used flying pby and what time did the consider the. 2. Information on Canterbury did a forming mass 3 hrs. Bankale could cause glider in some way. 3. Main was Retired and would be discussed in P.M. time "A of D 71F" flying steadily away south from me and seen behind me after 10 10 minutes, and almost unbelievable but on the return in the evening a larger craft "A of D 174F" whose maneuvers and peculiarities. Outside atmosphere of these were probably realized that more something new .

On Monday morning 23 May my photo station obtained a ARNZAF Thesis from which the following was a result and various maneuverings would be lasting 10:37 A.M.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

TIME 11 A.M.
My only other source I noticed a lo ible and sthat about Tame of an incident at about 12.20.pm on the same date as the an ereferred to mhave on about the same written as the one indicated by the Vent. shen the winguees of aircraft were distinctly noticed and of different kind to RN2Ap, yis were two to three RN7a's frorof a different kind to RN7Ap form.
and I can only add that the last but a inning of fift m inute call this communication.

Your sincerely, [redacted]

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

AFOIN-aine-s
Commander
by request of this Co in the Headquarters
United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sir,

On June 14, 1954, I forwarded a letter to the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, the same mentioned a sighting of unidentified aerial vehicles manifesting above Canterbury, New Zealand on June 6, 1954. I requested a comprehensive investigation for additional information regarding this sighting. To date, I have not received any further communication.

I should appreciate it if you could institute a thorough inquiry into the matter and advise me of the results. Any information or assistance you may be able to provide would be most welcome.

Sincerely yours,

- page 22 -

This image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It is a handwritten document or report.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

I have a story of sighting which is of some interest. On the evening of 19 February, 1954. I was travelling on a Rangitane bus between Christchurch and Timaru, and I noticed at a place some 25 miles south of Rangitata a strange object in the sky. This was quite unlike anything I had seen before. It was roughly circular in shape, a reddish brown color, and was moving at a tremendous speed across the sky from north to south. I would estimate its length to be approximately 100-150 feet. It was a most impressive sight. The object left no trail and made no sound. It seemed to be high in the atmosphere, possibly some 10,000 feet or more. After about 3 minutes it disappeared from sight, not descending, but simply appearing to vanish. I am certain that what I saw was not an aircraft of any type, either civil or military. I reported the incident to the R.A.F. at Christchurch, and later to the U.S. Air Force Intelligence officer at Timaru. I was questioned at some length, and was asked to make this written report. I am satisfied that what I saw could not possibly have been an aircraft, meteorite, or any other natural phenomena. I am convinced that I witnessed some kind of unidentified flying object. I should be interested to know if any other reports of a similar nature were received at about the same time and place.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only handwritten text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

on the night from the 8th to the 9th November 1954 my wife and I saw a strange object in the northeast skyline. The object appeared to be about 2,000 ft high and 100 ft in diameter. It had the appearance of being made of dull silver metal and had a glowing red light on the underside. The object moved in a southwesterly direction at very high speed and was visible for about 7 minutes. It did not make any noise that we could hear.
I have mentioned this incident to several people but they all think I am crazy. I have kept this to myself but feel that it is my duty to report this sighting.
I would be most grateful if you would let me know if you have had any similar reports from this area. Yours sincerely.

- page 24 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from what looks like a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

Transcribed text from the document:

A POINT ATI AG E- 3.

Headquarters
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sir,

Today, I have received a letter with short form from the Commanding Officer, R.T.I.D.A.F. Station
I also received a letter from the Air Traffic Control Officer at Harewood.

I will forward it to you as soon as possible.
I expect my statement that I have not released any information of to be repeated,
as I am not sure, whether the group which contacted me is a genuine one or not.

I will notify you if anything further happened.
Yours sincerely,
(Signature redacted)

- page 25 -

