PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
5 December 1954

2. LOCATION
Northeast, Pennsylvania

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 0140
GMT: 05/0402

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[✓] Ground-Visual [ ] Ground-Radar
[ ] Air-Visual [ ] Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[✓] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 - 12 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
7-7

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Mr. M. saw obj in sky. Obj was stationary and seemed to pulsate. No noise. Described as being orange like a ball of fire. Dim shape and no parts from which intense orange light emitted. Lower part of disc obscured due to brilliancy of light. Took like a fish tug. Seemed to be hovering over Lake Erie.

11. COMMENTS
The obj was obs on 4 & 5 Dec 54 at approx. the same time by the two sources. Sighting caused considerable local excitement. On 20 Dec 54, two more residents reported seeing a bright disc shaped object with a lot of windows while driving home.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[ ] Was Balloon
[ ] Probably Balloon
[ ] Possibly Balloon
[ ] Was Aircraft
[ ] Probably Aircraft
[ ] Possibly Aircraft
[ ] Was Astronomical
[ ] Probably Astronomical
[ ] Possibly Astronomical
[ ] Other
[ ] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
[ ] Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[There is a hand-drawn diagram with WEST, EAST, and WEST labels]

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
[Handwritten response appears to be "5" but is somewhat illegible]

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other [handwritten: SIZE OF A CAR]

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? [Partially illegible handwritten response]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten response, partially illegible, appears to discuss material and shape but specific details are difficult to discern]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text is mostly illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.


- page 3 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

[Handwritten note on first sketch: "Hovering over Lake at approx. 6 to 7 feet"]

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as example of how to complete the larger sketch.

[Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Handwritten entry, partially illegible]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Blank]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
So LARGE STATED HE OBSERVED NEAR IN APPROX
DURING AN AUTO. SHE NOTICED A SILVER LIKE APPROX
28 WE WERE ONLY HEARING A SOUND TO BE AT A RAPID SPEED
FEW PEOPLE UNRELATED STATED SEE IN 20 YR THIS BEST.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
UNKNOWN TO SOURCE

Page 7


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [Handwritten text appears illegible]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was?   4500 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]

ADDRESS [Redacted]

TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]

What is your present job?   House wife

Age   54   Sex   Female

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school   X
c. College
d. Post graduate

e.g. Technical school
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Partially filled, date appears incomplete]

The bottom of the page contains some additional handwritten notes that are mostly illegible.


- page 6 -

This is the complete report we received from the 4602nd with a suspense of 21 Mar 55. I've made a case file of it since it has attracted so much attention.

My personal evaluation is as follows:
A REFLECTION PHENOMENA OF SOME SORT!

1. Source's house is located directly on the shore of Lake Erie.

2. On the nights (4 & 5 Dec 54) the obj was sighted, the source stated the weather condition as MISTY, with dull moon and no stars visible.

3. My evaluation is that the sighting was as the result of a reflection of a known object, which assumed the particular shape described by the source.

It could have possibly been one of two things:
A ship on Lake Erie

or

As stated in one of the attached newspaper articles, this professor with St. Mary's college said he jokingly believed they were space craft which had come to observe the activity in his observatory. xxxxx he also said xxxxx the UFO's could have been attracted by the WELL-LIGHTED DOME on his observatory (which could explain the source's report of the UFO having many windows or ports apparently uniformly spaced around the disc.) This evaluation would depend on two things -

Was the dome of the observatory lighted at the time of the sighting?

and

How far is the observatory located from the location of the sighting?


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Breeze PUBLISHING COMPANY
INCORPORATED
F. W. HOPKINS, Publisher
35 South Lake Street    NORTH EAST, PENNA.
                        10 December 1954

SUBJECT: Flying Saucers

TO:   The United States Air Force
       The Pentagon
       Washington, D. C.
       ATTN: Officer in Charge of
              Flying Saucer Reports

1. Understand that Air Force is interested in running some "flying saucer" reports.

2. An Observer forwarding clipping from this week's paper describing the phenomena in this area.

3. Story seems fairly well authenticated. Additional reports have been received here since publication yesterday.

                                    Joe Bachus
                                    Editor
                                    The North East Breeze

Incl: r/8

[Handwritten note at bottom of page]
Even Possible REFLECTOR - MAYBE SEARCHLIGHT
Being or Beacon Light

[Footer]
North East Breeze • Fredonia Censor • Ripley Review • Chautauqua News and Sherman Advance


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper page:

[Top Header]
...s and All Through the
r Whatever You Please

1st Breezy
The Breeze
Established 1892
[Location] Findley Lake, Sherman and Ripley, N.Y.

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1954

Space Ship Hover Over North East
and Sunday Before It Zooms Away

[Headline Subtext]
You Recognize This North East Winter Scene?

[Editor's Note Column]
[Editor's Note: The lady's name withheld from publication by request will be disclosed to any doubting reader who calls the Breeze. Any other eye witness reports of the space ship will be as honored.]

A space ship hovered over North East and Sunday, the Breeze learned this week.

After learning of the strange craft, the strange craft zoomed away into the clouds. A thoroughly reliable and level Breeze correspondent, who wanted to remain nameless, faithfully reported the incident.

At 20 minutes to 2 Sunday morning, she knelt on the maple chair in her home overlooking the lake at Dill Park to turn out the light. She had returned from bowling in Erie a little earlier and was preparing to retire. She was in bed. At first she thought the window flow the thought she was watching a boat in distress coming in shore.

The object resembled a fish flag closer to the beach than normally the beach. Closer even than private fishing boats anchor. Because of the brilliant orange light radiating from it, the lady thought it was a boat.

[Bottom Headlines]
- Pat Newbold Directs Annual Professional Minstrel Production
- Frank Finn Takes Ax and Gives Nephew Three Good Whacks
- Tough Situation For Parking to Remain Tough
- Bulletin! (partial text visible)


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper page:

TWO Weeks Before Christmas Freeze, Gift Ads For All, Ho

The North Sun
Combining The Advertiser
Serving North East, Harborcreek, Greenfield, Wattsburg, Vena
NORTH EAST, ERIE COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA

1st Year - No. 32

Hammond Meets Son-in-Law
Sitting Bull In Wild and Wooly
Jackson Hole Country of Wyoming

Hammond, Hammond Road, State Line, and papoose
Hammond examine the war club given to Mr. Ham-
mond by the son-in-law of Sitting Bull. (Photo by
Perry)

Hammond and a friend on the bank. Larry woke a short
time later to find two horsemen riding along the bank
with lots of Wyoming standing over him.

Mr. Hammond was taken by a mountain lion and wearing a long grey beard,
turned out to be the son-in-law of Sitting Bull.

Wins Honor

Tony Santilippo, North East's
star halfback, has been named
the main offensive threat of Coach
Joseph Sanvito's outstanding
football team this year. He was
picked for All-County and received
considerable backing throughout
the state.

Lady Sees
Saturday an
Caroline Nixon
Sees Baby Deer
Right In Town

A young deer gamboled across
the lawn of Lake Street last
week.

Thursday afternoon the animal
appeared around the corner of
Susie Luke's home, bounded across
the street and ran Ban's yard.
It went around Jane and Kathryn
Archer's house and behind John
Whitehall's where it browsed in
the garden a little.

Caroline Nixon, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Ross Nixon, took off
after it with a rope and some
celery, but the animal disappeared.
Mrs. Hilda Douville said it looked about 6-8 weeks old. It was
being it good.

CARD OF THANKS
We wish to thank my friends,
neighbors and relatives for their
beautiful cards, flowers and gifts
during my stay at St. Vincent's
Hospital. Especial thanks to Supt.
Lepley and Supt. Boland for
blood donors.

Mrs. Velma Newton
Janitor.

Who Spoiled Patty Broadhead's Dolly? Talent

West Main Street was the scene
of murder and wanton devastation
last week.

A doll, her body broken and
her arms and legs scattered, was
found on the sidewalk, smashed
up on the front of Salkow's Drug

Andersons that had, grown hair,
blue eyes and was 14 inches tall.
The doll belonged to little Patty
at St. Peter's Lutheran Church
last Thursday.

Patty had bought a long white


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Space Ship
(Continued from Page 1)

The glow of a cloud-hidden moon on the water, however, revealed the thing to be suspended six or eight feet above the lake off Orchard Beach. The light it made remained steady and blindingly bright.

"If it had been a fire," the lady said, "such intensity would have been white- not orange."

During the eight or nine minutes that she watched, the ship skittered east, then west—"so fast that by comparison a jet would be standing still."

Leaves Rosy Glow

By the time she had fetched her field glasses from the bed room where she had been watching some birds with them earlier in the day, the craft had gone. Only a rosy orange glow remained in the clouds of the western sky above the lake.

The lady's husband, when she spoke to him, naturally accused her of hallucinations, but the next evening any doubts she may have had herself were whisked away.

The ship again hung in the sky about midnight. This time the lady had her glasses ready and got a better look at it.

It still appeared to be about the size and shape of a bug, she said but where the rigging normally projected above deck, the space ship had a low curved glowing dome of orange. Two tiers of square windows were ranged along its sides, she said, like rows of postage stamps.

Realizing that water distances was tricky to figure, she judged it was not more than a mile away. The brilliance of the light, however, made it impossible to make out the details of the ship.

"This time it rose gradually, straight up and again disappeared. Although the lady sat to watch for it until long afterward, she didn't see it return.

"The experience reminded her of another similar sight about a year ago—inexplicable goings-on in the sky.

"Before that," she said, "I never considered that these things really happened."

Like A Greenish Ball

She was returning home along Route 5 from the Snack Bar at 8:20 in the evening, when a green-ish cent—streak over the lake caused her to pull off on the Orchard Beach Road to make sure her eyes were all right. Thinking the ball-like object might be a re-

ORDER EARLY!

Holiday Corsages - English Holly - Mistletoe - Cut Flowers - Co,per Planters - Floral Designs and Potted Plants

Bring Your Gifts
for Beautiful

Gift-Wrap

JAY'S FLOWER
44 CLINTON STREET


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Hq, 4602d AACS (MC), Det. #3, Colorado Springs, Colorado

AFCIN-3B                                                                  Capt C.A. Hardin/mw/59216

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER, Wright Patterson Air Force Base,
Ohio

TO: Commanding, 4602d Air Intelligence Service Squadron (ADS), Det. 
Air Force Base, Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. The enclosed Air Intelligence Information Report L-1673-1, 
dated 15 February 1955, with 6 inclosures is returned for your file.

2. A duplicate copy of the "U.S. Air Force Technical Informa-
tion Sheet," completed by the source, has been made and will be on 
file in this Center.

3. Attached as Enclosure #2 to this correspondence is a 
completed AF Form 112b, Air Intelligence Evaluation Record, con-
taining an analysis of the incident with concluding comments 
from comparison with past sightings under similar circumstances.

4. Recommend that Enclosure #1 be processed and distributed in 
accordance with your policy on AFOIN reports. However, further 
investigation in this particular case is not desired.

2 Incls
1. n/c
Added 1 incl
2. AF Fm 112b
Dtd 15 Mar 55


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

EAST BREEZE
Wreck-cog-nize Dese Men Tonite!

Last rehearsal for the Exchange Club's gala "Showboat Minstrel auditorium tonight and Friday, are and men Gordon Stone II, Tony Spada and Bob King. See if you can tell which is which.

Day Basketball Game Team Abroad in '56

Proceeds will be forwarded to help send amateur athletes in schools, colleges, business, industrial and military services to Olympic Games in 1956.

More than a million dollars is being spent for U. S. athletes to send 1956 Olympic Games in Australia and Italy.

Immediately after the announcement of plans for an annual Olympic Day was made by the Congress of the United States, Life Magazine offered full promotional support. It was accepted by the U. S. Olympic Committee. The U. S. Chamber of Commerce also gave its full cooperation on the level.

In contrast to Russia and many other countries, participation in Olympic Games is left entirely to private initiative. Therefore, every man, woman and child in this country is a potential contributor to our representation in the Games - and can take pride in the accomplishment of the American team. Recapture the drive's slogan:

HAVE TO BE THERES TO

(There is a partially cut off text at the bottom)

And on the right side of the page:

Now it's Time to Join Our Christmas Club

... and give yourself a bonus in time for Christmas.
Be among the hundreds of National Bank Christmas Club members who enter the Christmas season with the added satisfaction of knowing where the extra money is coming from.

(Followed by a table of savings plan options from $0.25 to $10.00 a week)

The National Bank of North East
Opposite The Park
Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Member Federal Reserve System

FLOWERS
FOR YOUR
Christmas

Holiday greens and special-occasion flowers


- page 13 -

ALOOP

3 March 1955

SUBJECT: UFOB

TO: Commander
    Air Technical Intelligence Center
    ATTN: Capt Charles Hardin, UCOS Program
    Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
    Dayton, Ohio

1. Pursuant to phone conversation of 24 February 1955 between Captain Bronns and of this organization and Captain Hardin, UFOB report on sighting at North East, Pennsylvania, source: Mrs Harold Dawson, is being referred to you for a check against your existing files.

2. If your office has nothing on this case and you deem it worthy of further investigation, please let us know.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

1 Incl    RAY L. JONES
AF Form 112    MAJOR, USAF
with 6 incls    Adjutant
(4670th ACS)


- page 14 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE EVALUATION RECORD

TO: Commander
4602d Air Intelligence
Service Squadron (AIC)
Hq Air Force Base
Colorado Springs, Colorado

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT NUMBER
1-1908-1

DATED
16 Feb 55

SOURCE OF REPORT (Air Attaché, Comd., etc.)
Observer So. Pittsburgh, Pa.

INTELLIGENCE REPORT PREPARED BY
Captain Vincent J. Trapp

USABILITY OF REPORT
[ ] EXCELLENT
[ ] SPECIFIC
[X] USABLE
[ ] TOO GENERAL

VALIDITY OF INFORMATION
[X] CONFIRMED
[ ] PROBABLY TRUE
[ ] POSSIBLY TRUE
[ ] DOUBTFUL

FULFILLMENT OF REQUIREMENT
[ ] COMPLETE
[ ] PARTIAL
[X] SLIGHT
[ ] NONE

COMMENTS (in narrative style, expand on your evaluation as directed above. Your comments, guidance and helpful criticism are appreciated by collector. Carefully prepared and detailed Evaluation Records will improve the quality of reporting and provide you with intelligence information of higher quality.)

1. This Center had very little additional information concerning the specific sighting by Mrs. [redacted], however, the case was compared to past incidents with similar circumstances of locality, lighting and weather conditions. As a result of utilizing this comparison media, as well as a careful review of the data in the report, it was decided that the sighting was a PROBABLE REDUCTION of a known object, which assumed the particular shape described by the source.

2. Upon examination of the "U.S. Air Technical Information Sheet" completed by the source, it was noted that under Item 64, the statement, "Moon was out and a mist" conflicted slightly with Items 34.1 - b and 34.3 - a and b. However, it is a known fact that conditions of either haze or mist over water, are indicative to possibility of a reflection phenomena occurring.

3. As to the identity of the object involved, two possible explanations exist. It could have been a reflection of a ship on Lake Erie or a reflection from an observation dome. This latter possibility results from a statement made in one of the newspapers included with the report. In it Father R.A. Boulcois, Astronomer at St. Mary's College, Northeast, Pa., stated "half jokingly, that the missile might have been sent to reconnoiter the rooftop of his observatory, which gleamed like the nose of a silver rocket by the light of the moon." It must be considered that the object could have been a reflection of the observatory dome depending upon the exact location of the observatory with respect to the source's home.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE EVALUATION RECORD

[Form has multiple sections with checkboxes for:
USABILITY OF REPORT:
- EXCELLENT
- SPECIFIC
- USABLE
- TOO GENERAL

VALIDITY OF INFORMATION:
- CONFIRMED
- PROBABLY TRUE
- POSSIBLY TRUE
- DOUBTFUL
- CANNOT JUDGE

FULFILLMENT OF REQUIREMENT:
- COMPLETE
- PARTIAL
- SLIGHT

Comments section text:
"Final Evaluation - Probable reflection. No Further Information Desired"

Bottom of form details:
DATE: 15 Mar 55
ACTIVITY: ATIC35, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright Patterson AFB, Tamps Base, Ohio

ANALYZED BY: Capt Charles A. Martin

AF FORM 112b (Previous editions of this form may be used)


- page 16 -

NE Penna
5-6 1954

Source - [blacked out]

12-12-54 PM on sole plan 54
Source - [blacked out]
Check for 4602 [illegible]

<53) m 8

12 Jan 55


- page 17 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
5   DEC   1954

2. Time of day: 0140
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
(NYL+HT)

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Partially obscured text]
Nearest Postal Address: NORTHEAST   PA (ERIE CO.)
City or Town             State or County

Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 10-15     Minutes

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright twilight

             d. Just a trace of daylight
             e. No trace of daylight
             f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

             d. To your left
             e. Overhead
             f. Don't remember


- page 18 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Yes   No


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound NO-
b. Color ORANGE - LIKE BALL OF FIRE

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
THE FIRST WAS A FIERY OUTLINED IN ORANGE
THESE PARTS SLANTED UPWARD FROM WHICH SEEMED TO LEAVE AN INTENSE ORANGE LIGHT
THIS RIDGE APPEARED TO PROJECT OUTWARD
THESE PARTS SLANTED DOWNWARD
LOWER PART OBSCURE
BECAUSE OF BRILLIANT LIGHT

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other THIN LIKE GLOW

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? NOT SURE
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 20 -

