PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE • TIME GROUP
29 Oct 54
29/2202Z

2. LOCATION
OLMSTED AFB, PENNSYLVANIA

3. SOURCE
MILITARY

10. CONCLUSION
PROBABLY BALLOON

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 MINUTES

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
GROUND VISUAL

7. COURSE
S/W

8. PHOTOS
Yes
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
White, appeared transparent. Appeared to have string hanging from bottom. Disappeared with darkness.

COMMENTS:
All indications from observers report suggest a balloon.
(Film also received, Video)

(Where is Film?)
See Film: 7-3745-459
(Film in Special File)

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
29     October     1954
Day     Month       Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Partially redacted text]
HAAS Det.
Olmsted AFB, Middletown
Penna.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     (No)

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other one?
Normal duty, approximately 3 months ago
same type object

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Wx balloon reflecting sunlight from below the
horizon


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF You answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]

ADDRESS [REDACTED] CS 36, Olmsted AFB, Middletown, PA

TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]

What is your present job? Control Tower Operator

Age 24   Sex Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school   X
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school Control Tower 2223 (Type) Tower Operator
f. Other special training Air Traffic Control 2720 Electronic Fundamentals 3020

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Blank]


- page 3 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repost information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [redacted]

SIGNATURE [redacted]

DATE 29 October 1954

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:


- page 4 -

OLMSTED AFB, PENN
29 OCT 54
CASE INCLUDES FILM IN
SEPARATE FOLDER


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

FITH
Oct 22, 1954
OLMSTEDAFB, PENNSYLVANIA
Observer - MILITARY
FILE #10034112
IN CUSTODY OF RADIO-VISUAL DIVISION
1575


- page 6 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
29 October 1954
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 17 20
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other __________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Olmsted AFB, City or Town: Middletown, State or County: Penna.
Additional remarks: 

5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 0 30 —
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright twilight

    d. Just a trace of daylight
    e. No trace of daylight
    f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

    d. To your left
    e. Overhead
    f. Don't remember


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
             b. Several blocks away?
             c. A block away?
             d. Several yards away?
             e. Other

11. Did the object:
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
    c. Break up into parts or explode?
    d. Give off smoke?
    e. Change brightness?
    f. Change shape?
    g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses    Yes   No
    c. Windshield     Yes   No
    d. Window glass   Yes   No

    e. Binoculars     Yes   No
    f. Telescope      Yes   No
    g. Theodolite     Yes   No
    h. Other


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: None
b. Color: White, Transparent

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn circle with an arrow pointing to the right, with annotations: "Appeared to be Sling or similar"]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
             b. Like a bright star
             c. Sharply outlined
             d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? [X marked]
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other ____________

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Drifted ss several the subject to disappear from view

24. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. Wax balloon


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other (Central Tower)

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other (at AFB, Central Tower)

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
On normal duty

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                c. East                e. South                g. West
b. Northeast            d. Southeast            f. Southwest            h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes        No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                c. East                e. South                g. West
b. Northeast            d. Southeast            f. Southwest            h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                c. East                e. South                g. West
b. Northeast            d. Southeast            (d) Southwest            h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 240 degrees.
b. From horizon 80 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 240 degrees.
b. From horizon 50 degrees.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 12 -

