PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
12 Nov 1954
15/2153Z 13/0215Z

2. LOCATION
Barberton, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
PROBABLY AIRCRAFT

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Cigar shaped object appeared and traveled into the West without sound. Small object was seen leaving larger one. It traveled into the east, while larger object went west. Object observed at night time. Very rapid speed. Estimated altitude 6,000 ft.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
See Case File

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☑ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☑ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [redacted]
SIGNATURE [redacted]
DATE Nov. 30, 1954

The wire watching the sky when cigar - shaped object appeared and traveled into the west northwest around. Small object was seen leaving large one. It traveled into the east, while large one went west.


- page 2 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Nov. 12 1954

2. Time of day: 9:45 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern ✓
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard ✓

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Barberton, Ohio
Nearest Postal Address           City or Town             State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours       Minutes       Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
✓ c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
✓ e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                                   8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                                    a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                                   b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                                    c. No moonlight — pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                                          d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
    (Circle One):    a. Yes    b. No    c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
    (Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
                b. Several blocks away?
                c. A block away?
                d. Several yards away?
                e. Other

11. Did the object:                                       (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?                  Yes    No    Don't Know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?        Yes    No    Don't Know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?                     Yes    No    Don't Know
    d. Give off smoke?                                     Yes    No    Don't Know
    e. Change brightness?                                  Yes    No    Don't Know
    f. Change shape?                                       Yes    No    Don't Know
    g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?                         Yes    No    Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
    it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
    it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):    a. Solid?    b. Transparent?    c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses                                          Yes    No
    b. Sun glasses                                         Yes    No
    c. Windshield                                          Yes    No
    d. Window glass                                        Yes    No

    e. Binoculars                                          Yes    No
    f. Telescope                                           Yes    No
    g. Theodolite                                          Yes    No
    h. Other                                               Yes    No


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound None
b. Color Orange lights - 3

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Handwritten note] These could have been lights in wings during flight shining through windows

[A hand-drawn sketch of an elongated object with three circular sections, with an arrow pointing west]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Handwritten note] Small bright object was seen leaving larger one, moving at rapid rate of speed, approx. 3 times greater than main object. Small one shaded 6 and 1.

[A hand-drawn sketch with an arrow pointing west-east]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. ______ feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length:
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other: ____________

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Large object disappeared over horizon. Tracked object over a short distance. Speed was too rapid.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Cigar placed in the sky would describe it. Material unknown.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Viewing the sky

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.


- page 7 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
13     Nov     1954
Day     Month     Year

Only report given to GreatUrch - A.O. Research

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted name]
Barberton, Ohio

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     (No)

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
I have seen several large lights that traveled without sound at Hope "peak" many times over the past few months. I have also seen white discs in daylight.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
It did not have the appearance of any aircraft known to me.


- page 9 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? Approx 6,000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [partially redacted] Barberton, Ohio

TELEPHONE NUMBER VA5-3450
What is your present job? Cost Accountant
Age 34 Sex Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school ✓
b. High school ✓
c. College ✓
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 30 Nov 1954
Day Month Year


- page 10 -

