PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
31/0913Z

2. LOCATION
NEBRASKA, MISSOURI

3. SOURCE
CIVILIAN

10. CONCLUSION
ASTRONOMICAL: METEOR

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
- -

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Bright meteor, large trail, green. White, then all colors of rainbow. Faded out.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
AIR VISUAL

7. COURSE
- -

8. PHOTOS
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
□ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

When the searchlight was lit again, the ball was still there.

Curious onlookers crowded around the searchlight; they also saw the "ball
of the Christmas tree". They saw it up to the moment when (around 2300 hours)
the crew gave up, and decided to extinguish the searchlight. However, they
were not the only ones who saw it; the next morning, inhabitants of the suburbs
of Sablon and Mouleu, had to confirm the appearance of the phenomenon.

But, the radar apparatus, which had scanned the skies without interruption,
did not record anything.

This "thing", explained one of the technicians, is non-metallic and, there-
fore, not detectable by radar.

The day-before-yesterday, the Metz Fair, which had been visited by more
than 600,000 visitors, closed its doors; no more searchlight, no more radar,
no more mysterious spheres. Nothing is left, but the testimony of a dozen
people; the searchlight operators, an officer of the Geographic Service of the
Army, and Commander Cottel, who's report is impatiently awaited in the mansion
of the military governor. The curiosity, which can be well imagined, will make
the flying saucers an historic event.

Three Little Beings in an Electric Saucer

Nevers, October 13

Two merchants of Clamecy, M. Louis Vigneron and Henri Gallois, who were
on their way to the fair at Corbigny, noticed, yesterday morning around six-
o'clock, from their little truck, a craft of cylindrical form and of a fairly
large diameter, appearing at a distance of approximately 50 meters.

At the same instant, the engine of the truck stopped and the headlights
went out.

2


- page 2 -

Mr. Gallois stated: "It took away my breath! My body was struck by a sort of electrical discharge. I could very distinctly make out a craft which looked like a saucer.

I noticed three beings of small stature and of seemingly bizarre shape moving around the craft. We sat as if immobilized inside of the little truck unable to move. Only after the craft had flown away with incredible rapidity, could we continue on our way."

Mr. Vineron confirmed these statements of his companion, and so did a third witness, Mr. Henri Chameau, who is a carriage maker at La Carie in the community of Clamecy.

Car Stopped by the Passage of a Reddish Ball

Saint-Etienne, 12 October

Two people from Gueugnon, namely Messrs Jeannet and Garnier, who were on their way home in their automobile last Sunday night, witnessed an inexplicable phenomenon:

Suddenly their vehicle was overflown by a sort of reddish ball which passed by like a flash. The engine of the car stopped and all the lights of the car went out. A few instants later, when the luminous apparition reached the horizon, the headlights of the car functioned again, and the engine purred again.

A giant rocket taking off from a field, has been seen by Mr. Pierre Vidal, cook, living at Croix-Daurade, near Toulouse, and by his nephew, Angel Borie.

The phenomenon disappeared in a luminous orange and pale-green light. At the spot where the rocket had presumably stopped, the grass was covered with a fatty vapor, smelling of petroleum.

3


- page 3 -

Mr. M. Bon, a professor of mathematics, from Lisieux, discovered, over the Saint-Germain-de-Livet woods, a silvery disc of seven or eight meters diameter which rose quietly into the sky while turning around its own axis. After it dived toward the ground from an altitude of approximately 600 meters, it took off in a horizontal direction in a sort of dizzy attitude.

A "special advisory group", namely, the owner of a cafe, a rugby player, and a champion swimmer, have also seen, above the chapel of Brouilly in the direction of Montelas in the department of Rhone, a flying saucer, moving like a ball used for playing.

A ball-shaped object, three meter height, moving in bounds of 12 meters in an orange clean and emitting sparks of greenish light, was observed for an hour, on the railroad tracks from Evreux to Louviers, by an artist, his apprentice and an agricultural worker.

A luminous mushroom, which moved rapidly and noiselessly, has been seen Monday night at half-past 2300 hours, by Mrs. Drouillard, at La Roche-sur-Yon.

A "flying cigar" of metallic appearance, from which three red-balls became detached, has been seen by Mr. Roger Thevenin and Albert Daury, police officers of the city force at Rion (Puy-de-Dome).

Another "cigar", surrounded by an iridescent gleam, has been observed at Bompas in the oriental Pyrenees Mountains. It was discovered by Mr. Sebelli, a baker.

A craft of oblong shape, described big figure 5's in the sky, and making a noise like pressurized vapor, has been spotted by three young miners over the city of Gaillac (Aveyron). The same craft is alleged to have been observed at Pont-de-Salars.

4


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

- H 2 -                                                  FRANCE
                                                          Oct. 8, 1954

NEW UFO'S DESCRIBED AS 'SOUP TUREENS'

Paris, AFP, Radioteletypein French to the Americas, Oct. 7, 1954,
0438 GMT-E

(Text)

Paris--The appearance of mysterious objects, varying now from the classical "saucers" to "cigars" and "soup-tureens," is continuing in France's skies.

A Dordogne farmer saw "Martians" again yesterday. According to him, they were two normal men, of European type, dressed in khaki overalls. They came down from an object which had landed in the vicinity, approached the farmer and shook his hand. Aside from "Petit-mot'd", Awed by stupefaction, the farmer was unable to answer. The two strangers stroked his dog and bearded their engine. They lighted up some kind of electrical lighting, and the apparatus flew away rapidly and noiselessly, without smoke or spark, at a dizzy speed. Owing to fog and semi-darkness, the witness was unable to observe exactly, and gave the following description: The object had the trunk of a bus, cart, and the form of an "oval soup-tureen" streamlined to the front.

Three inhabitants saw a luminous globe which seemed to swing at about 50 centimetres from the ground. The globe turned red and then blue and flew up vertically and rapidly. A similar globe was seen near La Rochelle.

In the Biarritz area, several persons have seen at different hours mysterious round and oval objects, which were leaving luminous trails in the sky.

On the golden coast, a young woman asserted that she saw an unknown object sending forth an orange light, landing near her house. Altered neighbors ascertained later that earth lumps had been thrown around within a radius of 4 meters at the place where the object had landed.

An Isere farmer say a "huge flying orange section." He said that its top was luminous and a little later I saw it divide along its length into three smaller sections, which gradually disappeared."

An inhabitant of Lower Seine saw an object "in the form of a luminous bundle, which changed into a ball before disappearing."

Finally, an engineer of Seine and Marne sent a letter to a local newspaper, stating that he had seen "a big disc, from 8 to 10 meters in diameter, which was rotating on a certain spot, while sending out red and purple lights. The object was about 400 meters in height and gliding over me for more than 20 minutes."


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

- N1 -

FRANCE
Oct. 8, 1954

PRESS WEIGHS MOLOTOV'S BERLIN SPEECH

Paris, French Home Service, Oct. 8, 1954, 0700 GMT-L
(Press Review on Molotov's Berlin Speech)

(Excerpts)

RESISTANCE DE L'OUEST says "Molotov has made, as was expected, a last minute attempt to prevent the strengthening of Western Europe. His attempt is taking place just as the French parliament debates the London agreements. This coincidence throws a blinding light on Soviet aims."

LE PROGRES DE LYON says: "Molotov wishes to strengthen Soviet links with East Germany and to keep the door open for new negotiations." L'HUMANITE says: "It is of course obvious that everything is not yet in the Soviet proposals. But one cannot seriously accuse a diplomacy of remaining faithful to its principles when the latter are those of peaceful coexistence and of negotiations. The fact that such principles are reaffirmed does not weaken them."

LES ECHOS says: "Molotov's offers are vague and unreliable. His willingness to resume negotiations does not mean that he has given up the demands which led to the failure of previous negotiations. The preliminary conditions laid down by the USSR remain today as unacceptable as they were yesterday."

MONDE-ECLAIR says: "The duty of the Western Powers is to be prepared for the worst. That does not prevent them from taking the 'best' if the latter occurs."

LE POPULAIRE says: "One must continue to negotiate. But at the same time one must also put the finishing touch to the defensive organization of the free world. Events have shown that Soviet concessions are in relation to weakness, organization, and solidarity of the West."

Robert Schumann writing in LE COURRIER DE L'EST says: "Constructive cooperation between the East and the West is as impossible because of differences in the very views held by the two sides concerning the fate of man. All we can hope for and try to achieve is the establishment of a modus vivendi between the two world with economic and possibly cultural exchanges. This presupposes the relaxation of controls and the lowering of present barriers."


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

- H 3 -                                                  FRANCE
                                                        Oct. 8, 1954

Paris, AFP, Radioteletypes in English to the Americas, Oct. 7, 1954, 1400 GMT--

(Text)

Chaumont--A road worker near here reported today having seen one of the occupants of a "flying saucer" dressed in a "hair-covered cloak".

Andre Marey, 48, of Hertrud, Haute-Marne, said he was walking along a road yesterday morning when he saw an orange-colored "thing" which he first took to be a tree whose leaves were turning for the fall. As he approached, Marey said he saw next to the "thing" a small "being", less than 4 feet tall, dressed in the coat. Marey said that when he called, the "being" turned and entered the "machine" which rose vertically in the air.

Marey said the machine was spherical in form, and about 30 feet in diameter. Underneath the machine was a sort of spindle, Marey said, and between the spindle and the body of the machine was a "port hole" by which the "being" entered. A flame shot from the spindle as the machine took off, Marey said. Marey said he told his fellow workmen about the incident, and two of them returned with him to the site. All three said they found that the grass had turned slightly milk-colored, and there were round imprints of small legs where the machine had stood.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

- 03 -

SWITZERLAND
Oct. 6, 1954

EUROPEAN NUCLEAR GROUP ELECTS OFFICERS

London, REUTERS, Radiotelettype in English to New York, Oct. 7, 1954, 1905 GMT-

(Text)

Geneva--Delegates from 12 nations today mapped out plans for appointment of top-level officials and adoption of a budget at the opening session of the newly formed European Organization for Nuclear Research.

The EORN was founded last month with ratification of a convention by Britain, Belgium, Denmark, France, Greece, the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland and West Germany. Norway, Italy and Yugoslavia are expected to join, but have as yet to ratify the convention.

The organization's first nuclear equipment, a synchrocyclotron, will be built within the next 2 years and a protonsynchrocyclotron in about 6 years. Its laboratories will be at Meyrin, just outside Geneva.

Total contributions from all nations amounts to $1,979,800 with France giving the lion's share of $484,800.

Officers Elected

Paris, AFP, Radiotelettype in French to the Americas, Oct. 7, 1954, 1202 GMT-

(Text)

Geneva--Sir Ben Lockspeiser of Great Britain has been elected President of the European Organization for Nuclear Research in the first meeting of this organization. L. Valeur of France, whose mandate had expired, Prof. H. Nielsen of Denmark and Dr. A. Lacetta of Italy were elected vice presidents. The delegates of the 12 countries belonging to this organization participated in the voting.


- page 8 -

FOREIGN SIGHTINGS                                                7 Dec 54

France, Italy, Yugoslavia, Switzerland

Report No. AMIC 201599 (TR-271-54) dated 27 October contains various comments extracted from newspapers throughout Europe on various UFO sightings. Descriptions include:

Flying cigars
Flying saucers
Incandescent ellipses
Balls of fire
Luminous ash trays
Immense greenish cigar

COMMENTS: AMIC attributed two major causes of the recent (Sep, Oct, Nov 54) outbreak of sightings in Europe. Mr. Keyhoe's book has recently been translated into various languages and is now selling in Europe. Also, a current increase of meteorite activity might account for a portion of the observations.

ATIC # 204440
Consists of a Plain French
with "I have with my
own eyes on F5 for
after 20 min. - Sig
Fran Eugene Fernier
LCL 26 OCT 54


- page 9 -

The document appears to be a French newspaper article with two sections:

1. Top section title: "Un scaphandrier aux yeux énormes" (A diver with enormous eyes)
   Located in Toulouse, the text discusses a diver with some unusual characteristics.

2. Bottom section title: "Grains de soucoupes" (Saucer grains)
   Located in Nîmes, this section discusses something related to a commune of Saint-Ambroix.

The bottom of the page shows a date: 15 OCTOBRE 1954

The text is in French and appears to be a newspaper clipping, but without a complete OCR, I cannot confidently reproduce the entire text. The image quality suggests this is an old newspaper or document photocopy.


- page 10 -

Article from French newspaper La Croix du Nord (North Star)

Types of Flying Saucers

Nimes, France

Several hunters in the community of Saint-Ambroix (Department of Gard), are alleged to have recently seen seven very-small beings whose shape suggested vaguely that of a human body. When the hunters attempted to approach them, these beings precipitated themselves upon a phosphorescent craft which immediately took off.

At the place where these flying saucer pilots had been, the hunters discovered, on the ground, a number of grains of a queer appearance: they had these grains examined by experts who found it impossible to identify them among any group of grain-types known to science.

A Diver with Enormous Eyes

A diver of small stature with a large head in comparison to his body, and two enormous eyes, was described Wednesday night by Mr. Olivier, an inhabitant of Toulouse. This mysterious pilot alighted from a spherical craft which landed at 1935 hours on an "undefined territory".

Mr. Olivier, owner of the Javal Meto establishment at Toulouse, was accompanied by an employee, Mr. Perano and by a young boy of about 15 years of age. All three of them saw the luminous craft land and noticed that it was of spherical shape and of a reddish color, and also some people approaching


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

With

ADC A 31
EIATE
WMAS3
W3483I
JWFAM 875
QJFAM AS1
EMERGENCY JEDEM JEPHO JEDMI 333
DE JFAM 610
Y 5111942
TM LOWRY FLIGHT SERVICE CENTER LOWRY AFB COLO
TO JEDEM/CG AIR DEFENSE COMMAND ENF AFB COLO
JCPN/SECY OF DEFENSE WASHINGTON DC
JEDMI/COMMANDER DFUTT AFB NEB
CIRVIS (B) SOUTH OF GRAND ISLAND, NEBR. SOUTH OF LINCOLN, NEBR.
SOUTH OF OMAHA, NEBR. SOUTH OF ST. JOSEPH, MO. TO SIGHTED WHAT
APPEARED TO BE A VERY BRIGHT METEOR OD VERY BRIGHT GREEN IN COLOR
LENTING VERY LARGE TRAIL APPEARED IN FORM OF TWO DEGREES RADIAL
ALONG THE HORIZON APPROXIMATELY ONE HUNDRED MILES SOUTH OF LINCOLN
NEBR. REPORTED BY FOUR UNITED AIRLINES PILOTS AND ONE AMERICAN
AIRLINES PILOT (E) 31/1092 OCT JWFAM
31/1092 OCT JWFAM


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

then. One of them, the "diver", sparkled like glass, according to the witnesses.

Mr. Olivier, a veteran aviation pilot, drew the diver on a door in a very impressive manner. Mr. Perens added, "I didn't believe it, but I saw him just as well as I see you. That gave me a darn shock."

After a short while, approximately one minute, the "diver" reached the luminous sphere which took him away in a vertical ascent without noise, and disappeared in the sky at a terrific speed, leaving a streak of fire.

Due to darkness, the investigation could not be undertaken until Thursday morning. City traces have been found at various spots at the "unidentified area".

One of the witnesses alleged that the flying saucer was surrounded by iridescent reflections and emitted around itself a slight fog. He added that when he tried to approach, he was held back at a distance of approximately 20 meters by a paralyzing force, and was violently thrown to the ground when the craft had risen into the sky.

The page is numbered "2" at the bottom.


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

October 1954, Cherry Valley, New York
No Case (Confirmation Only) Source: Satellite 1 Jun 57 (Richard Hall)

SATELLITE

ENGINEER REPORTS 5130
Cherry Valley, N.Y.
October, 1954

"The time was about 4:00 P.M. and the sky was more or less covered with streaks or layers of clouds, with the sky tortured, so to speak, in strange configurations. I was walking in a northwesterly direction, and having been an airplane spotter for a long time, I have formed the habit, quite naturally, of looking at the sky.

I happened to be looking at the West in the direction of my farm buildings, perhaps a half-mile distant and was noting while at first glance was about over my farm buildings. It was quite low, I thought at first it was a large airplane, not moving very swiftly, and perhaps, let us say 300 ft. It did not seem more than that. It was moving horizontally, and then I noticed that it seemed to make a noise, and then I could not see my wings. Finally, it seemed generally to be a large disc or lens-shaped object, and in comparison with the sky's color, I estimated, at a rough guess, to be somewhere else to "Woolch", but I was not going to take my eyes from the object. It was moving like a weird, gliding motion and was rotating. In perspective, it seemed an elliptical appearance and any vertical aspect would show viewed from an angle, the course of slightly varying as it came up and passed me.

Just have seen it for 20 seconds or little more. Then it got scared of me and it presented the appearance of a cylindrical thing, perhaps 5 or 6 times the size of the first view. The color was gray, and I think perhaps a little darker (Conf. on Pg.4 "Engineer")

"Engineer, I (Govt.) on the rim or edge, not much but once, saw what was clearly defined. Suddenly it stopped and seemed to be going in a direction more or less vertical, and in the first motion, but still in an upright direction. There was nothing or it to indicate whether it was rotating. This wide angle view was as an engineer, because any sudden rotation or acceleration requires in so large an object the application of a very considerable force, and seemed a much shorter turn and a more rapid then than any similar I had ever seen could be applied to a large object.

If then began to move around in a direction or perhaps at right angles to its first position. It was not an angle of perhaps 30 or 35 degrees from the direction it moved when I first saw it. I was moving horizontally, there were some slow circular motions, and it seemed then and was lost to sight. For perhaps a second, two, be moved into vision again above the first layer of clouds..."

(Signed): Stephen E. Cox

(Note: Case was told to R. N. Varnum, New York in the field of physical engineering. He is a member of A.S.M.E., and O.A.S.E. A registered professional engineer.)


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information, so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
1   Oct   1954
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 12 - 15 minutes
Hour   minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other __________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Home
(through open window)
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town                State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
25     "
Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? spoke coming from ground
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

d. To your left   in meadow
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FORM                                 Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service
FTD OCT 62 164                                                                         May 1965


- page 15 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other:

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
    It disappeared in 25 minutes and there was no sign it was now there

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes   [NO]   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
    it moved behind: ______

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes   [NO]   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
    in front of: ______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound     A hissing sound
    b. Color     Red green silver bright lights

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the patch head?
    1 stage. Appears. (Some sketched markings)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
    Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
    (A sketch of a semicircle with notes about colors, bright, very bright, and flames)


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   now took off

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

20. Where were you located when you saw the object?   21. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One)
a. inside a building                                a. in the business section of a city?
b. in a car                                         b. in the residential section of a city?
c. outdoors                                         c. in open countryside?
d. in an airplane (type)                            d. near an airport?
e. At sea                                           e. Flying over a city?
f. Other                                            f. Flying over open country?
                                                    g. Other   meadow - still

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)   a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
        b. Northeast                d. Southeast     f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Do you observe the object more or less following:
a. Gyrations   Yes   No             g. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No             h. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Wind glasses   Yes   No             i. Thunderlite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No             j. Other

26. In order that we can get as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Remained on ground 
on 25 minutes disappeared


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw the object. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you lost the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

It stood in one place first well around source.

(light) (bright) drifts in color ground

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Just one
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

It took like a plastic and transparent and clear
(and very bright)


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

no - nothing before

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No   X

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

I was alone

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Fall River [redacted] Mass
TELEPHONE NUM: [redacted] AGE: 50   SEX: F

indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

no other experience

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?

Oct 1954
just my family


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   28   Jan   1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

It was 13 yrs ago. I saw this object at the time no one believed what I saw. I decided to send it. I hope someone will see-the same thing! for I feel I saw alone with what I saw. I believe some day-the truth will come along and we will know the truth about flying saucers. This is the best I can offer and the truth. I saw it. I will never forget it.

Field River Moss


- page 21 -

P.S. I wish to thank you for
the information on flying saucers
Thank you again


- page 22 -

INFORMATION ONLY                                                October 1954
                                                                           ITALY

FOREIGN SIGHTINGS                                                 6 Dec 1954

Report No. ATIC 200393 (14-440-54) dated 22 October 54 contains
41 newspaper accounts of Unidentified UFO sightings during October 1954.

Varied descriptions of size, composition, color and performance
characteristics were reported, some of which are listed as follows:

"Flying Saucer" - Evaluated as sounding typical
White luminous cigar
Luminous discs
Luminous devices
Fire-red pumpkin
Flying cigar
Luminous cigar
Silver blue disc
Torpedo shaped
Flying cylinder
Luminous circle

ATIC # 262 710 (14-CCA)
(IR-467-54)
Recd fr MA, I lay contains
112 articles on UFO's
within IR-lay

ITALIAN NEWSPAPER ACCOUNTS
OF UFO ACTIVITY OVER ITALY
IR-440-54 OCT-54 ATIC 200392


- page 23 -

No Case (Information Only)

8 October, 1954
Pasadena, California

Source: Flying Saucer - 182.0 My

On October 8th, 1954 about 7 o'clock in the evening all of my family and some of the neighbors saw eight U. F. O's which were flying due west in two groups and in V formation. They had a white light with a blush tinge around the edge. These eight were flying at about five thousand feet altitude and were silent. As soon as the UFO were out of sight I called the tower at Lockheed Air Terminal in Burbank, Calif. (I was living in Tacoma, near San Fernando) at the time) and asked the man at the tower if they were aware of the UFO and he said yes, but that was all they would tell me. Later I found out through a friend who was a ham radio operator that the Lockheed Air Terminal called the Air National Guard at Van Nuys and they sent up a F 80 jet which chased these UFO, but could not catch up with them.

Vincent Pixley
2801 Sunray Ave.
Montclair, Calif.


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)
Source: Springfield

See 'Em?---Saucers Cover City
Several Disc Objects Reported Over Cincinnati;
Little Men Leave Craft in Germany, Says Here

Mysterious aircraft ... "orange-red colored, silent, disc-shaped and 60 feet in diameter," were reported hovering 300 feet over Cincinnati Monday.

This was the fifth report within a week of similar objects seen around the city, always traveling in sets of three.

A similar wave of flying saucer reports has cropped up in five other parts of the world, including Germany, Belgium, Egypt, Argentina, Lebanon and the French Cameroons.

LATEST DISCS cited here were Monday at 3 p.m. by VLW announced. Keith Wilcoxon, Place, 7015 Britton Avenue, "director of civilian research, interplanetary hypotheses," said the current reports "seem to indicate a pattern" in the flight of the saucers.

One of Springfield's neighbors, John H. Sundstrom, Ohio Britton Avenue, spotted a formation of three discs Sunday at 5 p.m.

SPRINGFIELD SAID Cincinnati is supposed to be a magnetic fault line and that perhaps the saucers come here to recharge.

In Mannheim, Germany, 13-year-old movie projectionist Franz Hoge told the news agency DPA that he saw a "flying saucer" land in a field and peculiarly shaped creatures get out.

Hose said he noticed a bright blue light and thought at first it came from a crashed airplane. On closer examination, he declared he discovered a "cigar-shaped" craft hovering about six feet above the ground and giving off a brilliant blue radiance which nearly blinded him.

Then, the movie projectionist added, the suddenly sighted four creatures about three and one-half feet in height. He said they had "thick-set bodies, oversize heads and defaced legs" and wore rubber-like clothing.

T.L. CINCINNATI POST
Date 10-11-54
Edition Final
Section News
Page ______


- page 25 -

Saucers Back Again
--This Time Bangkok

BANGKOK, Oct. 16 (INS) -- mien Sigueres, 56, described the "saucer" as a large red sphere.

He added that the occupant jumped back into his craft and took off rapidly, but noticeably, when he saw Sigueres' two dogs.

Thailand which has been feeling ignored by interplanetary visitors--heaved a sigh of relief today after a flying saucer was sighted over Bangkok.

Bangkok newspapers, quoted by Agence France Presse, not only hailed the sighting of a saucer over their city "at last," but declared that "available information reveals that uninvited guests from outer space are directing their attention here with a friendly attitude toward the people of Bangkok."

PERPIGNAN, France, Oct. 15 (INS)--A retired French customs man today reported he saw a flying saucer land and a tall man dressed in "a diver's suit" step out. Agence France Presse said Details were not immediately available.


- page 26 -

No Case (Information Only)

15 October, 1954 Bangkok, Thailand

T.A.G. Gen. Reg. Oct. 71, 1954


- page 27 -

No Case (Information Only)
DRN (World of Flying Saucers)

27 October 1954
Rocky Mountain States

Idaho, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, Arizona and New Mexico 19
p. 115]. Similar fireballs that vanished without trace were reported
on September 28, 1951 (AMS 2331), October 4, 1953 (AMS 3239).


- page 28 -

No Case (Information Only)

20 October 1954
Commanding Officer
Greenwich, Conn. (cont)
OCT. 29, 1954

Meteor Blazes
Across Sky In
7-Second Show

A large meteoric fireball estimated at about the size of a full moon as seen at dawn, blazed across the sky in Greenwich last night—taking a full seven seconds to burn out and disappear.

The fireball swished out of the southwest and burned out and disappeared in the southeastern sky. It was a pale green in color and left a long trail of sparks behind it.

It was sighted at the Ground Observer Corps observation tower at Greenwich Point at 10:25 p.m. by Timothy J. O'keefe of Cos Cob, who was on duty at the time. William Urban and Lee Spann later reported they saw the fireball in central Greenwich.

Officials of the Ground Observer Corps said they received reports from other residents of the town who saw the luminous meteor and who, thought it might have been a blaring plane about to crash.


- page 29 -

NOVEMBER 1954 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                    OBSERVER           EVALUATION

3       Burlison, Texas              Military           Insufficient Data
3       St. Louis, Missouri          Military           Insufficient Data
4       Labrador                     Military           Astro (METEOR)
4       Almanorf, Alaska              Unknown           Balloon
4       St. Lawrence, Alaska          Unknown           Insufficient Data
5       San Juan, Puerto Rico         Military          Astro (METEOR)
5       Memphis, Tennessee             Military         Aircraft
6       LaFollette, Tennessee          Military         Balloon
6       Branchenburg, Kentucky         Military         Balloon
6       Nashville, Tennessee           Military         Astro (METEOR)
7       New Castle AFB, Delaware       Military         Aircraft
7       Okinawa (CASE MISSING)         Mil & Civ        Balloon
7       Oneida, Tennessee              Military         Balloon
7       Baltimore, Maryland            Military         Aircraft
7       Brunswick, Georgia             Military         Astro (METEOR)
8       Atlantic Ocean                 Military         Insufficient Data
8       Newark Valley, New York        Military         Other (FLARES)
8       Hampton Corners, Virginia      Military         Insufficient Data
9       Knoxville, Tennessee           Military         Aircraft
9       Salem, Massachusetts           Military         Balloon
10      Townsend, Massachusetts        Military         Astro (METEOR)
11      West Virginia                  Military         Aircraft
12      Louisville, Kentucky           Military         Balloon
12      Massachusetts, New Jersey      Mili Civilian    Astro (METEOR)
12      Barcerton, Ohio                Military         Aircraft
14      Killeen, Texas                 Military         Balloon
14      Frederick, Maryland (CASE MISSING) City - Unknown Insufficient Data
15      Walker AFB, New Mexico         Military         Aircraft
15      Augusta, Maine                 Military         Unidentified
15      New Orleans, Louisiana         Mil & Civ (RADAR) Insufficient Data
17      Alexandria, Louisiana          Military         Insufficient Data
18      Gulf of Mexico                 Military         Insufficient Data
18      Ogden, Utah                    Mil & Civ (RADAR) Astro (METEOR)
19      Corvallis, Oregon              City & Mil       Unidentified
19      Beaumont, Texas                Military         Insufficient Data
19      New Orleans, Louisiana         City & Mil       Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
21      Canterbury, New Zealand        Military         Balloon
22      Edwards AFB, California        Military         Aircraft (REFUELING)
23      Topia, New Mexico              Military         Astro (METEOR)
25      Los Alamos, New Mexico         Military         Aircraft (BELO)
25      San Antonio, Texas             Military         Insufficient Data
25      Millville, New Jersey          Military         Other (SITES)
25      Cincinnati, Ohio               Military         Unidentified
29      Manila, Philippines            Medical Doctor   Unidentified
29      Charleston, South Carolina (CASE MISSING) Military Astro (METEOR)
29      Havana, Alabama (SAUCERS)      Mil (PHOTO OF PNS) Astro (METEOR)

(ALSO) Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, South Carolina, Florida observations.....

See separate file
DATE    LOCATION                    SOURCE              EVALUATION


- page 30 -

FOREIGN SIGHTINGS                                                7 Dec 54

France, Italy, Yugoslavia, Switzerland

Report No. ATIC 901129 (R-471-54) dated 27 October contains
various comments excerpted from newspapers throughout Europe on
various UFO sightings. Descriptions include:

Flying cigars
Flying saucers
Incandescent ellipses
Balls of fire
Luminous red trays
Luminous green cigar

COMMENTS: ATIC anticipated two major causes of the recent (Sep, Oct,
Nov 54) outbreak of sightings in Europe. Mr. [redacted] book
has recently been translated into various languages and is now
widely, i.e. Europe, also, a spread increase of newspaper activity
might account for a portion of the observations.


- page 31 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Italian Skeptics Now
Eat Words on Saucers

The Evansville Press, a Scripps-Howard Newspaper, prints the following account of flying saucers in Italy. It was written by a former Evansville resident, now Mrs. James Hogg 3rd. She lives in Florence, where she is secretary to Bernard Berenson, art critic and writer. Her husband teaches in an art academy there.

By MRS. JAMES HOGG 3rd.

The saucers are flying thick. Stefanoni tried to sic his big and fast around here and many Boxer dog against the Martians, a skeptic is eating his words but the beast, intimidated, in-We're so annoyed, they've been steed hit his master in the over Florence three days in a jacket. While Stefanoni sought row and we've managed to miss to liberate himself from his dog, the two strangers succeeded in reaching the disc and a few in-stants later, with a sound simiFformations of them were seen over Livorno. The next day was even more interesting. I-boats all along the Adriatic party were in descriptions in the space of a half hour, so that these come and speed could be fairly well plotted.

Thursday night in a little town in the vicinity of Milan, around 10 o'clock, a man returning from the movies on his bike was passing the local sports field and noticed a light of exceptional intensity, a luminous body and nearby "two small shadows" that emitted strange guttural sounds. He raced back into the town to call the police and described what he had seen.

A whole group of people went back later described figures with white pants, grey jackets, helmets seemingly of transparent plastic. "The intense sub-light of the disc enabled them not to perceive a face of dark color sur- with a notable prominence, that recalled a little elephant." (breaching apparatus?)

The description was of a disc divided in two parts illuminated by a green light "that rested on the ground on three points." The superior part was a hemispherical cabin illuminated by a silver light so strong as to annoy the eyes, and on top of the cabin an antenna. When finally they were able to force the gates and approach the figures, they retreated toward the disc—"all present followed with baffling hearts, now, unfortunately, was armed but they found a box of fruit and three that."

Then "Ti Signor Giacomo


- page 32 -

The only text I can clearly see in this image is:

"CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE"

The image appears to be a black and white illustration or sketch depicting multiple figures, with what seems to be a rocket or tall structure in the background. The image looks like it might be from a scientific or technical document, possibly related to space or aviation.


- page 33 -

Here is the text from the document:

LIFE [handwritten at top]

NOW THEY'RE IN ITALY
Astral intruders are depicted by local artist

They had been in France and now over the Alps into Italy they came, only 1,750 years behind Hannibal's elephants. The astral adventurers in flying saucers who in spent the French fete, Nov. 19 had more or less in the Tuscan village of Bienne two shots popped out a spasmodic conversance and arrested Signora Rosa Danelli. They snatched one of her silk stockings and also made off with some cushions. She was carrying Mrs. Danelli called the police. Their listened. So did an artist for an Italian magazine, who imaginatively depicted the incident (below). Many other Italians have reported similar incidents (p. 138) involving flying disks, cars and Martian (Marzian). The Italian air force, however, has reported that its radar, so far, has registered only recognizable airstrips.

THE VICTIM: Rosa Danelli, tells husband and children about her distressing meeting with strange little men. Police who sent to the scene found nothing.

DRAWING FROM ITALIAN MAGAZINE "LA DOMENICA DEL CORRIERE" SHOWS HOW SIGNORA DANELLI WAS ROBBED IN THE WOODS BY TWO MERRY CREATURES


- page 34 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ANSWERED DATES: OCTOBER 1954

Information Only.

Article from French newspaper, "France-Soir", dated 14 October 1954
France

The military commander (governor) of Metz studies the report of Commander Cottel, who saw a luminous craft caught in the beam of a searchlight.

By special reporter Henri Pignolet

The military commander of Metz, General Mavereau, Commander of the Sixth District listened this morning to a report by Commander Cottel, specialist of terrestrial anti-aerial forces, on the presence (last Sunday) of a mysterious craft, which appeared during a three-hour period in the beam of a powerful army searchlight, in the sky over the city. It can be very well imagined, with what care and caution the Commander of the FTAA has edited this report.

Commander Cottel was in charge of the radar post, installed at the army stand of the Commercial Fair at Metz which just closed. This post had a powerful searchlight which swept the sky over the city during the fair. A dozen men were around the apparatus when, on Sunday night, the beam of light suddenly focused upon a motionless globe in the middle of the sky, "scintillating like a ball on a Christmas tree," asserted the Commander.

The beam was directed straight upward. The "thing" seemed to be 10,000 meters off. This is, at least, what experts alleged. There was no mistake, it must be stated.

"It is a sonde-ball", said one of the searchlight operators.

"Impossible, this must have a diameter of 50 meters." Everybody agreed, but who can tell for sure?

The Radar Apparatus Did Not Record Anything

Since one did not dare to believe in flying saucers, it was decided to clean the lenses and even to change the carbon-electrodes in the searchlight.

1


- page 35 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

le gouverneur militaire de Metz
étudie le rapport du commandant
Cottel qui a vu un engin lumineux
pris dans le faisceau d'un projecteur

(De notre envoyé spécial Henri PIGNOLET)

METZ, 13 octobre (par téléphone).

Le gouverneur militaire de Metz, général Navereau, commandant la 6e région, attend ce matin
le rapport du commandant Cottel, spécialisé des forces territoriales antiaériennes, sur la pré-
sence, dimanche dernier, dans le viel de la ville, d'un mystérieux engin qui pendant trois
heures a été dans les faisceau d'un puissant projecteur de l'armée.

[The rest of the text continues in French, describing various details about a luminous object seen near Metz. The text includes multiple smaller articles about other UFO-like sightings, such as "Trois 'petits êtres' dans une soucoupe électrique" (Three 'little beings' in an electric saucer) and other related incidents.]

The document appears to be a French newspaper article from October 13th discussing a military governor's investigation of a luminous object seen near a military projecteur (searchlight).


- page 36 -

