PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 May 54
30/1600Z

2. LOCATION
Columbus, Ohio

3. SOURCE
civilian

10. CONCLUSION INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
no other information

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
11 or 12

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
11 or 12 objects observed in SW moving to NE in seconds
observed by witness painting.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
ground visual

7. COURSE
NE

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
□ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
28 May 1954
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 1109 15
               Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Columbus, Ohio
City or Town     State or Country

5. Estimate how long you saw the object.
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain     c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight     e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember


- page 2 -

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: [blank line]
    b. Color: [blank line]

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
    [Large blank drawing space]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember
    e. Other: [blank line]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 11 or 12
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
    [Blank drawing space]


- page 3 -

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Painting

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

Page 5


- page 4 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repost information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE: [Blank]

DATE: 30 May 1954

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:


- page 5 -

