UFCB INDEX CARD

1. DATE
23 November 1954

2. LOCATION
Edwards AFB, (Muroc), Calif.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
GMT 23/0152 Nov 54

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
X Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
X Air Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
X No

6. SOURCE
Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Four (4) Minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Four (4)

9. COURSE
Heading of 50°

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Four (4), loosely spaced lights, which appeared to blink at times and were definitely brighter than stars

11. COMMENTS
Investigation revealed the objects to be a/c Refueling Operation

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
X Was Aircraft
X Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

AISOP Form 5 (15 Oct 54)


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are faint or partially illegible]

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

1. PRELIMINARY SURGE: Was first sighted outside on clear day at Edwards AFB, Calif.

2. SOURCE: Was first sighted by military personnel at Edwards AFB, Calif. Airpt. on 6 Nov 54.

3. DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING:

a. SOURCE: Was first sighted outside on clear day at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif. Airpt. Location: Lower Edwards AFB, Calif. Altitude: Approx 20,000 ft. Indicated Airspeed: Unknown. Object was in vertical form. (10) Object was stationary during most of observation.

b. Several blocks away, about the size of a large star when first seen.

c. There was no trace of daylight and moon was not visible.

d. SOURCE: Picked a set of Minuteman (?) at about 20,000 ft.

e. The object looked like a round or disc-like formation.

f. The object looked like some other aircraft or formation and was moving at about 200 (170) miles per hour.

g. Almost equal to the width of formation and moving at about 200 miles per hour.

h. [Partially illegible text]

The document appears to be a Project Blue Book UFO sighting report from Edwards Air Force Base in California on November 6, 1954.


- page 2 -

Much of the text on this document is illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. I can partially make out some text at the top of the document and on the left side margin, but most of the content is too blurry to accurately transcribe. The document appears to be an official form or report with vertical and horizontal lines creating sections, typical of government or military documentation from the 1950s.


- page 3 -

Most of the text on this document is illegible due to poor image quality. The only clearly visible text is at the bottom of the page, which appears to read "AF Form 112a" and some other text that is too blurry to confidently transcribe.

The image contains what appears to be a photograph with several circular objects or shapes against a grainy background. There is also a long thin line or object to the right side of the image.


- page 4 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and low contrast. I can partially make out some text in the letterhead area and bottom of the page, but cannot confidently reproduce those sections with certainty. The document appears to be an official form or report with a faded, low-resolution black and white scan.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are faint or partially illegible]

UNCLASSIFIED

[Top section with form fields is mostly illegible]

Section I. PRELIMINARY DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING

1. Date of Observation: [partially illegible date]
2. Time of Observation: [partially illegible time]
3. Location: Edwards AFB, Muroc, Calif.

[Middle section contains a narrative description, but much of the text is too faint to fully transcribe with certainty]

Source of Description of Sighting:

1. SOURCE was inside a building at (2)(3)(12) [rest of text illegible]

2. During the (2) [rest of text partially illegible]
   The objects... they did not move... [incomplete text]

[Several numbered points follow, but text is very faint and partially unreadable]

[Bottom of page has some additional text, but most is illegible]

UNCLASSIFIED

[Handwritten note at bottom of page]


- page 6 -

The text on this page is largely illegible. The document appears to be a black and white page from a UFO report, with several circular objects or markings visible on the page. The page number "1" is visible near the top of the document. Some text is present at the bottom of the page, but it is too blurry to accurately transcribe.


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are very faint or partially obscured, so I will indicate where text is unclear or illegible]

[Top of document has several lines that are mostly illegible or blacked out]

[Middle section, partially readable text:]

...miles East of BORON (G) where he saw four (4) objects at 12 or 12:15 PM...

[Several paragraphs are difficult to read in full, with words and phrases partially visible]

At the intersection where US Highway 395 intersects US Highway 466 (ABC) at 1:05 (ABC) automobile...

[Bottom of document has clearer text:]

1. INCIDENT
2. SOURCES
   a. Statement by source
   b. Source reliability details of object description

[Bottom of page shows form number AF Form 112]

Much of the document is too faint or blurred to provide a complete, accurate transcription. Large sections appear to be deliberately obscured or redacted.


- page 8 -

Some text is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. However, I can make out the following:

At the bottom right of the document, I can clearly read:
Edward Wise
Richard A. Wise
Secretary, USAF

The rest of the document's text is mostly blurred and illegible, with only fragments of words and lines visible. The document appears to be an official military or government report, likely from Project Blue Book related to a UFO sighting in Edwards Air Force Base/Muroc, California in 1954.


- page 9 -

Most of the text on this document is illegible due to the low quality of the scanned image. I can partially make out some text at the bottom of the page, which appears to read:

AF Form 112: [rest is illegible]

The document appears to be a black and white photograph or document with several circular shapes/objects and what looks like a curved line or arc on the page. There is a vertical scale or measurement line visible on the right side of the image.


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are faint or partially illegible]

[Top of document header is mostly illegible]

a. Reported over: BAKERSFIELD, Calif. area at 1705 hrs. (27/0852)
New Sky: Sky over MINTER, Calif. (0216-1258) - 1711 hrs. (27/0857)

[Several lines of text in the middle sections are difficult to fully read due to image quality]

6. COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICER:

The possibility that the object was the reflection of a star or planet cannot be completely ruled out. However, the description of the object as reported by the pilots suggests that it was something other than a celestial body.

[Bottom of document shows signatures and form number AF Form 112]


- page 11 -

PACF TWO JOPLIN 2315

(1) NOTE

(2) DESCRIPTION OF COURSE

(3) 60 TO 70 DEGREES

(4) UNK

(5) UNK

(6) LEVEL FLIGHT

(7) FADED OUT

(8) 3 TO 4 MIN

(9) MANNER OF OBSERVATION

(10) GROUND VISUAL ACFT IN FLT

(11) BINOCULARS 7-50

(12) TPAF ATOMO 6000 TO 7000 FT 50 DEG BOUNDS EDWARDS AFB CALIF

(13) TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING

(14) 20/1952

(15) POINT

(16) LOCATION OF OBSERVER (S)

BLEND OF MUROC DRY LAKE AND CONTROL TWR AT EDW

(17) IDENTIFYING INFORMATION OF ALL OBSERVER (S)

(18) NONE

(19) STEPHENS ROBERT L MAJ AFSDC EDW


- page 12 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. I can partially make out some text in the header and footer areas, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text. The document appears to be an official form or report with a faded, grainy black and white appearance.


- page 13 -

Unfortunately, most of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality, heavy shadowing, and low contrast. Only fragments of text can be partially discerned, but not enough to confidently reproduce full sentences or paragraphs. The document appears to be a vintage official document, likely from Project Blue Book, but the specific details cannot be reliably extracted from this scan.


- page 14 -

IN ACTION

23 NOV 1954 09 23

JEDEC JEDEC JEDPC JEDPOW 444

2305242

COMDR MARCH FLT SV GEN MARCH AFB CALIF

JEDEC/COMDR ADC HT AFB COLO

HQ/COMD ATIC WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO

DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE HQ USAF WASHDC

HQ/COMDR 27TH AIR DIVISION NORTON AFB CALIF

T O D

(1) DESCRIPTION
(2) INDESCERNIBLE
(3) DIME
(4) WHITE
(5) FOUR
(6) LINE
(7) NONE
(8) NONE
(9) NONE

Call H.T.I.C.
OD at 29/70's
will fill 2 mtm


- page 15 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Most of the text on this document is illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. The header "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" is clearly visible at the top of the page, but the rest of the text is too blurry or faded to be accurately transcribed. There appears to be a signature or handwritten section at the bottom of the document, but the details are not discernible.


- page 16 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE CORRELATION REPORT

[Most of the text in the body of the document is illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. Some words and phrases can be partially made out, but not enough to confidently transcribe full sentences.]

At the bottom of the document, there is a signature that appears to read "Edward O. Winn" with some additional text that is partially obscured.

The document appears to be an official Air Force report form with various sections and fields, but the details are not clearly readable.


- page 17 -

Redacted

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Observation

[Most of the text is difficult to read clearly due to the image quality. Some words and phrases are partially legible, but a complete transcription is not possible without risking introducing errors. The document appears to be an official Air Force form (AF Form 1124) related to a UFO sighting, with sections for various details about the observation, but the specifics are not clearly discernible.]

At the bottom of the page, there is a form number "AF Form 1124" visible.


- page 18 -

Much of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. I can partially make out some text in the top section of the document, but most of the page appears blurry and washed out. The only clearly readable text I can see is:

1. In the left side section, there appear to be two numbered lines, but their text is not fully legible.

2. At the bottom of the page, there are some partially visible words, but not enough to confidently transcribe.

The document appears to be an official form or report, with a bordered layout typical of government or military documents from the 1950s, but the details cannot be clearly read.


- page 19 -

Much of the text on this document is illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. I can make out some partial text and signatures, but cannot confidently reproduce most of the text. The bottom right of the document appears to have a signature, and there is a signature or stamp in the bottom left that looks like "Fred J. Clark" or something similar. The document appears to be an official form or report with multiple sections, but the details are not clear enough to transcribe accurately.


- page 20 -

Most of the text on this document is illegible due to the low quality of the scanned image. There are some faint lines of text at the top and bottom of the document, but I cannot make out the specific words. The main part of the document contains several circular shapes or markings, but the text associated with them is not readable.


- page 21 -

