PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP
DAY OCT 54

2. LOCATION
UNION CITY, INDIANA

3. SOURCE
CIVILIAN

10. CONCLUSION
OTHER: CHAFF DROP

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
MULTIPLE

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Fast moving object moving SE in direction of Dayton Airport. High with bright sunlight reflecting from obj. in sight. For only minute or two. No contains or exhaust. After plane left dozens of obj were observed to float toward ground. Some of theobjs floated directly overhead. Trace objs were like shiny threads. K Flat rainbow colored plastic.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1-2 MINUTES FOR A/C

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
GROUND VISUAL

7. COURSE
FALLING

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

COMMENTS:
Witnesses observed chaff drop.

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ NOT RECVD

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Union City, Indiana, November 8, 1954.

[Recipient's address and name are redacted]

Dear [Redacted]:

Answering to that department I should address this letter I am sending it to you with request that you forward it to the proper department for whatever attention is warranted.

I am writing this letter believing that some department in the Government might be interested in the strange incidents witnessed by my wife and I on September 22, 1954 in the area of the phenomena and what caused it.

While working in our yard and moving a few in this western sky a fast moving object moving in a south easterly direction was seen by me.

It was too high and too far away to see an outline of it but in a bright sunshine it was very bright and much the size of a large cloud balloon. It moved so rapidly that it was either a vision or a plane. While I have been leave in their wake a presence of smoke or gas was seen the next morning.

However our curiosity was not aroused until after the brief shining object had disappeared, then a strange phenomenon occurred.

Immediately following the disappearance of the bright object, we saw in the direction of the spot where the fast moving object had disappeared, some loose or lost object floating in the sky. Perhaps the pictures we have seen of attached or flying we more excited or mistaken.

These objects were varying distance, some being as large as a foot to a foot and half in diameter while others were much smaller. They moved in single and very bright. At first they seemed to be no larger than a bird of fun. But of course the distance and the size may have been accepted by an optical illusion.

As we watched these dozens of objects floating towards us and one floated directly over our house. It came near as I lost track of the time watching a pillar-shaped object and attached time to the antenna. It was about 30 feet long and at three-fourth fade the end attached to the antenna was threaded like a TV beam. It was between our antenna and the Dayton TV tower. Further we were not bright, no our vision does not carry from one antenna all pointing to the Dayton...

[Text cuts off at bottom of page]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Sheet 3.

but this was not all. We also saw something thread like objects
from the tree tops in the front of our yard to the west.

Later we noticed some of this material on the bushes was at
least 1/2 to 3/4 inch in diameter. When picked up it was rather
firm and could be pulled apart like a piece of spider web. In
size it was probably 1/2 and of an inch in size or smaller.

A few days later we heard news broadcast at tip and side of
the WAND in Muncie, Indiana, probably the same announcer who had
also, from a report they had received from Dayton, Ohio.

These broadcasts said the meteoric had been seen over two school
teachers and their city pupils.

Telling a friend about this strange spectacle he said we had
seen the "misty spider web" that was concerning this area. This
spider wave large webs and float then in the air to a try the
public from place to place.

Thanking you for any attention you wish to give this letter and
for any information you can furnish me, I am,

Union City, Indiana.


- page 3 -

26 OCTOBER 1954

SAFLIL/Ac Wilson/ksa/7130.12 NOV 54
SUBJECT: 2187-M

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

I refer to your recent request, expressing interest in behalf of Mr. [redacted] concerning the unidentified flying object, sighted on 4 November in the vicinity of Union City, Indiana, on 4 NOV 54.

A copy of the subject report has been forwarded to AFCIN-4D for further action. Having maintained contact, the information submitted by the said is presumably studied in a document to identify the objects which has been forwarded.

Sincerely yours,
[signature]

Inclosure
Ltr to Capt [redacted] dtd 4 Nov
Memorandum
Route of Representatives

Ist: Case in Incl & 1&0 12 Nov w/enso 29 Nov.
Final Ltr prep & fwded 12 Nov whand on Standard
reply.

SAFLIL-1                 SAFLIL


- page 4 -

Congress of the United States
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.

Sir:

The attached communication
is sent for your consideration.
Please investigate the statements
contained therein and forward me
the necessary information for re-
ply, returning the enclosed corre-
spondence with your answer.

Yours truly,

[Signature is blacked out/redacted]


- page 5 -

