The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 1954-1956
2. LOCATION: Shreveport, Louisiana 
3. DATE-TIME GROUP:
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. PHOTO: No
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION:
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: "Letter received in 1953 of sighting of objects photographed during the period of 1955-1956."
11. COMMENTS: "Photo analysis shows objects to be birds or some possibly phantams."

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document.

Dear sir,
While looking through some items, I came across a letter that was written in 1952. It was a large black dot or a bit white. I cannot say when this picture was taken. It was a strange sight. I do not know what this strange was, rather it was a trick or a mirage. I cannot possibly tell you what it was (it 197 55.27 1958). I hope this help.
S.S., my address is [redacted]

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. The image contains a text letter discussing the lack of supporting information for a reported UFO sighting and the difficulty in properly evaluating the sighting.

SAFTS-3/Jma/Tacker/3ma/7/9/56

27 February 1959

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is in reply to your letter of 29 January 1959 concerning unidentified flying objects which you photographed on 12-21-1956. The long time interval since the sighting, the lack of supporting information, and the poor quality of the photographs make it most difficult to properly evaluate this sighting.

Moreover, the objects appear to be birds in the air, probably waterfowl. Also, the cloudy condition of the sky may have limited visibility from a ground observer's position, possibly from a forest fire or brush fire.

We are returning the photographs with you, the latest report on unidentified aerial phenomena dated 5 November 1957.

Sincerely,

LAVAL R. TURNER
Chief, Technical Analysis Division
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Enclosure:
s/s

Shreveport, Louisiana

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a cover sheet or document from Project Blue Book, a former U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

UFO letter + Photo from Mr. [redacted]
ROUTING
INIT IN OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT
TO: SAFIS 3, Allen Hynek, Teacher
COMMENTS: [redacted]
1. Enlargements show that objects appear to be lights on the water, probably presents.
2. Do not believe letters and enclosures describe anyth[ing] new for us or substantially add to current thought for this type of report.
3. Some should be retained why no:report UFO beyond a year or an expenditure.
4. Interesting results from technical returns.

Please note that the text and information have been transcribed exactly as it appears in the document, including redacted portions.

- page 4 -

The image appears to show a blurry and indistinct photograph, with some handwritten text and annotations on it. The text on the image reads "Birds - Partly Pheasants?" and there are some scribbles and circles around the image.

1954-xx-6779336-Shreveport-Louisiana.pdf5.txt:

Birds - Partly Pheasants?

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. The text in the image states "this case includes one (1) 8 x 10 Black and White Photo."

This case includes one (1) 8 x 10 Black and White Photo.

- page 6 -

