PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
   May 54
   05/10302

2. LOCATION
   St Lawrence Island, Alaska

3. SOURCE
   civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
   one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
   5 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   ground visual

7. COURSE
   south

8. PHOTOS
   □ Yes
   ■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
   □ Yes
   ■ No

10. CONCLUSION
    Possible vessel, ATIC 184032 (a) on file in repository.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
    Saw white light proceeding along horizon. No other peculiarities noted. NO REPORT IN FILE.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-529 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

INFORMATION ONLY (NO CASE)                                                -4-

LOGAN, UTAH JOLTED BY VIOLENT EXPLOSION AND
FOLLOWING MYSTERIOUS "STREAK OF LIGHT" IN SKY
    meteorite, but as the evidence was assembled by foremost geologists, the
    theory dissipated. Here's the story, thanks to the help of John German, the
    of Woodscross, Utah who probed the Salt Lake Tribune files early this week
    -- before SILENCE!

On May 7, 1954 the Tribune reported: "A 'conventional meteorite' fall' did not
produce the crater found west of here Sunday, and probing the situation at the
scene have been discontinued, geologists said. In a 73-word statement, scientists
gave reasons why they ended their investigation, but it contained no definite
opinion on who or what made the hole, or how it was made.

"The statement, signed by J. Stewart Williams, professor of geology, Utah State
Agricultural College, Lincoln La Paz, director, Institute of Meteorites, University
of New Mexico and Clyde T. Hardy, USAC geology professor read:

'In the region extending from Clarkston south to Paradise, exhaustive interrogation of numerous persons who saw or heard the explosive phenomenon at midnight on May 1 has been carried out. The testimony thus obtained and material evidence recovered as a result of subsurface investigation at the site of the explosion west of Logan have disclosed that the crater was not produced by a conventional meteorite fall. For these reasons, operations have been discontinued.'"

And from the Tribune, May 5: "Dr. Lincoln La Paz spent his first full day here, working with Dr. J. Stewart Williams and Dr. Clyde T. Hardy. On his arrival here Monday night, Dr. La Paz said the hole must have been made by a 'whopper' if it contains a meteorite. They decided to place a frame around the crater and cover it with wire mesh. Workers will stand on movable planks and probe with a pipe. In this way they will know they have probed every place possible under the mesh.

"My recommendation is that we excavate until we find what made the hole," said Dr. La Paz, who is credited with recovering the world's largest aerolite, weighing more than one ton."

The incident occurred on May 1 bringing "500 phone calls" to the Logan City Police Dept. Residents reported their house "shaken" and TV viewers said their reception was disturbed. A check made later with Hill Air Force Base and Salt Lake City indicated no planes in the area for several hours. A war veteran described the 16 ft. wide and 6 ft. deep hole as looking like a "bomb crater." Sod was found scattered in all directions for more than 100 yards.

On Aug. 31, '54, I wrote Dr. Clyde T. Hardy, geologist who worked on the project, asking if any substantial evidence as to its (the explosion's) source had been uncovered. Following is Dr. Hardy's reply of Sept. 11, 1954:

"Reference is made to your letter of Aug. 31 re. the explosion and crater west of Logan. Although a fireball was reported by several people previous to the ground explosion, I am personally convinced that they were confused. One especially competent observer describes a ground flash only and he was favorably situated to see all aspects of the occurrence."

(Signed) Clyde T. Hardy
Assoc. Prof., Dept. Geology

(Ref. File: Case 20)


- page 2 -

INFORMATION ONLY (NOT A CASE)                                                5 May 1954,
                                                                                       Cincinnati, Ohio

C.R.I.F.O.
        Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects

                                                                        Leonard H. Stringfield
                                                                        Director
                                                                        1011 Britton Ave.
May 10, 1954                                                            Cincinnati 11, Ohio

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright- Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Reference:     AFOIN - ATIAE -5

Sirs:

Enclosed is Log of UFO and Jet activity over Cincinnati, Ohio May 5, 1954. It may help you correlate events.

Also enclosed is my organization's latest edition of Newsletter.

Although sometimes critical, I plan to cooperate fully with ATIC and the USAF regarding UFO activity. In many instances people, locally, prefer to keep "saucer" sightings away from official channels, but are willing to turn over the details to me for analysis. Others, aware of, or as members of CRIFO, keep me informed of all UFO events. Such was the case May 5, when Herbert Clark, who is a member of CRIFO, phoned me of UFO-Jet activity. Through this cooperation, I was able to see the UFO myself and thus gather other pertinent reports from people in the city.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
Leonard H. Stringfield
Director

LHS/mm


- page 3 -

REPORT OF U.F.O. AND JET ACTIVITY OVER CINCINNATI AREA

By Leonard H. Stringfield
Director of Civilian Research
Interplanetary Flying Objects
7017 Britton Avenue
Cincinnati 27, Ohio

DATE: May 5, 1954

WEATHER: Temperature about 40-45 degrees. Sky cloudless, crescent moon to the city's northwest. Stars out, prevailing light haze. No winds.

8:00 P.M. (Time questionable. Not dark yet.) Standing alone, looking due north from front porch of home, observed two separate pinpoint flashes of deep blue light, intense like arc welders torch. Both flashes were about 10 degrees elevation from horizon and about 10 degrees apart. I could not determine any substance behind the flashes and passed them off as optical phenomena.

8:10 P.M. Received the following report by telephone from Mr. Hyman Lapirow, of 1930 Stevens Ave. Mt. Healthy, Ohio:

Mr. Lapirow reports sighting a string of five or six yellow-white lights looking like "portholes", in the vicinity of Mt. Healthy, Ohio. Although, he claimed, the objects made a "loud throbbing noise", he was positive they were not jets. He said when the lights changed, their eastward course to west north, the lights remained in linear order, showing no swerve or break. One light, he added, seemed to fade off and on, or pulsate at intervals. He estimated the object in altitude and flying about 200-300 mph. One light, he added, about 2000 ft. in the perfect straight line in which the objects flew, and said it left him feeling apprehensive...

9:50 P.M. Herbert Clark phoned me. From the front of his home on Strathmore Drive, and facing northwest, he observed a glowing yellow light (9:45) dissimilar to aircraft signal or navigation lights, moving slowly (approx. 200-225 mph) to the W.S.W. Object in view for one half minute. Two minutes later two jets appeared on scene coming from southeast. They made a 360 degree circle of immediate vicinity. The yellow object was soundless.

9:55 P.M. I phoned the Cincinnati Lunken Airport Control Tower Operator, Miss Edith Harmon said the tower was unaware of UFO and/or jets in the area.

10:00 P.M. I phoned Herb Clark: Lunken Airport phone call.

10:10 P.M. Herb Clark, wife and Mr. and Mrs. Larry Thomas of same address witnessed a large brilliant, white, ellipsoid, hovering in the northeast near vicinity of Madiera and Indian Hill. Clark's home is 660 ft. elevation; the object appeared at about 825 elevation. Size of object can be compared with a half dollar held at arm's length. It


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

blinked intermittently at about one second intervals for about 3 or 4 minutes, then vanished, not reappearing. The object was soundless. No jets in general area during the "hovering" incident.

10:00-
10:30

Received the following report by telephone from Mr. and Mrs. Donald Krueger, Indian Hill, Mrs. Krueger reported the incident to the Indian Hill Ranger Headquarters, May 5. I have verification of Mrs. Krueger's phone call to the Rangers from that office.

Looking toward Miami and Demar Rd., about a quarter mile from their home, Mr. and Mrs. Krueger watched a large, round, glow-ing white object hover for more than 20 minutes. Flashing at 2 second intervals, the object had a yellowish center and a nebulous rather than a clear-cut outline and made no sound. Certain that the object was a self-luminous solid device under someone's control, Mr. Krueger said that it twice shifted position, dropping below a line of trees out of sight. Concerned, Mrs. Krueger phoned the Rangers. During her absence, Mr. Krueger watched the object reappear to its original position, about 400 ft. above their elevation which is 725 ft. On another occasion the body of light shifted slightly from south to north. Mr. Krueger said it made one final shift south again before it suddenly blinked out and disappeared.

Although jets were heard later, Mr. Krueger ruled out as answers: electrostatic phenomena, a star, jets, helicopter, auto headlights and searchlights. It was something that neither person had ever before seen.

10:12

While Herb continued to watch the northeast sky, Mrs. Clark phoned me regarding their latest sighting.

10:14-
10:15

With 10x50 binoculars, I went outdoors. Sighted dim red object, about 15 degrees above horizon, flying swiftly from the northeast -- the identical point above where Clark and others had viewed the object hovering. Caught object instantly in binoculars. Appeared grayish red, the frontal portion glowing brighter than its tail. I had a momentary impression that the object was triangular in shape and that something dark and solid was behind the glowing redness. Thru binoculars the object had a tendency to pulsate or throb in its horizontal southwest flight. In view about 4 seconds and traveling faster than the fastest jet observed during the night's activity, the object disappeared behind a large tree which obscured by field of vision. At this instant my wife tardily came to the scene. We both looked at the proper elevation for its return, but saw nothing. This left me to conclude that the object had made a sharp, angular turn, changing its course from S. W. to west or W. N. W. During this maneuver the skies were silent and no jets were in the area.

10:00

(Approx.) Learned the following report from the Indian Hill Ranger Station, May 7 Ranger patrolling on Demar Ave., in Indian Hill reported to his headquarters, having seen a swift moving red, aerial object


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

-3-

traveling from west to east. He stopped his car to observe the object, which he said was silent. He said the object was definitely not a jet.

10:20 I watched what seemed to be a bright variegated meteor drop vertically in the northwest sky. Possibly an aquarid, whose source is in the S. W. square of Pegasus.

10:25 (Time approx.) I phoned Control Tower, Lunken Airport to relate the "red" object sighting. A Miss Harmon radioed to a Mr. Berning, flying a Cessna in airport vicinity, to "check unidentified red object flying southwest." Later learned that Berning saw nothing.

10:20- Herb Clark relates: Larry Thomas and himself observed jets
10:30 circling in area on three different occasions.

1st group: 2 jets traveled from South to North while one flew in opposite direction.
2nd group: 2 jets circled at 360 degrees angle.
3rd group: 1 jet, solo, flew S.W. to N.E.

10:45 I witnessed flight of two jets directly overhead, one flying behind the other due North.

10:50 Herb Clark, in car, arrived at my house. Much impressed by his hovering disc sighting.

11:05- Clark and I observed two more flights of jets flying in dual formation.
11:10

11:10 Clark phoned Dr. Gough of the Ground Observers Corps.

11:15 I phoned City Editor of Cincinnati Enquirer. He was unaware of UFO and jet activity.

11:30- Clark and I drove to highest point of Indian Hill, 825 ft. elevation,
12:00 or more. Saw no jet activity. Clark witnessed a meteor. Observed two transport planes in flight near Lunken airport.

12:15 Clark, on way home, heard jet in vicinity.

EVALUATION: The testimony of 10 people verifies the fact that a UFO plus jets were in eastern portion of Cincinnati, May 5, 1954. Although meteors were to be expected, coming from Constellation Pegasus, May 4-6, the silent, red object I viewed at 10:14 was not a meteor, or a jet. The object's swift horizontal flight and its en- during silence—especially when making its first angle turn ruled out all conventional meteorological explanations. The Indian Hill Ranger (name unknown) who witnessed a flying silent red object about the same time also was positive that what he saw was not a jet.

All parties agreed that the hovering object was a solid and intelligently controlled device. The sightings by the Clarks and Thomases and the Kruegers verify the object's position. Significantly, the red flying object was witnessed moving to and from the same area.

Analysis of reports by disinterested sighters and the correlation of time proves the UFO's existence, its solidity and its intelligent control.

[Signed] L.H. Stringfield


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Photostat of Cincinnati Post's story, May 7, 1954
Note the misprints, etc.

Jets, Saucers Play Tag In Skies
BY HARRY MAYO

Army jets and "flying saucers" cavorted all over Cincinnati's skies Wednesday night. No one would admit they were more than coincidentally in the same area, but for a couple of hours they put on a darky show.

Leonard H. Stringfield, who is an investigator of interplenetary saucers from his porch at 7017 Brittain avenue, Madison Park, "I was at 9:30 p.m." he mentioned. "There were two jets and what looked like saucers, like an arc welder's light, moving around."

But at 9:45 a.m. Herbert Clark, of 4673 Strathmore avenue, MENNEN, FRENCH MOTOR CORPS, May 6 (UP) - Shark KO's Pilot - A jet trainer was forced down today and the pilot was knocked out.

The instructor, in the rear seat, took over in the emergency and landed the aircraft safely.

Mr. Stringfield. He had seen something, too.

"Slow moving yellow lights," he said, "two miles later, two jets moved in and took after them."

Mr. Clark phoned Mr. Stringfield. Then he returned the call with his wife and Mr.

Howard Berning who was "staring" in a Cinema, he noticed both that he didn't, etc.

"We still there, a low something, slightly above," the vicinity of Indian Hill lights with, about 30 miles southwest. Then a light about 3 miles an hour.

Mr. Stringfield went to his own porch with his wife. "I looked southwest," he said, "and it seemed to pulsate, moving swiftly and low on a southwest course from the position Clark had reported first seeing it."

Mr. Stringfield phoned Lunken Airport and told the traffic controller. Mr. Dalton Harman, about the saucers. Shy radiated

afterburners which cause a glow. Maybe that created the illusion of something chasing something.

Mr. Stringfield then pointed out a pattern, "Just-west-of-

[Note: The bottom of the text is cut off, and some words are partially illegible.]

Handwritten notes on the side of the document include "mis quote" and other annotations.


- page 7 -

